    Mr. Shelton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and committee members. We appreciate the opportunity to come here today to speak to you about what is happening in the local municipalities.    Let me begin by saying that what I say here today has to do with the procedures, the rules, the regulations, not the people of FEMA. Mr. Robinson has worked very closely with us. In fact, I wish FEMA was rife with people like Tony Robinson, I wish he was cloned and we had a lot of him. But, unfortunately, it is not so, and because of that we have some problems, and I wish to outline those. I was going to read a speech, but I decided I just want to speak from the heart and let you know what exactly is happening in our city.    Let me give you some statistics. The city of Central was incorporated 11 years ago. We are a young city. We have 27,900 citizens. Of those 27,900 citizens, approximately 25,000 were impacted during this flood--25,000. We have 11,100 residences in the city. We estimate nearly 90 percent of those homes were damaged significantly. And when I'm talking about damaged significantly, I mean at least 2 feet of water or more.    Congressman Richmond said it best when he said this is not about property, this is about lives. What you see in pictures that have been handed to you, the debris that's out there, that's not debris, that's people's lives. Can you imagine if you were 60, 70 years old and you lost everything that you had? How do you start over from there?    Quite honestly, we have mental health problems taking place in these municipalities that are represented here today. We have suicides, we have mental breakdowns, we have families being torn apart, because honestly they don't know how they're going to get back on their feet.    Let's talk about the response from FEMA. I understand the hierarchy that FEMA is to work with the State governmental agencies. And I want to compliment our Governor and our State for the work that they have done. I have no complaints whatsoever from there.    However, it is important that this gets drilled down to the local municipalities because that's where the problems are. I should not have to go to the Governor's office with individual problems presented to me by my citizens. We should have contact, constant contact with FEMA.    Twenty-one days following this event is when I got a liaison appointed to me. A nice lady, but she has absolutely no authority. Every question I've asked her, she has had to go up the chain. And I can only imagine how that chain is placed upon her to try to get answers. So I don't blame her, I blame the system, and that is what we are here today to talk about.    Disaster recovery centers, there was an announcement there would be a disaster recovery center set up in East Baton Rouge Parish. One. I went ballistic on the radio, that a parish as large as East Baton Rouge Parish was going to have one disaster recovery center. Within the day I had a call from FEMA saying that we would have one, and I think it is only because I got out there and complained about it.    Now, it was explained to me that there was going to be more disaster recovery centers set up, but the information being given to the public made it sound like only one was going to be there. That disaster recovery center is often the first contact anyone has with FEMA representatives and they are asked a series of questions. And I must tell you, after hearing the series of questions, I believe they are set up to exclude people instead of categorizing their needs.    Let me give an example. If someone were to say to them in that interview, ``Do you have a place to live?'' and they say, ``Well, yes, I'm staying with my in-laws,'' they are immediately put off on the side saying they don't have a housing need. We all know that's not acceptable.    Instead, that question should be, ``How long will be able to stay there?''    ``Well, maybe a week.''    ``Okay, we'll get back with you in a week and see if you still have housing needs.''    Instead it is put on that citizen in this time of turmoil and unrest to have to come back to ask for housing. That's unacceptable. These people need help. They don't need to be put off to the side and make them come back to ask the questions.    We had a townhall meeting that was set up by FEMA. We were elated about that. We had 1,200 persons come to a church to hear questions being answered by FEMA. They weren't answered. Had it not been for representatives from the Governor's office there would have been very little substantive answers given there.    The very first comment that the representative from FEMA said to this group of 1,200 citizens seeking help was: Hey, if we tell you no, come back and ask us again. That's telling those citizens we're trying to put you off, we're trying to wear you down, instead of, hey, we're going to try to help you, we're going to try to figure out your needs. They're trying to exclude, instead of include.    The MHU or mobile housing unit issue, that should have never been an issue. I want to give you a statistic that not many people know. In East Baton Rouge Parish, or county, we had 33,000 homes flood that are not in the flood zone. We had 31,800 flood in the flood zone. You heard me right, we had more flooding outside the flood plain than we did inside. But the policy was an MHU does not go in a flood zone. But yet we're going to put them in the flood areas that out-flooded even the flood zones.    So that policy should have been eradicated from the very beginning. AND this goes back to my point I have been saying time and time again, that instead of having this one template to take care of every disaster, you need to have templates for each type of disaster, a trigger that puts a certain team into place for certain events. And we're going to go back to the idea that this is not an event that's like an earthquake that might only happen in California or tornadoes in Oklahoma or Kansas. This is a rain event that can happen in your hometown. And we better get this right or it's going to be you sitting on this side of the table giving this testimony.    There's one issue that has really disturbed me lately because it's something that we're faced with now, the major issue: Are these citizens going to have to rebuild and raise their slabs? That's the number one question right now. But yet in the local newspaper over the weekend there were two articles written in which FEMA was stating: Hey, we're not telling them to raise their slabs, it's the local municipalities and their ordinances that will do that. What they left out is those local ordinances in the municipalities have to agree and have to be meeting the rules and regulations from FEMA. So quit putting the blame on the local people. We want them back in the homes. We want them to have help.    So in conclusion I just want to say that it's astounding to me that I'm sitting here today, that Congress and the President can send millions and billions of dollars overseas, but yet our own citizens have to beg and plead for help, those citizens who put that money in the coffers that can be sent overseas. All they went is help now.    You were given some pictures from the city of Central, I ask that you look at them. There is a picture of a very typical street where you see the debris that might be 6, 7, 8 feet tall. That's their lives, as we talked about.    In addition to that there are a couple of family pictures there, and I want you to look at those, I want you to look at the faces of those people. They're proud, but they're broken. They're hopeful, but they are shaken.    The city of Central will take care of our citizens with or without Federal Government help, but I'm here today pleading with you, please, help these people with these lives, it's American families looking for help.    Thank you.    Mr. Shelton. 21 days. And let me state this: Being in contact with the parish officials does not drill it down into the local municipalities.    Mr. Shelton. We did.    Mr. Shelton. I can't tell you the date.    Mr. Shelton. I will tell you had it not been for Congressman Graves, we would not have had water.    Mr. Shelton. I'd like to point out that at no time did anyone from FEMA contact me and say that water was even available. I had to go through Congressman Graves' office to get it.    Mr. Shelton. Well, let me address that, because I've only been mayor 2 years. During this process, we have discovered that once the administration changed from the prior mayor to this mayor, I was to be contacted by someone from FEMA to kind of give me an update about what to expect in case of an emergency. That was never done. I had no contact with FEMA until 21 days into this thing.    So what I'm saying is, I was not given the procedures prior to any event that would take place. So I had no idea that we could make those requests through the parish.    I did call Congressman Graves. We did get water.    Mr. Shelton. Absolutely.    Mr. Shelton. I agree.    Mr. Shelton. I had been given a call by Joanne Morrow, who is fabulous in our mayor's office for the parish to say that anything that we needed, let me know, let her know. Well, that's fine, and that covers a broad variety of things. By that time, I had already contacted Congressman Graves, and it was on its way.    Mr. Shelton. Well, I think it's pretty obvious that the assessors throughout the affected area are going to have to go back in and reassess the properties. And we've heard numbers anywhere from 75 percent to 50 percent reductions. That's going to be devastating to these agencies--school boards, fire, police, any agency that depends upon ad valorem taxes.    As a city, we're fortunate that we do not rely upon ad valorem taxes, but I know that other cities do. And when you start taking that type of money out of those systems, we have problems for years, because it's going to take a while for those values to rise back up to an acceptable level, before the storm. So it's not an issue that's just a one-time assessment. It's going to last for years.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. So--and, Mr. Robinson, I want to make note of this--compounding the problems that these folks are already facing--lost their homes; the families don't have anywhere to go; in many cases, the schools are closed and flooded; and, on top of it, losing their entire revenue stream, or a major chunk of it, because of the reduction in value of homes.    Mayor Landry, let me ask you, going back to what I mentioned before in the question to the Governor, with a magic wand. You and I have talked about a lot of problems, and I'm actually going to spoon-feed you one issue.    These manufactured housing units are larger units. They're not the Katrina trailers, the smaller units that can fit--you represent a city. And these units, I'll tell you what, it wouldn't fit in my yard. It wouldn't. We don't have a big enough piece of property. Nowhere to put it.    If you had that magic wand, what are a few things you would do? And I would like you to specifically address that MHU issue and the compatibility with your city.    Mr. Shelton. You're going to have a worse flood. You're going to have little islands in these neighborhoods.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. What happens to their cars?    Mr. Shelton. They're going to lose the cars again.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. What happens when they need to go to the grocery store or to their job?    Mr. Shelton. Can't get there.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Does that sound like it makes sense? Or do you have an alternative solution?    Mr. Shelton. Yes. Let them build back where they are. Like Congressman Richmond said, this is a one-in-a-thousand-year flood, and we're going to do other things to mitigate flooding issues. To put this on the homeowner is--it's sad. It's sad. They built their homes according to the plans at the time. Now we have one storm that's going to change everything, that may never happen again in lifetimes to come. It's just not the right thing to do.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And so, I assume, build back where they are, and build the Comite project----    Mr. Shelton. That's what I'm saying. Listen, the Comite--and I didn't realize we were going to get into the Comite River diversion canal, but I could talk all day about that. I have stated time and time again that I lay this flood and what has happened to it and the damage at the feet of the people that are dragging their feet to get that canal built.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you.    Two more questions.    Mr. Robinson, I want to go back to the sheriff housing issue we discussed before. Can you tell me when this issue is going to be resolved and approved?    Mr. Shelton. Absolutely. We can't stand any delays. We need things sped up.