    Secretary Stackley. Chairman Turner, distinguished members of the subcommittee, I thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to testify on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program.    The Marine Corps variant of the Joint Strike Fighter is on track to achieve its initial operational capability, or IOC, this summer. This milestone is, of course, but a way point, for the software build called Block 2B, which the Marines will employ at IOC, provides limited warfighting capability in accordance with the program's long-planned incremental build plan.    Full warfighting capability, at least sufficient to support the final, of the services and our international partners and our foreign military sales customer nations IOCs will be delivered in a subsequent software build called Block 3F.    That notwithstanding, it should not be lost on this subcommittee, the significant challenges and adversity that the program has and will continue to overcome in order to achieve the Marines' IOC and that the milestone will be achieved more or less in accordance with the budget and schedule established by the program about 4 years ago.    Today, increasingly, the focus is on delivering the next block of capability, Block 3i, which incorporates upgraded computing hardware, but otherwise is the warfighting equivalent of Block 2B, and, therefore, assessed as relatively low risk. We have begun flight testing with Block 3i, and today we assess that we are on track to support the Air Force IOC with Block 3i capability in the summer of 2016.    Completion of the final block of capability, Block 3F, which is the capability that the services will ultimately deploy with, poses the greatest challenge to completion of the system development phase of the Joint Strike Fighter program.    Block 3F software requirements are well understood and stable. However, this block includes the most complex functionality of the three software baselines, including what is referred to as sensor fusion.    Further, coding and testing of Block 3F has been delayed as a result of the resource demands, software engineers, and lab facilities associated with supporting completion of earlier software builds.    These factors add up to the program's estimate of 4 to 6 months schedule risk with completion of Block 3F. Despite the schedule risk, we remain on track to support the Navy carrier variant IOC with Block 3F in 2018.    In parallel with completion of the system software and related flight testing leading to each of the service's IOCs, the program is managing the resolution of technical issues that have been discovered in testing; the ramp-up of production of the three aircraft variants across a large and growing industrial base that supports JSF; improvements to affordability and production; incorporation of modifications to correct deficiencies identified on earlier production aircraft; needed improvements to reliability and maintainability of the aircraft; planning and assignment of maintenance, repair, overhaul, and upgrade, or MRO&U, responsibilities across the global regions where the JSF will operate; and formulation of the program operations and support strategy with its own focus on affordability.    To briefly summarize, today's scorecard on technical issues largely reflects a large list of issues that are well understood with fixes either under development or in various stages of implementation. That said, we are wary that further technical issues are certain to emerge as we press on with system testing, and it will be critical that the program rapidly correct these deficiencies while mitigating their impact on test and production.    The most notable technical issue which emerged this past year, a rub condition between the engine rotor and rotor seal, led to an engine fire and brought flight testing to a standstill for several weeks while the root cause of the issue was being determined. We are confident that this technical issue is resolved and are proceeding with implementation of the fix across the fleet of affected aircraft.    Aircraft production is demonstrating healthy labor learning curve performance, improving quality trends, improving schedule performance and lot-over-lot unit cost reduction. This is as expected for a program at this stage.    To spur a greater cost improvement, the program, led by an industry initiative, has launched an effort referred to as Blueprint for Affordability, which has established a target unit cost for the F-35A of about $80 million by 2019.    We are embarking on similar concerted efforts in order to improve aircraft reliability, maintainability, and availability, or RM&A. Overall, performance in this area has been poor.    It is only in the past 6 months that improvements to design, parts availability, and maintenance, training, and support are starting to show needed results, providing a positive sign that we may meet our interim RM&A requirement of 60 percent aircraft availability by year's end. RM&A is a principal focus area for the program in 2015.    Lastly, the program is working closely with the services and our international partners and industry to formulate the operations and sustainment, or O&S, strategy for the Joint Strike Fighter.    The effort encompasses activities stretching from completing development of logistics tools, to standup of depot facilities, to supply chain management, engineering and software support, and determination of the business plan that will accompany each of these activities and an overarching O&S war on cost.    In summary, while maintaining its focus on achieving the services' initial operational capability milestones, the JSF program is also systematically tackling a large number of risk items and issues that confront this program across the full spectrum spanning development, test, production, operations, and sustainment.    We are experiencing improving trends in virtually all areas, but we are painstakingly aware of the significant challenges that remain ahead and are committed to meeting those challenges head-on with discipline, with rigor, and with full transparency.    Mr. Chairman, we look forward to answering your questions.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. I will start and hand it over to General Bogdan.    I don't know if the 80 percent number is exactly right, but the issue of false positive is very real. And concerns with regards to the reliability, the responsiveness, the timeliness of ALIS information for the maintainers and for the warfighter is at the top of our priority list.    We scorecard readiness for initial operational capabilities, and we look at all the attributes associated with the program. And when you look at the services' IOCs as rated by the program office and as rated by the services themselves, ALIS's performance is a very high concern, high priority, because it is not currently meeting the requirements of the warfighter in terms of the maintainability aspects on the program.    So it is a real problem. It is a known problem. The solution is not a single, simple issue. It is going after all the details inside of ALIS. It is a large, complex logistics, software-based system.    And we have been on this path for several years now, since it was first introduced and put in the hands of the maintainers, and they identified the issues with everything from data reliability to timeliness. And this false positive issue has been brought to our attention more recently.    So there is versions of software upgrades to ALIS that are planned that capture the known deficiencies. They are tested before they are turned into the field. And then, when they are put in the hands of the maintainers, we get that user feedback.    So I will tell you that the program is improving. It is not where it needs to be. Our scorecards--right now you will see red next to ALIS, which has our absolute attention. And we have got a lot of work to do, but there won't be one leap from that red to that green. It is going to be a series of upgrades to ALIS software where we are going to have to drive in those incremental improvements to get it up to the level of performance that we need.    Secretary Stackley. I will tell you that that is evolving. There was a vision for what ALIS would do and how this program would be sustained that was established years ago. We are past that point today.    And the operation and sustainment plan for the program is evolving and being developed today with industry, with our international partners, frankly, to do better than what you are hearing from the maintainers today on the flight line.    Secretary Stackley. I will take that. I will start.    A year from now we will have the Marine Corps--we will have IOC, their version of the aircraft. We will be working on completion of 3i testing and will be heavy into the 3F testing.    I think, as Mr. Sullivan described, your concerns with cost--I think at this point in the program we can see the end in sight in terms of R&D costs. There are still some risks, and we will tackle those risks. But those aren't going to threaten the program.    What we have to do is continue to drive down cost in production, because we still have about 2,800 aircraft to manufacture and that heavy weight in terms of production costs. We have got to go at that from our side in the program to drive the costs down. That bigger issue of affordability has to deal with our budgets.    And so where will our budget be--when we are sitting here in April of 2016, where will our budget be? Will we have been sequestered? What will have happened to the top line?    You have heard the services testify with regard to the impact of sequestration. If we are sequestered, that will have an impact on this program, and that will then directly have an impact on affordability.    Secretary Stackley. Yes, sir. Thanks for the question.    Right now at Beaufort I think we have about a dozen aircraft on site. It will be a training command near term, long term. That dozen or so aircraft will build up to a total of 50 across 2 squadrons, and you will see the Marine Corps training there.    In the near term, you will see our partners--the U.K., Italy--training there, and that will be a long-term presence just like it is today for Marine Corps aviation training with this program. It is a critical part of the future of the Marine Corps here.    Secretary Stackley. Sir, I can only echo what General Bogdan had to say. Safety is a top priority on this as well as, frankly, all of our weapons systems developments.    We do not compromise on air worthiness. Our standards are high and we do not compromise on those standards. And as far as bringing those standards to bear on this program, we have got our best and brightest working on this.