    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me begin by opening comments recognizing the enormity of the responsibilities that you have and assuming there have been many successes. But Mr. Roth, I wanted to talk about really two subject areas, and Mr. Ron, the second part is the perimeter given that I'm from the Bay Area and we've had a lot of news coverage on that case and other cases.    But Mr. Roth, you mentioned in your opening comments that complacency is a huge problem and that human error is too common and basically it's--the human error is simply to follow protocol. And also you mentioned that you have to be--TSA has to be right every time and a terrorist only has to be right one time. So we have lots of examples in proper quality assurance in different fields, in similar situations, at hospitals or industrial facilities. Is there a basic--or maybe Mr. Ron knows this or Ms. Grover, a basic management tool when you have these kind of situations to make sure that complacency isn't the order of the day?    Mr. DeSaulnier. So that's not sufficient in this instance, is that your view?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Is there in your view misprioritization? Should there be more emphasis on this as opposed to technology?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Mr. Ron, your comment about very alarming that we put a lot of emphasis on the front door, but the back door is wide open, and given your comments and your experience both in Israel and Massachusetts, are there best practices both on a low-threshold cost, sort of a medium and higher level? Because you also mention basically we don't have the resources to do the higher level.    Mr. DeSaulnier. So in your previous experience you had to balance your resources, your funding with the risk assessment. Are we doing that sufficiently in this instance?    Mr. DeSaulnier. I was speaking more about in relationship to the front door to the back door. Are we putting enough? Is this a proper risk assessment that we should put more in the front door and not on the back door? You implied in your opening comment that we weren't.    Mr. DeSaulnier. Ms. Grover, do you care to comment on either the complacency problems or the perimeter problems?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.