    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Well, I have three questions for the Secretary.    And I'll give them all to you, and then hopefully you'll have time to respond.    First of all, thank you so much for coming before us and thank the Obama administration for putting forward a great budget in this area. I especially want to thank you for the administration's proposed funding increase for the Charter School Program requested at $350 million. As you know, the administration also supported the recent omnibus bill that had an increase of $80 million of plus-up for fiscal year 2016 funding for charter schools, and I'm pleased to see the support will continue under your leadership.    My three questions are, first, open education. Last year, the Department indicated that access to open education resources would be a priority for the Department's Office of Education Technology. We see great opportunities to save students money on textbooks, particularly at the higher ed level, and I'd like you to address how the President's budget request continues the Office of Ed Tech's commitment to increasing access to open resources and ensuring materials created with grants from the Department are available to the public under an open license. That's the first one.    Second question, a few people have addressed, have brought up the importance of summer Pell. I want to lend my voice to that. I spoke with students in Boulder and Fort Collins at CSU and CU about access to Pell Grants in the summer. I was hoping you could briefly address how the administration's request for funding summer Pell is important for students and your plans in that area.    And then finally, dual enrollment. We're very excited in Colorado, we found that a student is 23 percent more likely to attend college if they took dual-enrollment classes in high school. That is a class that is offered usually through a community college for college credit. It's a great way to get low-income kids or first-generation college-goers to access college, sometimes even earn an associate's degree concurrent with their high school degree.    What is the Department doing and what can the Department do to support the growth of these programs, and what can Congress do to ensure that more students have access to dual-enrollment programs and access to low-cost or no-cost for-credit college courses while they're in high school?    Mr. Polis. And we're in my last 10 seconds, and I'd appreciate a future follow-up. I just want to encourage you to consider that a realistic way to deliver on the President's commitment to make community college free is through our K-12 system and through concurrent enrollment. And I hope that you can see that as, you know, one of our most realistic ways to actually make that happen.    Mr. Polis. Thank the gentleman. I look forward to your responses.    And I yield back.