    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am way over here on the corner.    Mr. Williamson, you mentioned in your testimony cash accounting, accrual accounting. You do business with a lot of small businesses, and there is a thought process of lowering the amount where you have to start going to accrual accounting. What would that do to a lot of the small businesses you deal with?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. If you lower it to----    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. You were talking about noncompliance. I was reading the problem with Greece this past month or so here that they have 95 percent noncompliance with regards to paying----    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I do not know how in the world their economy can exist if they have got 95 percent noncompliance.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. They have got a one percent problem, do they not?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. You also made a comment, and I want to follow up on this which is quite interesting, that your clients do not understand the law.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. If you have small business people who do not understand tax law, how can they make good plans? How can they make good business decisions? How can they make good judgments on how they want to run their business? Are you advising them on this? Are you taking an advisory role? Or are they just out there like a ship without a rudder? Because if you do not understand the tax implications of the business decisions you make, you can really mess up your business pretty quickly.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. And the complexity of it just adds to the problem.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. So we are adding to that problem every year as we go about our business here.    Mr. Lewis, you are in the banking business. I have got a quick question for you here. We have created fewer businesses in the last six years than we have lost, so we have actually gone backwards. And of course, when you are talking about creating businesses, it is small businesses that we are talking about creating. And so have you seen in your business world, that the tax code and the complexity of it and the cost of compliance, all of this is a factor that has caused fewer businesses to actually be created?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. You better make simple algebra very simple for me.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. That is interesting. You talk about 179 depreciation. Last year we did the extender I think two weeks before the end of the year, and I have got a good friend of mine who runs a business that he sells a lot of rock crushers and drills and things like that for quarries. And he, over the course of the year, sold 11 different drills. Sold 11. But he sold six of them in the last two weeks of the year. Now, these things cost between $100,000 and $125,000. And I can tell you the same story with regards to farmers buying tractors and farm equipment. They waited until the last two weeks of the year in order to make that decision because they were looking for this opportunity.