    Mr. Atkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning, Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, and thank you very much for inviting me to appear at the hearing today.    Given my background, I am going to focus my remarks on the impact of Dodd-Frank on the U.S. capital markets. I think the single largest problem of the Act is Title I, titled ``Financial Stability.''    The conceit of the authors of Dodd-Frank is that if you get enough smart people in a room with enough data, they can bring stability to the marketplace. But just as human beings cannot be counted on to be predictable and stable, those of us who spend a lifetime engaged with the capital markets know that they also are not always stable because human beings with other foibles make up markets.    Ultimately, though, the freedom of individuals to make their own decisions is not a curse, but a benefit.    A little over a year ago, I testified before this committee on the FSOC's embarking on a misguided effort to apply bank prudential regulation to the capital markets by designating asset managers as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs.    After much pushback, including by many of you on this committee from both sides of the aisle, both the FSOC and the International Organization of Securities Commissions now indicate that they are moving away from designating asset managers as SIFIs. But that decision is not carved in stone.    Take the Financial Stability Board, which seems not to have changed its course to designate funds and asset managers as global SIFIs, even though the only funds and managers that meet their materiality threshold are American. That raises serious competitive implications for the United States just as the European Union embarks on an initiative to encourage Pan-European capital markets.    In short, the story of attempted prudentialization of capital markets is not going away. I fear that the U.S. capital markets, which have been the driver of economic growth and job creation in this country for decades, will be the collateral damage in the elusive quest for, as I say, stability ``uber alles.''    Another Dodd-Frank provision that is emblematic of a flawed legislative process is the Volcker Rule. Despite not being included in either the House or the Senate bill, and without any substantive hearing to consider the specific language of the Rule, potential effects or unintended consequences of the provision, the Volcker Rule became law.    Basically, the Volcker Rule is aimed at banning proprietary trading in commercial banks. Because it is easier to blame Wall Street in excessive risk taking for the financial crisis than the Federal Government's own housing policies, many have trumpeted the Volcker Rule as the best reform of Dodd-Frank.    But even former Chairman Volcker himself has acknowledged that, ``proprietary trading in commercial banks was not central to the crisis.'' Yet, the statute and implementing regulations turned regulators into amateur psychologists. They might as well have a Ouija board to determine intent under the rule.    Rather than risking running afoul with regulations, banks have reduced their market-making activities. Combining the Volcker Rule with higher capital requirements at home and abroad has literally sucked essential working capital out of the market-making activities of banks.    Banks no longer act as principals in trading any more, but as agents. That decreases market liquidity on a daily basis.    Even though Secretary Lew--who by the way does not have a financial background--refuses to acknowledge it, the Volcker Rule is the needless regulation that has caused and will continue to cause harm to issuers and investors.    As the chairman quoted at the outset, former Senator Dodd famously said, ``No one will know until this is actually in place how it works.'' Five years later, the full effects of Dodd-Frank are still unknown. But the costs certainly have been borne not just by Wall Street but by ordinary investors and businesses of all shapes and sizes who are no safer today than they were in 2008.    Indeed, small investors will suffer more pain if the Administration goes through with the proposed changes to the ambit of fiduciary duty under ERISA. To say nothing of the myriad special interest provisions in Dodd-Frank that had absolutely nothing to do with the financial crisis such as conflict minerals certification, mineral extraction disclosure, and the CEO pay disclosure.    Moreover, until Congress claims some of the authority that it gave regulators under Dodd-Frank, particularly the authority given the FSOC and the Federal Reserve under Titles I and II, the greatest risk to the U.S. capital markets remains that government, and not the markets, will ultimately choose winners and losers.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Atkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Basically, because of the regulatory apparatus and the uncertainty that the Volcker Rule has created with respect to banks operating as--with their own money in the marketplace as market makers, banks have tended to back away from doing any propriety trading, because they feel that is only going to get them in trouble.    And so, because of that, that just means on a day to day basis, there is that much less participation by the banks in the marketplace. So that creates a question with respect to liquidity and a decrease of that on a day to day basis.    Mr. Atkins. Right.    Mr. Atkins. The real fear is the extension of prudential bank-type regulation into the capital markets. Prudential regulation grew up by the banking regulators, because their mission is safety and soundness of the banking system. Whereas, on the capital market side, we have created the goose that lays the golden egg here in the United States where innovation and competition really has made a very dynamic marketplace that truly is the envy of the world.    Not too long ago, I was at dinner with the head of a multilateral international lending operation, a government type of lending operation. And he told me he could not believe what the United States is doing to its capital markets, which, he said, of course, with Asia and Europe, is truly the envy of the world.    So that is really the ultimate worry, is that, because of the Fed and the FSOC began able to have prudential regulatory authority over the capital markets, that there will be less activity there, and they will ultimately be able to direct--either tell people not to trade or to acquire certain securities.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Before I get to one of the main questions, I would like to ask, I think it is Mr. Atkins, do you agree that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has returned $5.3 billion to 15 million consumers who have been subjected to unfair and subjective practices?    Mr. Atkins. I don't know the exact number, but from the paper, they are even having trouble identifying supposedly who has been harmed in some of those cases. So they collect money from their settlements where people feel over the barrel that they have to pay to get the regulator off of their back, but the query is, who is being harmed, and how do you show who is being harmed?    Mr. Atkins. I think it is an unfortunate diversion, frankly, from what the SEC should really be focused on. It was a sop to special interests who have their own ax to grind in that regard.    And then as you touched on definitionally, it is very difficult to implement. So I know the staff at the SEC is struggling with how exactly to put this thing together, and I expect that will be yet another divided vote.    Up until the time I left the SEC in 2008, I don't think during my time there was any rulemaking divided vote upon partisan lines. And unfortunately, that number has skyrocketed--    Mr. Atkins. Exactly. Under this Administration, it has been very common.    Mr. Atkins. Yes, I agree. I think it is really unfortunate that Congress foists on the SEC these disclosure provisions that have nothing to do with materiality with respect to public issuers. That is the basis of the 1934 Act, the Securities and Exchange Act.    And to go off and to try to do social engineering through the securities laws and disclosure, I think is really unfortunate.    Mr. Atkins. The current Administration.    Mr. Atkins. The current Administration.    Mr. Atkins. The current Administration.    Mr. Atkins. The same.    Mr. Atkins. The current one.    Mr. Atkins. Yes, I think, I agree with you, additional market discipline. I think it is really not correct to say that there was no regulation or deregulation, especially in the wake of Sarbanes-Oxley and that sort of thing.    Mr. Atkins. There is enough to fill a big rulebook.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. That is true. It is costly to comply.    Mr. Atkins. Well, I will say one thing really quickly is that it is not just the out-of-pocket expense to comply, but it is also the uncertainty and all the latitude that the regulators have to second-guess.    Mr. Atkins. Oh, I completely think that Dodd-Frank has a negative impact.    Mr. Atkins. All of those, yes.    Mr. Atkins. There are benefits and detriments to it. But I think the problem with the CFPB is, of course you can work on procedure and organization, but you also have to look at other aspects of it. I think the current construct of it has constitutional problems. The appointments cause issues, separation of powers issues and those sorts of things.    And then also just the substance of the statutes, Dodd-Frank that empowers it and has sort of vague statutory provisions like abusive practices and how that is defined. I think those substantive aspects are important as well.    Mr. Atkins. Absolutely. And you have to remember that I think the figure of $22 trillion was thrown around as far as losses in the financial crisis. I don't know if that is correct or not. But you have to remember it was a bubble. It was a bubble created by Federal housing policies, so most of that stuff was illusory.    Mr. Atkins. Right. Among others.    Mr. Atkins. Not at all.    Mr. Atkins. That is being introduced, yes.    Mr. Atkins. Absolutely. Yes.    Mr. Atkins. Up to a large part, the Volcker Rule and other associated regulations, and increased capital requirements also.    Mr. Atkins. Yes, it means there is less cushion there and less information as far as pricing.    Mr. Atkins. There is a lot of capital we--asset managers and just basic everyday people who are investing money in the markets are there, so these fixed-income products are being held. It is just a question of, what is the market, what is the everyday liquidity of the marketplace?    Mr. Atkins. Well, you had a long history of both Congress and--    Mr. Atkins. Congress itself.    Mr. Atkins. Oh, that was Federal policy.    Mr. Atkins. Absolutely. I thought it was a travesty actually of--I couldn't even describe it as scholarship; it was riddled with errors.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. That is a great start.    Mr. Atkins. Thank you. Clearly, there were a lot, there is not just one thing that led to the financial crisis and you have to remember a lot of the foreclosures had to do with speculators who were buying houses to flip them and that was all encouraged by regulatory policy and other things as well.    But I will point to one thing that when I was at the SEC, I pushed for a number of years, and that was reform of the credit rating agency aspect. And I think that was one of the big drivers frankly of the crisis because people put way too much store in the AAA ratings and all of that from those rating agencies.    And back in 2006, Senator Shelby pushed through a bill that, of course, was enacted, the Credit Ratings Agency Reform Act. And so, that was at least a start. But the real problem was at the SEC where there was no real process to allow for competition among credit rating agencies, and basically the big three, their word was taken as gospel and that was a real fundamental problem that--    Mr. Atkins. Yes, under Dodd-Frank--even for the bailout fund.    Mr. Atkins. You can certainly ascribe.    Mr. Atkins. With a zero interest environment, you would expect I think--    Mr. Atkins. You make a good point, but what I was trying to refer to before was to government regulators who actually should have known better. And to the SEC where--    Mr. Atkins. Yes. I agree with that, and I think you have to look no further than the President's own appointed insurance expert on FSOC, who completely slammed not only in really harsh terms frankly, not only the designation of Pru, but also the designation of MetLife as being--he said that was unfounded basically.    Mr. Atkins. It is hard to pick out of all 15 titles, but I would start with Title I, for sure. And address the potential of the FSOC and the Fed bringing in bank regulated.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. The problem with Basels I, II, and III basically is that they categorize these various investments in buckets. And there is always an incentive then to choose the riskiest, therefore the highest yielding ones, in each of those buckets and not to have a real market-based type of valuation to it.    It is really the regulators choosing winners and losers, if you will. So, I think there is a fundamental flaw in all of that design.    Mr. Atkins. For a bank to--    Mr. Atkins. Yes, I would think so.    Mr. Atkins. I don't know exactly what he said then, but to ascribe everything to market structure changes, or you know, some people have said to increased transparency in the market has led to that, I think that is not accurate. I think you have to lay blame at the Volcker Rule because basically, you have to have people trading in the markets to set price.    Mr. Atkins. Not at all. I agree with you 100 percent.