    Mr. O'Quinn. Good morning, Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, and health subcommittee members. I am Israel O'Quinn, Director of Strategic Initiatives for K-VA-T food stores based in Abingdon, Virginia. Our company operates 105 supermarkets primarily under the Food City banner in Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee. We are also an associate-owned ESOP company, and that is certainly something that we all take a lot of pride in. Additionally, we are members of the Food Marketing Institute and the National Grocers Association. So I am here representing a lot of grocers all over the United States today.    We really appreciate the work that you are doing to consider the impact of the FDA's menu labeling regulations on grocery stores and the need for the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015, also known as H.R. 2017.    As grocers, we like to provide our customers with the products they want in the format that they desire, and more than 90 percent of the foods in our grocery store have not only calorie information but the full nutrition facts panel listing fat, sodium, and sugar content among other things. Many of the remaining items that we offer are actually sourced from within the store. If a cantaloupe or some other fruit or vegetable gets ripe in the produce department, we bring it over to the bakery/deli department, cut it up, and put it in the salad bar. And, in fact, many of our bakery/deli departments actually prepare foods that may be specific to a single store or a handful of stores based on regional tastes and preferences.    Throughout our stores and across our company, we have a team of quality assurance personnel that is focused exclusively on food safety. That includes implementation of the Food Safety Modernization Act, compliance with country of origin labeling, ingredient labeling, allergen labeling, bioterrorism and recordkeeping and proposed updates to the nutrition facts panel, as well as recall notifications.    We also have our own safety and quality standards that go well beyond these laws because I can promise you the last thing we want is someone to get sick from the food in our grocery stores.    You might ask how any of this is related to what we are talking about today. These are all areas that are of priority of the supermarket industry specifically and where we devote a lot of time and resources. They are also regulations that are not applied to chain restaurants. So when the FDA takes a chain restaurant menu labeling law and stretches its regulations out to grocery stores on top of all the other food safety and nutrition laws that we comply with and abide by, it shouldn't surprise anyone that the glove simply doesn't fit.    Now, we are wholly committed to aiding our customers in making healthy choices, and I will highlight quickly just three of those things that we are currently doing.    We, along with a lot of other grocers, have a healthy initiatives department that helps our associates and our customers make more informed decisions about healthy eating. Something we didn't have to do but something that is the right thing to do.    We have also invested significant resources in the NuVal scoring system, a system that gives a 0 to 100 score right on the shelf tag so you can easily tell the nutritional value of any given product.    We are also involved in a large locally grown produce initiative. Now, most of the farmers in this initiative were formerly tobacco farmers, and they are now growing the freshest and best tasting fruits and vegetables that you can find anywhere.    Over a 14-year span in this program, we have gone from purchasing $750,000 in product to nearly $6 million last year alone. We are now able to offer premium produce at a very affordable price, and you can know the specific farm from which that product came. We were doing locally grown a long time before it was actually cool.    In closing, you may or may not be aware that grocery stores operate on a profit margin that averages about 1 percent. There is very, very little room for us to absorb costs such as the ones presented by menu labeling.    When you operate on a razor thin profit imagine, you simply don't have the luxury of spending money on things that bring little to no value. The costs are ultimately passed along to the consumer, and in an economy that contracted at .7 percent last quarter, consumers can't afford to be paying more and getting very little in return for those investments.    Now, our industry has asked a lot of questions and attempted a lot of meetings with FDA throughout this process, and we have had very few meetings and very few answers. So we believe that H.R. 2017 is a huge step in the right direction. We thank Ms. McMorris Rodgers and Ms. Sanchez for putting this bill in, and we thank you very much for your time and attention.    Mr. O'Quinn. Yes.    Mr. O'Quinn. Well, I think certainly some of the biggest issues come in how you actually label these products in the grocery store. If you take a salad bar area, for instance, we have looked at multiple ways to do that, whether it be putting something on the spoon itself. But should perhaps my 10-year-old cousin come through and move all the spoons around, you are subject to FDA punitive penalties. If you put it up on--label everything up on the sneeze guard, someone comes through, cleans that, the alcohol-based cleaner makes one fall off. How do you account for that?    And then, we have looked at electronic boards and how often do things have to cycle through on them? How big do they have to be? I think the physical labeling of it is certainly one of the biggest challenges that we are going to face and how you make that consistent and how you make it the same every single day.    Mr. O'Quinn. Yes, sir. I think that we certainly have seen States and individual localities across the country adopting menu labeling laws. And I think that certainly becomes difficult for single-store operators or even a medium-sized grocery chain, like we are, to be able to comply with this patchwork of regulations. None of those have actually been in our area, but they have been in plenty of our friends' areas.    And so now you are saying that, the FDA is going to come in with this more overarching rule and be able to enforce it across the entire country. But then what you set up is, so you have got the Federal rule that would supercede the State laws. But all they have to do is mimic the exact same regulation at the local level. And then, all of a sudden, it doesn't supercede, it is more or less exactly the same.    So you could have FDA in your store one day saying, you know, this is not going to work, you are outside of your five calorie variance and you are in big trouble. You could also have someone from a town or a city or a county coming in and saying the exact same thing if they have set up a law that does not supercede the Federal law itself. And so you are going to be right back in the same boat, only FDA will have promulgated regulations. It is not like that there is going to be a regulatory process by a local county government. You are just going to be dealing with the on-the-fly interpretation by someone else. So, to me, that is a really slippery slope to start down.    Mr. O'Quinn. Sir, I think you can absolutely have information overload. Like I said, our tags already have a NuVal score. You have front-of-package labeling. You have the larger back-of-package labeling. You are talking about a lot of labels on one single food. And, frankly, you could put a label across the front, just like a tobacco product, that says this product will make you obese. And I promise you, people are still going to buy that product if they want it.    So I don't think that, you know, I think we are kind of arguing apples and oranges here. Everyone wants people to be healthier. But in the end, they are going to eat what they want to eat. And it doesn't matter what you put on there, they are going to get what their taster is set for, for that day.    Mr. O'Quinn. Yes.    Mr. O'Quinn. Well, thank you, Congressman Griffith. I would just say this has been a very frustrating processes. We meet with, our industry meets with FDA on a regular basis.    Mr. O'Quinn. No. The hearing has been smooth as silk.    Mr. O'Quinn. But the process throughout the fleshing out of this has been difficult. Because we meet with FDA on a regular basis on a wide variety of topics. And this has been one particular topic in which they have been absolutely unwilling to meet or communicate. And so here we are discussing a delay versus some clarity and reasonable flexibility. But it has been a very frustrating process. But we do appreciate the opportunity to be here today to air our side of this story.