    Mr. Griffin. Thank you, Chairman Smith, Chairman Culberson, Mr. Brooks, for the kind introduction and recognition. I'm--and thanking Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Committee for appearing here today and allowing me to appear to discuss the future of our nation's space program.    With the inauguration of a new Administration and Congress, we will have both the need and the opportunity to restore American preeminence in space, and after that, to ensure stability in the policy and programs we create. We should begin now, and in that context, it may be of some value to review some of our recent history. Some of that has been summarized by Chairman Culberson in the earlier panel, and I will not repeat it.    I will make the point that, following the loss of Space Shuttle Columbia, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board identified as one of the root causes of that failure the lack of a clearly identifiable long-term strategic plan for NASA. As has been stated, by 2009 that issue had been remedied, and we were executing a powerful and compelling new plan. That plan respected the need to complete existing commitments, the constraints imposed by the geography of the solar system, and the existing state of our technology and operational experience. The plan respected the need of our international partners for a roadmap for human spaceflight beyond the International Space Station, while offering critical challenges to which they could make critical contributions. Finally, being achievable with only incremental real dollar budget growth, it respected realistic budget constraints. It was a good plan.    This strategy received nearly unanimous bipartisan endorsement by successive Congresses, Republican and Democratic, in the NASA Authorization Acts of 2005 and 2008, clearing the path for a period of unimpeded progress. And by early 2009, the shuttle was flying regularly, the ISS was nearing completion, a new crew transportation system was in work, and the first two contracts for commercial cargo delivery to the International Space Station had been signed. Some 14 nations had embraced partnership with the United States to return to the moon and were orienting their own national space policies to that end.    But by early 2010, just a year later, this strategy was in disarray. Human lunar return had been abandoned, as had NASA's development of a new crew transportation system. There was no plan beyond ISS save for a nebulous commitment to visit an asteroid sometime in the 2020s. Inasmuch as this--such a mission is inherently a one-off exercise with limited opportunities for international involvement, our existing space station partners rightly felt abandoned and potential new partners saw very little merit in working with the United States.    The nations that were eager to participate in space exploration in 2009 still wish to do so today, but a leader is needed for such an endeavor, and for now, the only possible leader is the United States. If we do not choose to engage, then eventually other nations will, and we're unlikely to be pleased with that result. This is not a future that the United States should allow to come to pass.    Our space policy is bankrupt. While I certainly support the stability for NASA that is the topic of this hearing today, I would not want that desire to prevent us from correcting the problems that have been created over the last seven years. To quote my friend and colleague Jim Albaugh, the former Boeing commercial aircraft CEO, the current Administration's plan for space offers ``no dream, no vision, no plan, no budget, and no remorse.'' We can fix this and we must.    Thank you. I would be happy to answer any of your questions.    Mr. Griffin. Such a question reminds me of a rye joke among engineers about the dangers of doing math in public. With that in mind, I think I might offer some broad comments----    Mr. Griffin. --but--and I would be more than willing to discuss the question offline----    Mr. Griffin. --with Committee and staff. But the details are probably not best hammered out here. I would say broadly that, in order to craft a plan of decadal scope, a process much like what science does in their various disciplines would be helpful. One would have to gather together recognized experts in human spaceflight ranging from operators to, in point of fact, philosophers. Why are we doing this in the first place? These were the kinds of questions that were addressed in the period following the loss of Columbia and that did allow us to come up with what I thought was a plan, a quality plan of decadal scope.    Mr. Griffin. The key to such a plan is having as many knowledgeable stakeholders as possible contributing to it, having it done in the open, and then having the opportunity to discuss it and debate it when it's done rather than having it, as Colonel Collins suggested, foisted upon us as a surprise.    Mr. Griffin. All right.    Mr. Griffin. I would as well, sir. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. No, I don't need to comment further at this time. Thank you, ma'am.    Mr. Griffin. Ms. Johnson, I don't know that I would have a top three. I think the topic of this hearing today is a critical one. What should NASA be doing? What as a nation do we want to do with our civil space program? I personally have been very clear that I think the proper next step is a human lunar return. That will occupy us in the near term and allow us to cement the international partnerships that helped us to build the space station.    Beyond that, we should be doing everything that we do in returning to the moon in such a way that it has maximum applicability toward going to Mars. As Colonel Collins has said, this is something the United States can do, and I believe it's something that we should do.    And so if I get my top three, the third thing I would say is once these goals are locked in place by the legislature, I think we need a cultural change. Our program is not something which the Nation can afford to have be a playground for newly elected Presidents and unelected staff. The legislature is the proper repository of the long-term stability in these plans and programs that we need, and it needs to be enforced. Thank you, ma'am.    Mr. Griffin. I'd like to echo my support for Eileen's comment that we need to restore American access to space as soon as possible. That might have been something I was assuming was a given, and I think I should state it explicitly. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. Well, you mentioned me first, so I'll go first, Mr. Posey. Thank you. I have a couple comments on that. First of all, I think you can infer all that needs to be inferred about how the Chinese will behave in space by watching today how they are behaving in the Western Pacific and the concern that that causes not only the United States but all nations in that region. There is no reason to suppose that they would behave any differently in space, and I think that should give us concern.    More broadly, since World War II, the United States has been a superpower and one certainly would say, I think, the superpower in the world. The world is a better place when that situation is so. I believe Western values and customs and respect for individual rights and the rule of law matter. If we want those cultural values to prevail upon in the new frontier that is space, then we will have to be there. The decisions are made by the people who show up, not by the people who watch on     For those reasons, which I believe are existential for our culture, we need to be in space first among equals irrespective of what China or any other nation seeks to do. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. Thank you, Mr. Perlmutter. I cannot resist going for the simplest possible explanation or recommendation. I've been very clear in today's testimony and on earlier occasions that I very much admired the authorization bills of 2005 and 2008, which this Congress passed and frankly were originated in this Committee. The 2010 bill was also a good bill.    When proposals are made by the executive branch that conflict with the existing law, why does Congress go along? I have to say, had Congress merely made it extraordinarily clear to the incoming Administration that while that Administration had many problems before it, space was not one of those problem, that the Congress had decided upon the space plan, the space policy of the United States, and that policy would be kept. Had that been communicated, we would not be sitting here having this hearing today.    I said earlier in my testimony that I've regarded the Congress as the long-term body of stability if you will in the political system to capture the desire that Americans generally have for a particular course of action, to capture that in legislation, and to preserve it. If we treated our Navy the way that we treat NASA in terms of stability, we would not be able to project power upon the oceans the way that we do.    It takes as long to build an aircraft carrier as it took to go to the moon even when people are really working hard at it. If we decided with every incoming Administration whether we were going to preserve aircraft carriers, the United States would have none.    So I'll simplify my comments. The first recommendation I would have would be let us again, as we did after the loss of Columbia, decide as a nation what we want to see accomplished in space. Let us, as we did after Columbia, codify that into law. And then let us obey the law.    Mr. Griffin. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Griffin. I'm not fighting that.    Mr. Griffin. Well, sir, I don't know that they would have been because Administrators and appointees take orders from the chief executive.    Mr. Griffin. If the chief executive really wanted to change the space program, then I would have had the choice of either following orders or resigning. Had I been given the orders that my successor was given, I would have resigned because I thought, as I said now multiple times, I thought that the direction of Congress in 2005 and '08 was extraordinarily good. I believed we were on the right path and should maintain it. Therefore, if ordered to deviate from that path, I would not have remained.    I think, again, the issue--I have no objection to considering a five-year term, a six-year term, an eight-year term, whatever length of term for the Administrator, nor do I have any objection with the way it's done today. I think these kinds of discussions are a symptom of the problem we face, which is a lack of understanding at the top levels of government of the importance of our space program and the need to have both a quality program and stability of that program.    I'll use another analogy. If we treated the Air Force as we do the space program, we wouldn't have any flying aircraft. We would--we cannot decide every few years what we want the purpose of the space program to be. We have to have a societal-level agreement as to that purpose and then let our appointed officials carry it out. And it almost doesn't make any difference to me how they are appointed or what their term is. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. Well, thank you, Dr. Babin. I love that question. I believe that if God had wanted us to go to Mars, he would have given us a moon to practice on.    Colonel Collins made the remark earlier--I'm not trying to quote her, but to the general effect that learning how to live on--in space and on another planetary surface would transfer directly to learning how to go to Mars, and I believe that to be the case.    As in--I'll summarize by saying, as an engineer, if you wanted me to say when we're ready to go to Mars, if you will, like the head of naval submarines certifying a submarine for sea trials, then I'll say you're ready to go to Mars when you can put a crew on the International Space Station for six months, and they have to live there without any further help from the ground. Then, they get ferried to the moon and they live on the surface of the moon in 1/6 gravity for 13 months. And then you bring them back and you let them live on the space station again for six more months in zero G. and during all this time they get no additional help beyond that which was preprinted on the surface of the moon or on the station. So that ends up being a total of about a 26-month cycle for that crew.    When we can do that and the crew is still alive and healthy, then we're ready to go to Mars and not before.    Mr. Griffin. Well, as I pointed out in my testimony, the first commercial cargos for carriage to the International Space Station were signed under my tenure, so I'm a strong supporter of the utilization of commercial space purveyors in our strategic plans.    That said, I think we've maybe a bit drifted off the path. When I use the term commercial to describe an enterprise, I'm talking about an enterprise such as I've run in the past where you have to raise your own money, develop your own product, bring it to the market, and then you sell it for every dime that you can get. I'm not talking about enterprises where the government has to invest the lion's share of the money in order to earn the right to buy a ticket.    And if the public record is examined, I think that you'll see that in recent years in our so-called commercial space portfolio, that's what happened. The lion's share of the money has come from government. In fact, I'm not sure there's a share that the lion didn't have.    So these types of arrangements I would call private-public partnerships, and I'm not always certain that we're getting the best deal on the public side of those partnerships, and I think we need to look carefully at it.    The second thing that I would observe is if we have--if we were to be so fortunate as to have again a national strategic plan for what we want to do in space, it certainly should include as much contribution as commercial space providers can offer. But they need to offer what it is that the government wants to buy. It's not our purpose in government to figure out what our space program should look like so that commercial providers can sell what they want to sell. And again, I would say that the experience of recent years offers some guidelines in that regard. So I'll just leave it at that. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Griffin. If I could make a comment, I don't think we'll find out if there's a market until we try.    Mr. Griffin. I would echo Colonel Collins' comments about value--the longer-term value of the space station. I have to add, I think it's really shocking to be considering that after the multi-decade and multi-tens of billions of dollar investment in the space station that now we're talking about what date we're going to reenter it into the Indian Ocean. I cannot think of another example of a large laboratory investment or a large facility investment that the day it's completed we start figuring out when we're going to tear it down.    If the government cannot find suitable uses for a laboratory in space, then I would echo Colonel Collins' comment. Maybe we should consider turning it over to a private entity and seeing what they could sell space on the space station for.    Mr. Griffin. That was Skylab, sir----    Mr. Griffin. --and yes, we did. We have an unfortunate record of not preserving our capital assets in space.    Mr. Griffin. It reentered in 1979.    Mr. Griffin. I'm sorry. Was that for me or for Colonel Collins?    Mr. Griffin. Well, I do. I do have concerns about that. I had to--one of the key things for which I was responsible for when I was Administrator was preparing with all of my staff a detailed budget, and it was something that we paid close attention to because, of course, it had to go from us to the OMB, where we would have to defend it to the OMB, and then it would come from the President's budget submission to Congress and we would have to defend it to the Congress. And I didn't want anything in it that I didn't support and didn't agree with.    It would be, I think, very difficult as a practical matter to support that exercise and then to have a similar but in some ways different budget coming from an independent board. I would wonder where they would get their information. If their information came from NASA, as it almost must, then really how would it be different than the budget the Administrator prepares other than they have different priorities. But I can ask any group of people what your priorities are, and they're as, you know, likely to be different. So I would have concerns about that approach.    Mr. Griffin. But equally, sir, I must conclude by stating that anything which can be done to ameliorate and control the influence of the OMB on the process would be welcome. I mean, the OMB is a haven for largely unelected, un-appointed, not-very-well-qualified staff who seek to exercise a level of power and control in their area that their accomplishments have not earned.    Mr. Griffin. You know, that's really too bad. So anything which can be done by the Congress to ensure stable budgeting of appropriate projects, I think, would be a good thing. I'm not sure that the Board-of-Directors approach is that method. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. Well, sir, as we talked earlier, I think the Space Leadership Preservation Act might be one tool to achieve that constancy of purpose, but it's just a tool. If the Congress at large can codify into law a space policy for the United States that its citizens support and the space community supports and that we want to do as a society, that is the crucial step.    Mr. Griffin. Yes. Yes, sir. And I will remind you, if that sounds a hopeless task, I was here.    Mr. Griffin. But we did this in 2003 and '04 following the loss of Columbia, and for a two-year period, I myself participated in four hearings in both House and Senate, along with many, many other people, and these things were thrashed out, and we emerged from that period with a good plan.    Mr. Griffin. I couldn't agree more with your comments, sir. I could not agree more. And the longer-term and larger the project is, the more that lack of consistency of purpose affects it. If I have a discovery program, a small satellite mission program to another planet that costs $500 million and can be done in three or four or five years, then, no, such a program would not be much affected.    If we're talking about recreating a new heavy lift launch vehicle, as we are with the Space Launch System that Colonel Collins mentioned earlier today, well, that is a multiyear proposition and a multi-billion-dollar proposition, and it needs to be sustained or not done at all.    Mr. Griffin. Well, it would be nice to say that NASA's systems and programs could be easily adapted to changing priorities. I don't think it's very realistic. It's one of those things that everyone would like but is pretty hard to do. When it takes five or six or seven or eight years to accomplish a great thing, if the priorities change in the meantime, you know, you're left hanging. And----    Mr. Griffin. That's----    Mr. Griffin. Exactly, sir. It costs more money and you don't get the product out in the end. I thought Mary Lynne's op-ed was very well done. She's far more articulate than I am, and I was glad to see such an op-ed in Space News.    Mr. Griffin. Well, in my time we were still working on trying to do two things. We were working on completing the International Space Station because only 1/3 of it was finished when the shuttle went down, and so the first questions I faced almost immediately after my confirmation hearing back in the spring of 2005 were from our partners. Are you really going to stick with this? Are you going to see it through?    And following the loss of Columbia, we knew that we were not going to be able to have as many shuttle flights as we had previously planned, so we had at that time to cut back somewhat our--what we called our utilization flights in order to prioritize assembly. And I committed--with the backing of then-President Bush, I committed that the United States would finish the station. And the sighs of relief were palpable. So I'm answering your question by my experience is what they want to know is are you going to see it through?    Mr. Griffin. When we asked them--the second thing we were doing--per our instructions from the White House Congress, the second thing we were doing was embarking on a plan for human lunar return. And the written words in the policy said that we would do it in company with our international partners, so it became my job to put that partnership together.    The first question they asked is, are you really serious? And at first they didn't really believe it. As several years went by, they did believe it, and by early 2009, they were fully in support of returning to the moon. And in the next year we cancelled. I had--I was of course gone from Washington by then, but I had phone calls from all over the world.    Eileen made the comment earlier that the NASA Advisory Council did not receive any information prior to the cancellation of Constellation, that it would happen. Well, you can take that and square it for our international partners who woke up on a Tuesday morning to find out that the lunar program they thought they were a part of was gone.    I know I'm overstaying my time and yours, but I must conclude this question with a story that I think is sad for what it conveys. In the spring of 2010 I happened to be down at Cape Canaveral and having dinner at one of my favorite restaurants down there over the years, and a waiter, an immigrant from Italy who knew me well, came over to my table and said, Dr. Griffin, he said, what is this I hear they're cancelling the moon program? And I said, yes, that's true. And in typical Italian fashion, he starts waving his arms and saying I came to this country because you were the people who can build space shuttles and build space stations and go to the moon, he said, and now you're not? He says what is it with these people? Do they not know what it means to be a superpower? And I will never forget that conversation. That is what people from other countries think of us when we start and stop. Thank you.    Mr. Griffin. Well, sir, the way that I would characterize that--and that's a superlative question. And when we talk about critical path, we have to understand what we mean. Certainly, our international partners in terms of our lunar program were--I'll use the quote on the critical path for a lunar base because the United States certainly wasn't going to build everything we needed for a human outpost on the moon, far from it.    When I say that it's a good idea to keep partners off the critical path--and that may apply as well internally to the country as externally--a given piece of hardware, a given mission support function should probably, as best you can, be confined to one entity. So we were going to build the heavy lift rocket. Maybe the habitat would be furnished by the European Space Agency. Maybe a laboratory would come from Japan, something like that. Maybe the power system would come from France, which is, you know, as you know, 80 percent nuclear in--domestically.    So my comments about critical path have I think in the past often been misinterpreted. When we're doing international programs, we need everybody's contribution. I don't want to build a car by having, you know, the tires come from one manufacturer and the engine from--I think you get my point.