    Mr. Kovacs. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kovacs. Thank you, Chairman Marino and Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Committee for inviting me here today to testify on H.R. 348, currently known as RAPID, which addresses permit streamlining, and H.R. 712, which we refer to as the Sunshine Act, and that would bring transparency to the sue and settle process which enables interest groups to set agency priorities.    When we discuss regulatory reform it is usually about Federal agency accountability, transparency, public participation and efficiency, but one of the points that we've been making lately is regulatory reform is also about Article I of the Constitution and Congress' ability to hold agencies accountable for the intent of Congress.    The primary goal of RAPID is to bring good management practices, and I repeat that just good management practices, to the process of issuing infrastructure permits by requiring Federal agencies to do a few simple things. One, designate a lead agency to coordinate and manage the environmental review process within specified time frames. Two, manage Federal and State environmental reviews concurrently rather than sequentially. And three, establish a 6-month statute of limitations for bringing suit against the project, a time period Congress has similarly set for legal challenges in Federal construction projects and water construction projects.    Passage of RAPID is essential if this Nation is to foster job creation. RAPID does not and I want to repeat this, does not mandate that any particular project be built, but it does require Federal agencies to provide the developer with a decision within a fixed period of time. Moreover, when RAPID was deployed in transportation construction projects in SAFETEA-LU, it cut the time to complete a NEPA statement from 73 months to 37 months. The concept of permit streamlining has been supported in various amendments in the House and the Senate by the Administration and by Senators as diverse as Boxer and Barrasso and governors across the Nation. This is a bipartisan issue that this Congress should be capable of enacting.    Turning now to H.R. 712, the Sunshine Act, this addresses the issue of sue and settle, a situation which occurs when an agency agrees to the demands of an interest group by voluntarily entering into a court approved consent decree. The process has resulted in over 100 regulations being issued in the last 5 years, many of them imposing costs over a $1 billion per regulation.    The Sunshine Act and I am going to use the word merely again, the Sunshine Act, merely requires that an agency seek public comment from the public prior to the filing of a consent decree and provide the comments to the court.    Second, it allows interested parties to seek to intervene if they can establish that their rights are not being adequately protected.    The Chambers' interest in these issues grew out of the fact that the regulations were being imposed both on States and our members as a result of settlements that they had no knowledge of. We discovered that neither EPA nor the Department of Justice even maintained a database of such lawsuits but we were assured there were very few. We therefore undertook the research that culminated with a very extensive inventory of sue and settle amendments and it lists well over 100 new regulations that have resulted in the last 6 years from sue and settle agreements.    Bringing a management process to the issuance of permits, a management process, none of the substances changed. And bringing transparency to the filing of consent decrees that are going to bind the agency for years can only describe as good government, I'm sure I'll have some questions on it. Thank you very much.    Mr. Kovacs. Well, that's an excellent question, thank you. One of the things that RAPID does and it----    Mr. Kovacs. Savannah River, what happens in RAPID is by putting a time limit on it, 2 years, 3 years, whatever it is, a decision has to be made so that the developer can either decide to stay or go. One of the things----    Mr. Kovacs. Well, for the environmental impact statement. I mean, for example, if you can't get through the environmental review process, you're not even going to even seek a permit.    Mr. Kovacs. Yeah, RAPID does not change any substantive law. What it does----    Mr. Kovacs. Well, it sets up timeframes of 2 years or 3 years, depending upon how it is, and then it sets up--if the project is approved, it sets up the 6 months statute of limitations like you did in SAFETEA-LU and MAP-21 and the WRDA bill.    So as I understand what the Committee's trying to do with this legislation is to take existing structures that have worked, like SAFETEA-LU, that's been here now for 7, 8 years. It's worked. There have been no problems. It incorporated it in MAP-21, and it incorporated it in WRDA, and they're trying to put the timeline on it for the very simple reason----    Mr. Kovacs . That the developer's spending hundreds of millions of dollars just developing a project.    Mr. Kovacs. No. That's not correct. If it's----    Mr. Kovacs. Well, I don't think we know how many jobs would be created by this because projects are going on and off the books all the time, but what we did do is in Project No Project we looked at a series of projects that were seeking to get a permit over a 1-year time period, and there were 351 projects that produced electricity, and we picked that because we could get good records on it, and as the Chairman had stated in his initial--in his initial statement, it was roughly about a 1.9 million jobs on 351 projects and about a billion dollars--$600 billion in investment.    Mr. Kovacs. Sure. Well, first of all, I'm honored to get your first question. So I thank you very much.    The issue with social--first of all, I don't know how it even got in the bill. I think was an amendment so----    Mr. Kovacs. Because it wasn't in the original bill.    I think that the issue, and I'm just talking about from the outside, that it's been used roughly by 62 times, and I don't think anyone has a problem with that, but it's never gone through either the Data Quality Act peer review or any type of the public comment, and I think that if you could work out a way in which to send it through public comment so people know what the assumptions are that they're using and how it's being factored in, that the way it is now is it could be set at $5 or it could be set at 50 or 100.    Mr. Kovacs. No. Because it's more of a--I think it's more of an economic issue, and there may be ways in which the agency that uses it could do it. I think it's easy, and we'd be--I mean, that's one we would----    Mr. Kovacs. I didn't even--really, until today I didn't even know it was in the bill.    Mr. Kovacs. Yes. I mean, all of the--all of the problems, all of environmental commitments and all of the permit requirements have to be complied with. There is--there is no substantive change anywhere in Federal law. This is purely--and I keep on saying this--this is purely a management bill where you have a lead agency coordination with the states, and you have some timeframes, and that's all this bill does.    And if you look at what CEQ is doing, the President's executive orders, what they've done in the Senate on safety, the Republicans and the Democrats have been on the same side of the page on this type of an issue for a while.    Mr. Kovacs. No. It doesn't do anything to the substance.