    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and the ranking member, for your courtesy this morning and for holding this hearing. I want to thank the witnesses for your help in addressing this issue.    Ms. Barr, there has been a lot of discussion up to now about Secretary Clinton and her use of personal email for official business. It's my understanding from the documents that we have here that Secretary Rice, Condoleezza Rice, did not use a personal email account for official business. Is that right?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. How about Secretary of State Colin Powell? In his autobiography he admits that he used his personal email account for official business all the time. I have a great quote here. He says, and this is a quote from former Secretary of State Colin Powell: ``To complement the official State Department computer in my office, I installed a laptop computer on a private line. My personal email account on the laptop allowed me direct access to anyone online. I started shooting emails to my principal assistants, to individual ambassadors, and increasingly to my foreign minister colleagues who, like me, were trying to bring their ministries into the 186,000-mile-per-second world, the speed of light.''    So do we have any emails from Secretary Powell?    Mr. Lynch. There was some critical decisions made. His speech before the U.N. About the existence of weapons of mass destruction, we don't have any emails regarding that decision and how those statements were made?    Mr. Lynch. Yeah. Okay. You know, this is troubling because it seems like in the case of Secretary Clinton the way people handled their emails, at least it's been suggested, that really determined her fitness of whether or not she can be President. That's basically the statement that's being made today.    And I'm puzzled because Secretary Rice did not perform in that manner, Secretary Colin Powell did not perform in that manner, and I'm just wondering if we have a uniform standard here. It doesn't seem from the Federal Records Act that it requires people to not use personal email.    Mr. Lynch. Right. I appreciate that. Let me just say--I only have a little bit of time left here--it's my understanding that former Secretary Clinton delivered about 55,000 pages in emails.    Mr. Lynch. Yeah. Have any of the other Secretaries of State, during your time, and you've been there a while, Secretary Rice, Secretary Colin Powell?    Mr. Lynch. All right. That's about my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.