    Mr. Lieu. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me first say I've read the biographies of the witnesses today, and all of you could be making a lot more money in the private sector, so thank you for your public service.    I do have a question for Mr. Halvorsen. The GAO identified a 53-year-old legacy system in the Department of Defense known as the Strategic Automated Command and Control System. This system coordinates operational functions of the United States of nuclear forces, such as intercontinental ballistic missiles and nuclear bombers. Is that correct?    Mr. Lieu. All right, what does the system do?    Mr. Lieu. The reason you cannot talk more is because the rest is classified?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. This system is still running on IBM Series 1 computer, which is in 1970s computing system, according to the GAO, and written in Assembly language code. The GAO also reports that the system currently uses 8-inch floppy disks, which are a 1970s-era storage device. Is that accurate, sir?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. So this system also, as I think you noted, sends and receives emergency action messages to nuclear forces. Is that correct?    Mr. Lieu. I got that, but it does send and receive emergency action messages to nuclear forces.    You would agree that our nuclear forces are pretty darn important?    Mr. Lieu. Okay. You had in your testimony earlier today said that the Department of Defense is not of balance with other private sector companies, and that your priorities are right. Are you aware of any other successful private sector company that uses 8-inch floppy disks?    Mr. Lieu. Why are you fixing it at all, if it is not as important as you say it is, if it is just this classified system you cannot even really talk about for nuclear forces?    Mr. Lieu. And it'll be done by year 3?    Mr. Lieu. Okay, thank you, sir.    So, Ms. Killoran, I have a question for you about another system the GAO identified. It is the Health and Human Services Medicare appeals system. Can you explain what that is?    Mr. Lieu. And a fair number of Americans have Medicare appeals, and the system helps them?    Mr. Lieu. And the system also helps respond to congressional inquiries, correct?    Mr. Lieu. Do you have any plans to update that legacy system?    Mr. Lieu. So your view is the system is working currently, and there is no need to upgrade it?    Mr. Lieu. Thank you.    Let me conclude by thanking Ranking Member Cummings and Chairman Chaffetz for holding this hearing, and I want to thank the ranking member for his support of the IT modernization bill, which I'm a co-author of as well, and hopefully we can get that through.    With that, I yield back.