    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to first of all echo the sentiments of Mr. Thompson that you are indeed a breath of fresh air. We have spent a lot of time together in the last few days and since you have come on-board and I think you are exactly what TSA needs at this time.    I also echo the sentiments of Mr. Rogers that there are a lot of problems at TSA. But I also--I sound like a politician--but I also echo the sentiments of Ms. Jackson Lee and want to say thank you for the good work that the vast majority of your employees are doing day-in and day-out. You are often trying to find a needle in the haystack and I appreciate the efforts of everyone.    One of the areas I want to focus on a little bit today is the issue of access control. We have kind of touched on it, but I think it is a gaping hole in security at the airports Nation-wide.    Within the last year or 2, you have had a major drug trafficking ring operating out of the Oakland Airport. You had another one operating out of Dallas/Fort Worth Airport that has truly troubling implications based on the briefings I have received so far about it that aren't necessarily public.    Another one, of course, that is very troubling was an individual who smuggled as much as 160 guns, loaded, including assault rifles, on airlines because a worker at the Atlanta Airport carried the guns in bags through the access points and brought them up to New York City. At any point, instead of selling them, if he wanted to do something bad on an airplane we would have had an unbelievable tragedy on our hands.    I think these incidents point out that there really is a major problem with access controls at airports. I recently had a bill passed out of our committee, our subcommittee addressing the issue.    But I would like to hear your thoughts on the access control issue. Should there be minimum standards at all access points of these airports?    I will preface the question further by saying that it is clear from the Dallas case that the VIPR teams that are used to do the random screening at various points were being monitored by the bad guys at Dallas/Fort Worth and they were just simply avoiding them with a quick phone call to their colleagues.    So that is not going to work going forward. So with that overview and those set of prefaces, I would like to hear your thoughts on access controls.    Mr. Katko. Certainly to follow up, there are a couple of airports Nation-wide, namely Miami and Orlando, and I think Atlanta is going towards this, if they are not already there. Atlanta and Miami out of necessity for criminal conduct that was going on there on their properties.    But those three airports, including Atlanta being the largest airport in the world, I believe the busiest airport in the world, are all going towards 100 percent screening of employees.    Now, we hear from airports across the country again and again that is simply not doable. I would like to hear your thoughts on that.    Mr. Katko. I look forward to it, sir.    Mr. Katko. Thank you.