    Mr. DeFazio. I had a hearing downstairs. We should have exchanged rooms, because we have fewer people for that hearing, even though it is important.    In any case, Admiral, I--you know, the SOLAS requirements on shipping, on containers, are of particular concern to shippers in the Pacific Northwest of agricultural products. And the Coast Guard has taken a position that you feel that the U.S., with our current systems, is in compliance, and that it won't require dramatic changes.    They have an opposite opinion, which is that this potentially becomes disruptive because it involves coming to a determination of both the weight of the content and the container. The containers are beyond the control of the agricultural producers, but they feel that, you know, they are going to be essentially having to sign off on something over which they don't have total control.    And there is a good deal of confusion out there. How is it that you know or feel or can state that we are currently in compliance with these new standards? And if we are in compliance with these new standards, then I would assume that there will not be the sort of disruptions that the--some in the industry are anticipating.    Mr. DeFazio. So you are saying it is really a dispute between different businesses involved in the supply chain over what is--what they would feel would comply. I mean----    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Well then, I will have staff here, and I will hear about that, and I may want to get back to you after we hear from the witnesses, and after I clarify with some of the Northwest shippers.    And just--Mr. Chairman, on the issue of ballast water, I think we had hearings on this in the early 1990s, as I recall. And you know, we had heat, we had chemical, we had, you know, using the UV and the exchange, and none of them, I mean, have ever proved to be 100 percent effective. But it seems to me that a requirement both of a mid-ocean exchange and an effective approved treatment system is going to get us closest to the point. Because it doesn't take very many of these things, like zebra mussels or other--quagga mussels, these sorts of things, it takes very few to become essentially a plague, you know, and a significant invasion. Isn't that true?    Mr. DeFazio. Right.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. And would 100 percent perhaps be a combination between both the mid-ocean exchange, which does help, to some extent, but isn't perfect, and a treatment system?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. All right. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.