    Mrs. Roby. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for being here today.    As you know, all regions of our country, from blizzards in the Midwest to earthquakes on the west coast and hurricanes in the southern and eastern United States, our country has to be mindful and prepared for when weather-related disasters do unfortunately occur. And without forecasts and models and up-to-date predictions on the timing and strength of these natural disasters, Americans would be completely caught off guard. So I want to thank you for all you do for our nation's citizens, for the safety and infrastructure and natural landscapes.    Hurricanes and all that are packed along with them, high winds, possible flooding, the usual spinoff, tornadoes are one of the most severe weather-related disasters that my constituents in Alabama's Second Congressional District have to be mindful of during the summer and fall months. So if you can share with me the results and major findings of the first successful launch of the unmanned aircraft system directly into the eye of the hurricane last year, if you could talk about that a little bit.    And then my follow-up question to that is, do you feel that this should be repeated? And, if so, does the budget--do you request money to do so in this year's budget?    So if you could just talk about that a little bit and how it has had a positive impact.    Mrs. Roby. Okay. And just real quick, I see the yellow light. Shifting gears to tornadoes, which also is something that we deal with quite frequently in Alabama every year and have unfortunately had some pretty devastating tornadoes in recent history that we have lost a lot of life. So it is a big deal. And in the last year's appropriation bill you were provided with funding to collaborate with the National Science Foundation and it said, quote, `` to initiate a project to understand how environmental factors that are characteristic of the southeastern United States affect the formation, intensity and storm path of tornadoes in the region.''    In this year's budget request, my understanding is that you have asked to terminate this and it is Vortex Southeast Project. And I can take it for the record, but I just want to know more specifics about did that project ever really begin and why are you terminating it, and what assurances can you provide this committee that you guys are going to continue to really study tornadoes in the southeast part of our country.    Mrs. Roby. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I am sorry, I went over. I yield back.    Mrs. Roby. Well, you get two in a row. So I want to continue with what my colleague from Alabama was talking about as it relates to Marshall Space Flight Center's activities. And across Alabama the impact is nearly 20,000 jobs, their total economic impact in the State of Alabama is $3.3 billion. In terms of procurement, almost 60 percent of Marshall dollars are spent in Alabama. The Space Launch System or SLS results in almost half the jobs related to Marshall. And in addition to that, the International Space Station is managed by folks at Marshall through the Payload Operations Center. Personnel manage experiments on the Station around the clock and they integrate the various components and manage the logistics involved in getting these payloads to the station. They develop systems at Marshall used for experiments in life support and the Oxygen and Water Recycling Unit is just one example of the ingenuity from the people at Marshall.    So back to SLS and thank you for being here today. I know NASA intends to launch the first full-scale test flight by late 2017 and I wanted you to take some time to comment about the needed steps and proper funding in this year's budget request and future requests that are needed to keep that launch date on time.    General Bolden. Congresswoman----    Mrs. Roby. Okay. Sorry. There are four hearings going on at the same time.    General Bolden. No, no, no, because I obviously did not answer it as well as I thought I did. In response to your question, the one thing that all of us agree is that we have to maintain America's leadership in space. And what I attempted to do or what my team attempted to do when we gave this budget recommendation to the President and he sent it over here was there are three things that we want to do. We want to continue to fund our capability to launch American astronauts from American soil, so that's Commercial Crew, Commercial Cargo for cargo and the like. We want to be able to get the three legs of the stool in place for deep space exploration, that's Commercial Crew & Cargo, a low Earth orbit infrastructure, the International Space Station, and SLS and Orion. And the final thing we want to do is we want to make sure that we maintain our preeminence in science, technology and engineering. In order to do all those, my job is to try to parse the funds up that we request to you such that it supports a well planned program to get us to Point A, if you will, which is what you are talking about.    First flight for us has already occurred, that was Orion on the 5th of December, 2014. So that was the first flight in our exploration program, very successful. It was not in its configuration for sending humans to deep space, but that was the first flight, very successful. The second flight for us will come some time after 2018, to be precise. The reason that I say some time after 2018 and we will tell this Congress much more precisely some time this summer when we finish with the next milestone on Orion itself.    You may say, I asked you about SLS, why are you telling me about Orion? Because they are a pair. We are not talking about flying SLS without Orion for deep space exploration just yet. So when we know when Orion will be ready to fly, then we will know when we can fly an SLS-Orion pair. SLS ground systems are ready now for a launch-readiness date of late 2018, so that is in place. We do not have a launch-readiness date yet for Orion, so we will give you that.    Mrs. Roby. What would be the most negative or detrimental thing that could contribute to not allowing you to reach these goals?    General Bolden. Not to fund Commercial Crew and find that we have got to go back to the Russians and pay more money for Soyuz seats over and over and over again, because it would mean that the U.S. has given up on having its own capability to get its crews to low Earth orbit. If we do not have the low Earth orbit infrastructure that I talked about very early on in my testimony, there is no exploration program. It is a program, it is an integrated program, and it is really important for this committee to understand that. We found, Mr. Chairman, that there was a piece of the program we never even considered before we started looking at Europa and how do we speed that mission up. So potentially, and I have to be very careful because the Chairman wants me to say we are going to fly an SLS, we are not ready there yet. But if we do not have SLS and Orion supported by Commercial Crew & Cargo and a viable low Earth orbit infrastructure, there is no SLS Europa mission. I would not bring this committee a proposal that I build an SLS so that we can go to Europa, but I would bring this committee a proposal that says we have a program for a journey to Mars and here is the way that integrated program works. Here are the three legs that I have got to have in place, Commercial Crew & Cargo, I have got to have the International Space Station for some period of time now to buy down the risk there, and then I have got to have SLS and Orion. They are all necessary, but I do not need to spend all the money on all of them right now to get there.    Mrs. Roby. Thank you very much. I yield back.    Mrs. Roby. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Dr. Cordova, for being here today.    I do want to quickly point out I have some family members with me, some cousins of mine from Alabama that are here visiting, and we were walking over--I am dragging them to all my hearings. I want them to see Congress at work, and I have explained this is sometimes the only exercise we get, running up and down these concrete halls in high heels.    But, we were talking on the way over, as I was explaining what this hearing was about, they are the beneficiaries of STEM education, which is what I wanted to talk about today, and I understand my colleague, Mr. Jolly already touched on this a little bit, but, you know, efforts to improve and advance science and technology, engineering and mathematics is a top priority for me.    And in my home state of Alabama, I have witnessed how STEM education can be used as an effective and innovative tool in the modern classroom. I was at a school in Huntsville, Alabama, where the partner with the school, at a STEM elementary school, and they were learning how to make a mechanical finger. It was very impressive stuff. And I understand that in this year's National Science Foundation's budget, you provide a total of $1.2 billion for STEM education.    I am interested in learning more about your new initiative to improve STEM and mainly, as it relates to traditionally underserved students. So, I know Mr. Jolly touched on this, but if you do not mind?    Mrs. Roby. Thank you.    Mrs. Roby. That is great, and I appreciate you taking the time to go through that with me.    My time is going to expire, but very quickly, the cybersecurity has become you know, very important, a major career in this century and many of our youth are fully engaged with cybertechnologies at a young age. Can you give us an example of how, examples of how NSF's CyberCorps: Scholarships for Service programs have allowed students to advance--and my time is expired--to advance into careers of cybers?    Mrs. Roby. To international security, as well.    Mrs. Roby. Yes, sir.    Mrs. Roby. I guess I will yield back.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.