    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I am looking forward to serving in this capacity. Our colleagues, I want to make sure that the colleague who made this possible for me by his retirement, Mr. Moran, remains in retirement, and one of the things he said is you have to keep the quote up. So gentlemen, I will not do this all the time but here is the quote for the day. It is short and sweet.    Ms. McCollum. I do not think you are going to get it every one, and we will see how you like this one.    ``It is an old error of man to forget to put quotation marks when he borrows from a woman's brain.'' That is from Anna Spencer, who was an American educator, feminist, Unitarian minister--oh, you got it. It is sinking in. We are a band of brothers and sisters on this Committee, so thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your kind words, and I look forward to working with you and all the members of this Committee because this bill does fund things that are so vital to our communities, our Nation and to its people. It is our moral and legal responsibility to provide for the health care for Native Americans, and this is something that we all take very seriously. So I would really like to join Chairman Calvert in welcoming Dr. Roubideaux and Mr. McSwain to the Subcommittee this morning.    As we kick off our hearings for fiscal year 2016 budget request, I would also like to extend a warm welcome to the new members who are here and the returning members. I am very glad to have Ms. Pingree here to fill in when I cannot be here because of other duty assignments as part of this Congress.    So as you point out, Mr. Chairman, it is the history of this subcommittee to seek an approach on issues in a bipartisan fashion. Indian Health is an area where we have been tremendously successful and I am confident we will work together in the years to come as we face the challenges in Indian Country. These truly are our greatest successes.    Our support for federal treaty obligations in the past has allowed us to make considerable progress in addressing health, social, and educational needs throughout Indian Country. But we know as a Committee and as an Administration and as Americans, there is much more work to be done.    The fiscal year 2016 Indian Health Service budget request includes $5.1 billion in discretionary funding. That is an increase of $460.6 million over last year's levels. Within the proposed increase, $146.3 million would pay for additional funds to simply maintain the current levels of medical care. The remaining $313.3 million would allow us to expand services and pay for some of the health care needs that are currently unmet.    This is an ambitious proposal, and I am encouraged by the support of the Administration and my colleagues on this Committee for addressing the needs within Indian Country.    This budget request contains $55 million for contract support costs, an area of great concern for tribal leaders, for me and many of the people on this Committee. My partner on the Native American Caucus, Mr. Cole, has been a great champion on this.    While I am pleased that the Administration is no longer proposing caps to contract support, I am concerned that unless we also provide mandatory funding for direct services, there will be an inequity among tribes within their health care needs, so I hope to discuss this issue with you more later.    I first want to focus on the disparities in mental health outcomes and available care in Native American communities, and this is something that we heard firsthand again when we were in Navajo and Hopi country. Native Americans experience post-traumatic stress disorder at more than twice the rate of the general population. Native Americans are more likely to serve as veterans. They experience domestic violence at a higher rate than the general population, and they carry the historical trauma of the Native American experience in this country. Access to mental health and chemical dependency services remains a critical issue I intend to focus on with this Committee.    A study of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration indicates 11.5 percent of Native Americans have unmet needs for mental health treatment, and suicide is the second leading cause of death for Native American youth ages 10 to 34.    So I was pleased to see that the budget included $25 million for the Tribal Behavioral Health Initiative for Native Youth, and I am interested in hearing more about that.    I was also happy to see that the request made strategic investments in information technology implementation, to fully integrate electronic medical records. There is a lot of work IHS needs to do with that, working with insurance companies and third-party reimbursements. I'll want to hear more on the Defense Committee, on which many of us sit, about how you are integrating with the Department of Defense and Veterans Affairs with your mental health records.    So Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for holding this hearing. I look forward to working with you and all the members on this Committee, and as we build healthy tribal nations and Native communities, we build a healthier America. Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just to follow up on that a little bit, you use the term ``better business model,'' and I understand that the tribes have made an investment. It is a public nation-to-nation partnership, and they need to know that they can pay their bills and keep their hospitals open and all of that. But at the same time, we do know that there are many people in Indian Country on the other side who do not have the contract support, who do not have the government-to-government relationship on a business-model level, and they go without services when the dollars are not there. So we need to make sure--and I know the Chairman had a good idea about the standalone account--that we do not with the best of intentions wind up creating even more inequities in the Indian Health Service.    I would like to focus on chemical dependency and mental health. As I stated earlier, I am very excited about the proposed increase--a slight increase but it is an increase nonetheless. But one of the things that we have been hearing in public testimony, and we hear firsthand when we are out on reservations or when I am in urban areas, is ``how do we make sure that there are not barriers to receiving these health care services?'' So what are you doing to make sure that treatment, both for chemical and mental health--and quite often they go hand in hand, as you know, Doctor--what are you doing to reduce barriers on that? Because just putting the money but not reducing the barriers does not provide the service.    Ms. McCollum. As you know, we are going to want to possibly see outcomes on this, and $25 million is significant, but in the big scheme of things across all of Indian Country, it is not much. Especially with the depth and breadth that you cover from patient-centered care, home-centered care versus going out in the community and meeting the youth where they are.    So I would be very interested as this moves forward for you to keep the Committee involved in what these different programs are so that when we are out in the community, we can ask if these dollars are starting to reach them.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, if I could, when you provide information on your pipeline of projects that are out there, if you could break those out for those who are either contract support, those looking at moving that way and those who are discretionary. I really appreciated the comments and the discussion from both of you, and it seems that you have the ability. There are many tribes that are very small and very, very isolated, and so they do not have the wherewithal to even look at being able to do the contract support. So when you bring that forward to the Committee, if you could break it down into those three categories, I would appreciate it.    Ms. McCollum. Absolutely.    Ms. McCollum. Absolutely.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I had asked staff a couple of questions about the Census, so it is my understanding that when we went away from the long form census form, we did not collect as much information. We have gone to a short form. So now it is up to the American Community Survey to capture this information, which is selected to represent each area. So rural areas are probably less likely to do this. So your consensus population number--and I mean no disrespect for you because you can only gather the information you have--is your best guess, right?    Ms. McCollum. And that affects us for schools and housing and health care and all of that. So maybe one of the things that we need to do is figure out how we get a more accurate number of what is going on in Indian Country and working with the National Congress of American Indians or something like that to do a census of Native Americans. So great question, Mr. Chair, because, you know, we could find ourselves thinking we are doing the right thing only to find out we are really short in doing it well.    Could I just ask you a little bit more about the special diabetes program? Because that is huge in Indian Country and it goes to treating the whole patient, to medical homes, and many the other things that you are working on, including youths with the indigenous youth program that the President is looking at. We saw some great success when we were on a CODEL. Dr. Roubideaux, you were there too, and it was a combination of funds from IHS, from CDC, and everybody else working together to make sure services are culturally competent so that you get the success that we saw.    Now, this is, as you said, to expire at the end of this fiscal year, and your budget requests to reauthorize the program for another 3 years at $150 million per year. What happens if we do not get the reauthorization? Sometimes as appropriators, we are very frustrated that the authorizers have not done their job, so if it is not authorized, are there other parts of the preventative health that will help this type of support move forward? Also, is this model going to be used to work on other chronic diseases, to replicate the success that you have had with diabetes?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Secretary Jewell, I join with Chairman Calvert in welcoming you to the subcommittee today. And I appreciate that you and Deputy Secretary Connor are here to provide insight into the Fiscal Year 2016 budget, and to answer any questions we might have.    Madam Secretary, as I look over the budget request for the Department, I see a budget that recognizes the responsibilities that all of us have to be good stewards to our Federal lands and the natural resources they contain. I am pleased that this budget request builds upon the bipartisan commitment of this subcommittee to further the economic and social wellbeing of our Native American brothers and sisters, especially in the area of Indian education. While we have made some progress in addressing this issue that Native Americans face, we all know that there is more work to be done.    It is also good to see the renewed commitment in the budget to preserving and interpreting our national parks with the upcoming centennial of the National Park Service. Combined with the new initiatives of the American civil rights story and the ongoing efforts you have to engage our youth, you are working to lay a strong foundation for the preservation of our natural heritage and our historical past so that we can build for a bright future.    I also appreciate the strong emphasis on science in this budget. Our land and waters face continued and, in many instances, growing threats from invasive species, drought, and climate change. Our land managers and others need a body of scientific research that this budget would provide in order to make informed decisions, as the chairman was asking for, and take actions to address these mitigating threats.    After years of diminished budgets with agencies barely holding their own, your budget request to turn the corner and put sequestration behind us is welcomed. That said, by no means is this an extravagant budget. Adjusted for inflation, this request proposes to spend less on the Interior Department programs than we spent a decade ago in 2005. Less than 2005.    Madam Secretary, I know you share with me the concerns about the impacts diminished budgets in past years have had not only on the resources entrusted to the Department, but also the impact on the many dedicated employees who have been continually asked to do more with less. We can only hope that the Fiscal Year 2016 budget goes forward, that we can restore some sanity to the budget process, and that this subcommittee can get a fair, workable budget allocation that will enable us to provide the Department of Interior with the fiscal tools that they need to carry out their important work.    Madam Secretary, I will have questions for you later on, and I appreciate the openness and the receptiveness and responsiveness that we have had in my short tenure as ranking member with the committee. I want to extend my thanks not only to you, but all the employees of the Interior Department who come to work each and every day doing more with less. And I look forward to your testimony. Thank you. I yield back.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, at this time I would like to yield to the full Committee ranking member, Mrs. Lowey.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. Secretary Jewell, I note with interest that you are requesting a total of $195 million to help prepare communities for the challenges of climate change. We only have to look at the Washington Post this morning to see how Alaska natives are impacted by this.    There has been debate about the causes of the change. The effects of climate change are seen nationally. Much of the West is in an extended drought, as has been pointed out in some of the questions that the Chairman offered up to you earlier. We have grizzlies that are already awake in Yellowstone National Park, Boston snow pack. Alaska snow is to the point where the Iditarod sled dog race was forced to shift its route again. They have been having more and more problems having reliability with the dates on that race.    So could you talk about the work that you are going to do with local communities to address the impacts of climate change? What steps are you taking on Federal land to better understand and help prepare for the impacts? And how will this program also help our U.S. territories that are dealing with rising sea levels, as well as the coast here on the mainland part of the United States?    Ms. McCollum. I would have gone up and voted with you had I known that.    Ms. McCollum. Because now none of us have voted.    Ms. McCollum. I trust you with my life.    Ms. McCollum. I am keeping my eye on you.    Ms. McCollum. Oh, good. .    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chairman, on this point if I may have a moment.    Ms. McCollum. You know, I did not vote for sequestration, but I have to work within the law as you point out. And I appreciate what my colleague, Mr. Cole said about the President being part of the discussion. But we can take the first step to end sequestration. We can take the first step as a Congress to end sequestration. And, yes, it is going to mean all parties coming together, but with one party in the majority in both bodies, I think a discussion between the Republican Senate and the Republican House to say to the President that they are open for lifting sequestration would also be something on which you could move forward.    And, Mr. Chair, to that point, we do not have our allocations yet. We are having our budget meetings. Are we going to reconvene after we get our allocations again with the Secretary?    Ms. McCollum. And for that, Mr. Simpson, I thank you for your service on the Budget Committee, sir, but----    Ms. McCollum. But, Mr. Chair, the point is after we get our allocations back, if we need to, are we going to reconvene with the secretaries and the agencies if what we have is less than sequestration levels?    Ms. McCollum. Yes, if the chairman indulges me.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. My new brother from Minnesota. .    Ms. McCollum. Just thank you very much to you, Madam Secretary, Deputy Secretary, and the staff for all the preparation and outreach you did on the meeting. Mr. Chairman, I will be submitting a question for the record on inspection fees because I want to understand more on how oil and gas inspection fees can protect the environment and keep us from having a potential disaster, which would set everything backwards. So, Mr. Chair, with that, I will be submitting that to the record, and I thank you for your courtesy.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I join you in welcoming Administrator McCarthy to the subcommittee this afternoon.    The Environmental Protection Agency has a vital and important mission: protecting human health and the health of our environment. And that means clean air and clean water for our families and for our children.    The EPA does not exist to kill jobs. Rather, the EPA plays a critical role in our economy. The EPA does this by leveling the playing field, ensuring that honest, hardworking men and women and their families do not have their lives or livelihoods put at risk by unscrupulous polluters. It also provides clear and consistent regulation to tackle complex issues across State and national borders.    In 1990, Congress amended the Clean Air Act so that the EPA could address acid rain, urban air pollution, and toxic air commissions. Through a coordinated effort with industry, State, and local governments, the EPA has made substantial progress in all of these areas. Nationwide air quality has improved significantly and there has been a dramatic reduction in the effects of acid rains in our community.    The EPA succeeded in addressing some of this country's most intractable environmental challenges and now it must turn its attention to the most pressing environmental crisis of our generation: climate change. The effects of climate change are real and they are being felt by Americans every day. According to NASA, climate change is causing drought, increasing forest fire frequency in the west and flooding in the Midwest, and declining water supplies in the Southeast. In fact we are spending more and more money in other parts of the Interior bill to cope with the devastating effects of climate change.    Since 2013, fire costs have risen in the Interior bill by $1.5 billion. In addition to that, in fiscal years 2013 and 2014, we also had to provide over $1 billion to repay fire costs in previous years because the fire outpaced the appropriated amounts. It's raging wildly.    It makes no sense for us to shortchange the EPA or the funds necessary to address the challenges of climate change when a strong Interior budget depends upon reducing the disastrous impacts of climate change. The President's fiscal year 2016 budget requests $8.59 billion for the EPA. That amount is $451 million above fiscal year 2015.    Administrator McCarthy, it is very encouraging for me that this is the first time that the EPA is requesting an increase in its appropriation. With the way that the EPA has been targeted for cuts over the past decade, this increase, in my opinion, is desperately needed. Adjusting for inflation, even the requested increase would still put the agency almost $1 billion below its funding level in 2005. I want to say that again. Adjusting for inflation, we're now $1 billion below 2005 funding levels in 2015, a lost decade.    The EPA has been significantly constrained by sequestration and has weathered furloughs and significant workforce reductions. Currently the EPA staff is at historic lows, equalling those of the 1980s. The EPA's proposed budget increases in other areas are for important investments, dedicating $85 million to addressing the threat from climate change and providing an additional $105 million for grants to states and tribes, so that they can implement their own environmental programs.    I'm particularly pleased to see an additional $30 million has been proposed for brownfields redevelopment. This funding provides an opportunity for communities to clean up pollution and toxins in their neighborhoods and put brownfield sites back into productive use and create jobs.    Conversely, I am concerned though that the administration is backing off its commitment to the Great Lakes by proposing a $50 million cut from the Great Lakes Restorative Initiative. The Great Lakes Restorative Initiative has made measurable strides in protecting and restoring the Great Lakes' ecosystem. As a result of this funding, approximately 100,000 acres of habitat have been protected or restored. Twenty-one Beneficial Use Impairments have been removed, which is almost triple the number removed in the preceding two decades.    President Obama's pledged $5 billion for the Great Lakes Initiative during his time in office--however, I would point out, just under $2 billion has been appropriated. So we're far from achieving the President's target. Much work remains to be done. So I'm very concerned about the proposed cut. This program is one of the few EPA programs that enjoys great bipartisan support. So I look forward to working with the chairman to resolve these cuts. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for the hearing today. I look forward to working with you, to do our part in tackling our nation's most pressing environmental needs. And with that, Sir, I yield back.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. Administrator McCarthy, I have an issue that I feel very strongly about, as do many members on this subcommittee. It's the government-to-government relationship between federal agencies and sovereign tribal nations.    As you know, in Minnesota and across the Great Lakes Superior Basin, mining companies are seeking opportunities to mine cooper and nickel, which has a very high potential to contaminate our waters. For tribal nations in Minnesota, wild rice is a traditional crop with important economic, sacred and cultural significance.    Let me be clear. Without the full consultation and consent of impacted tribal nations, the EPA should not even consider lowering water quality standards for wild rice. Instead, the EPA should be promulgating a wild rice water quality rule across the Great Lakes Basin with full consultation with tribes. This, for many of us on this committee, is an issue of fully honoring and respecting treaty rights with sovereign tribal nations. And I just wanted to clear up any confusion that there might be about respecting nation-to-nation agreements.    Last summer, the EPA rolled out the Clean Power Plan, which will help cut carbon pollution from America's largest source power plants. Power plants contribute one-third of the nation's greenhouse gases emissions, and limiting their carbon pollution is vital to reducing the impact on climate change.    As part of the Clean Power Plan, the EPA proposed two rules to regulate carbon emission from power plants. Could you please let us know if the EPA is on track to finalize its power plants rules this summer? These rules require states to submit compliance by 2016 in the summer. So over the next two years, how will the EPA be working with states to help them develop these plans?    And then a concern that I have is, the past few years the subcommittee has included a rider that prohibits the EPA from using funds to regulate greenhouse gasses and power plants. Thankfully, this rider has been dropped each year. But if it were to be enacted, would states still be required to submit plans, regardless of the rider? Would you be prohibited from helping states with their plans? Because the state of Minnesota is very eager to work with you to do what we can to improve our air quality.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. And Mr. Chairman, I'll leave the Great Lakes question to Mr. Joyce, unless we miss it, and I'll catch it on the second round. Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. I will under his time.    Ms. McCollum. Are you waiting for Mr. Rogers to come back or are you getting ready to wrap up?    Ms. McCollum. I had another question because it comes up and is something I think we would all like to see solved and that is lead paint. We know how dangerous lead is. It affects every organ, it affects the developmental abilities of our children. People want, to shorthand it, to get the lead out. We do want lead to be removed from the environment in which our children are.    But there is so much confusion in the information surrounding the lead renovation, repair, and painting rule. There are testing kits, and certification of who can remediate lead. But people are confused about it.    If a rider prohibiting ``lead-safe'' progress were to be enacted, I think it would really impair your work to certify workers, to do training and outreach, to work with states in doing it.    What the heck is going on with the lead kits? Are the lead kits safe to use? Do they really let you know what is going on? Quite frankly, I think if this is confusion, we need to end the confusion. We need to figure out how to stop this constant rider from popping up when I think there is consensus on both sides of the aisle. We do not want our children exposed to lead.    How can you help us clear this up to stop these riders? Because if they were to be enacted, I think would have an outcome that people would not want with our children being more exposed to lead.    Ms. McCollum. Does the rider shut down your ability to move forward with training, if it was to go on? My understanding is it takes us backwards.    Ms. McCollum. Would you provide us in writing those three alternatives and also where the EPA lead testing facilities are, if someone can mail something in, and what the cost would be to use the lab?    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Kind of following up on that, you just mentioned the increase for replacement school construction. Is that sufficient to finish up the priority list developed over a decade ago in 2004?    Ms. McCollum. Well, I was pleased to see that, so that we have both lines moving forward, so I was happy to see that.    What is the timetable for developing a new school priority list? It is something we are being asked all around Indian Country because we would like to know if we are going to have time to consider incorporating that preliminary funding into the bill that we are going to be working on here in this committee.    I had a great conversation with Secretary Jewell and we talked about how you brought people in from DoD, from the Department of Interior Parks Service to help develop this list, so when do we expect to see it? Will we have a clear, understandable list of criteria that everybody can rally around? I am not being pie in the sky here, but is this going to be clear?    Ms. McCollum. All right. Well, as everybody here has been pushing, as you said, we need to get off of federal time on doing this.    On the topic of schools and counts, another count we have been waiting for is the Johnson-O'Malley. Since I have been on the committee, the Johnson-O'Malley, is pending, it is coming, it is coming. So my question is, what is the time frame for that new count? But then I have a question about the counting itself.    The Census Bureau is changing the way in which it collects its information, and I wonder if we had better census information for Indian Country, it would give you folks here at the table a much clearer picture and help us plan better for all your needs and services. So what has been your interaction with the Census Bureau, and whether it is Johnson-O'Malley or when I had the honor of being with Ms. Pingree at Beatrice Rafferty or whether we are in Hopi or Navajo Country? I mean, the principals there are saying that what you are projecting for enrollment, they know is wrong. So how do we get our counts straight?    Ms. McCollum. But the new form does not ask the question, are you Native American.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, on this point, two things come to mind. You know, Ms. Pingree was pointing out that these plans were from 10 years ago. The principal was telling us that they really thought the count for the children was wrong; that she knew she was going to have more kids coming through that door. The other thing is, if we are looking at 10-year-old plans, there have been a lot of changes in cutting-edge technology, such as with HVAC systems. So as you are going through developing your new plans my happy assumption is, you are taking as much of that as you can into account. Am I correct?    Ms. McCollum. One way.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, you mentioned whether the police officers could afford to live in them. The government and county offices determine what the rents are going to be, right? Did they actually look at the salaries of the federal employees who have to rent them?    Ms. McCollum. Excuse me.    Ms. McCollum. I have been to the Bug School, so I thought have seen it all, until I saw the high-voltage next to a dishwasher. So wonders never cease.    One of the things that I have noticed in some of the schools that I visited alone and when I have been with my colleagues is the amount of poor construction. I am not a construction person but I look at these buildings, and I would not have allowed this to happen if I was building my home doing things with a contractor. So are we allowing principals and some tribal leaders out there to negotiate what is good construction and not good construction? I know these are isolated areas. We build rural schools all over Minnesota. But our rural schools are not falling down like this. So what happens with the inspection? In your report, you note that we do not even return back 10 percent of the payments until it passes inspection. But, quite frankly, I do not understand how some of these schools are passing inspection to begin with in the first place. Now, maybe it is because I come from a union state, I do not know. I know that this would not happen because we use skilled labor. Is it lack of skilled labor? Is it lack of inspections? What is going on?    Ms. McCollum. Well, Mr. Chair, I have got an idea. Let us take some tribal college resources and funds and let's train up Indian Country to be able to go out not only do their own construction but be able to do their own inspections. I think that this needs to be part of our discussion.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Calvert.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, gentlemen.    Ms. McCollum. One of the other things, because we talked about many BIE schools being remote and problems getting bids. So I have two questions.    One, is it possible to work with the Bureau to come up with a list and see if there is a pattern of really egregious contractors, and then not allow these people to bid on things anymore?    And then my second question is about another obstacle that you point out in your report on page 10. Sometimes it is infrastructure that the school needs, water pressure, water pipes, electricity that is reliable. And I appreciate what Mr. Cole said. We are not here to shoot any of the messengers today because quite frankly, people are trying to fix this problem. So we appreciate this, and this is all in the spirit of us doing our part to help. But we need to know who is responsible? Is that a problem? Are you going to thread that together with electric and water and sewer that come into the school?