    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Madam Chair. I am glad you called this hearing because I don't know what the President's strategy really is in Afghanistan. I don't know what his strategy really is to deal with terrorism in other parts of the Middle East. I haven't quite been able to figure out his overall foreign policy generally apart from making concessions to regimes that are adverse to our interests like Iran and Russia. So I am hoping to be enlightened, and I am glad you called the hearing. And I yield back.    Mr. DeSantis . I think that that is me since I am the only one up here.    Mr. DeSantis. That is right. I will go ahead and recognize myself for 5 minutes. You know, the frustrating thing about this, I think is that when the President ran for election he specifically demagogued the issue of Afghanistan and said, look, Iraq is this bad war. Afghanistan is a great war. We have got to do it right. I am sick of what we are doing with this administration. They took their eye off the ball. And I am going to go get that done, and we are going to win that.    And really I think that that was just rhetoric that made him, because he was against one of the conflicts, it made him appear to the voters that he was tough about terrorism, but really has not had his heart in this from the very beginning, and I think the results really speak for themselves.    Now, Mr. Sedney, what specifically in terms of the rules of engagement is your recommendation?    Mr. DeSantis. See, I think our rules of engagement have been problematic for quite some time predating this administration, but this is just totally farcical. If you are engaged in a stabilization, counterinsurgency-type mission, and you have these ridiculously restrictive rules of engagement, you are going to lose. You are going to lose. That is just the bottom line, because you are giving the enemy a huge advantage when you are talking about engaging in the conflict. And why would we want to cede to the bad actors in the area, these huge advantages by having these, yes, not just restrictive, and I think as you point out, very complex rules of engagement. I think that is the worse thing to put a trigger puller out there or have people who could--I mean, we are seeing it a little bit with the air campaign against ISIS where it is very difficult to even know if you have authorization to strike a target. So this is not the way, I think, that we should be fighting these campaigns. And the problem is so much of it is based on political considerations, worried about bad headlines, and so on and so forth.    And so, I think it is an absolutely critical point that you made. I think everything you said, I agree with. And I would go even further than yes, in this situation, but I think overall as we have looked at the war on terrorism, I think we have had rules of engagement that have just been too restrictive from the very beginning. Yes.    Mr. DeSantis. And it compounds the rules of engagement issue because when you have very restrictive rules of engagement, you rely on having all this wonderful intelligence. Otherwise you can't do anything. You have to wait for people to start shooting at you. And so the premium, if you are going to do restrictive rules of engagement, you absolutely have got to do very robust intelligence; and yet we seem to be failing on both ends. And so I appreciate the comments and thank the chairwoman. I yield back.    Mr. DeSantis. I was in Iraq, but we had similar situations. I mean, part of it is when you are a counterinsurgency situation, you can't necessarily tell who is bad and who is good just by looking at them. They all wear man dresses or what have you. But, if you put our troops in these situations where they have to wait until they get shot at, well that is not fighting to win. And from what the testimony in Afghanistan, I think the problem is even worse than it was in Iraq.