    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, so much for this opportunity and for holding this hearing today, and I want to thank our panel for being here as well. There are many people who have been working on this issue trying to correct the glitch in the regulations, coming up and helping to draft this legislation and make this hearing possible.    First, I would like to thank my colleagues, Mike Pompeo, Diana DeGette, Doris Matsui, and Charlie Dent, and their staff for their support and hard work throughout this process. Finally, but most importantly, Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank the committee staff itself. You have put up a great teamwork together on this issue and you have been wonderful in working with my staff and throughout this whole process. I am truly thankful and grateful for their time and effort.    The EPS Improvement Act of 2016 is a bipartisan and commonsense bill that would provide certainty to manufacturers and resolve the underlying issues of the DOE external power supply rule. In 2005, Congress directed the Department of Energy to develop energy efficiency standards for external power supplies and they developed a definition for EPS devices. DOE stated that the products that were intended to be covered by these standards, quote, convert household electric current into DC or lower power voltage to AC to operate consumer products such as laptop computers or smart phones. And that is pretty much the plan.    Years after the passage of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, new technologies arose such as OLED and LED drivers were introduced into the marketplace. We all know how quickly technology is advancing, and innovation. While the development of this technology increased energy efficiency, it has also caused uncertainty in the manufacturing sector as DOE roped in drivers as products to also be covered.    DOE is now attempting to regulate a product that was not in the marketplace at the time Congress initially directed the Department to set external power supply standards. Both manufacturers and the energy efficiency community agree that this was not the intent of Congress, as LED and OLED drivers were not in the marketplace in 2005 when Congress directed DOE to develop these standards. DOE has continued with this misguided rule despite the distinct differences in the design and use of LED drivers to that of the design and use of EPS.    One example of the differences is that EPS use single stage power conversion while LED drivers use a two stage power conversion. Thankfully, this legislation resolves the problem by excluding SSL drivers for this technology and prevents it from being included in other broad rulemaking. This regulation will not only stifle innovation but inject uncertainty into the manufacturing sector while creating less energy-efficient products and higher energy prices for consumers.    Without congressional action by February 10th of this year, this rule could unintentionally threaten thousands of jobs. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses, and with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and again thank you to our panelists today on this issue. This is certainly something that I have become educated on recently as it affects some of our businesses back home in District 2 of North Carolina. And again I thank you for your expert testimony in helping us to understand what it is that we are dealing with and why. Although the legislation and the actions were well intended, to direct the Department of Energy as again kind of a good problem as technology has advanced so quickly we are finding ourselves in this situation where we now have to modify the path going forward.    So Dr. Hakkarainen, will you please take a moment to, and you did explain in your testimony the difference between the design and use of a typical EPS device compared to that of an OLED or LED driver or converter. Could you just expand on that a little bit more now?    Mrs. Ellmers. This is the example that I have been given as well, so----    Mrs. Ellmers. So again, and I have got mine as well. So this driver, basically, and we said converter, driver, actually does more than that. And so basically it is stationary. It is in the ceiling providing the power supply for the lights themselves, the LED lights.    And so I just want to touch on the issue of the commercial component to this, because to me one of the big issues here is the uncertainty that our manufacturers are experiencing, but then you can see how it impacts any commercial development and the cost as well. I mean, I could see that this could be very, very costly. Am I correct in that?    Mrs. Ellmers. Possible. And I did want to touch on that as well. I know Ms. Amann had discussed this, but basically as it is right now the way that the EPS rule stands there really isn't a way to have a standard test procedure; is that correct? And this will dramatically affect technology moving forward.    Mrs. Ellmers. Correct. And Dr. Hakkarainen, is it fair to say that by encompassing LED and OLED drivers into the final EPS rule that it could potentially, I mean, we are basically saying that this is going to be counterproductive to the whole process, correct?    Mrs. Ellmers. Decreases. Well, I just, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. And again I thank the panel so much for their input and their testimony and your expert ability to help explain a very difficult technical process so that we can create better legislation and be working with our business communities. Thank you so much.