    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman. Nick, how tall are you?    Mr. Rokita. I have heard stories about that. I want to thank the chairmen for their leadership--and I use that term specifically, because that is exactly what this exercise is, it is one in leadership. And we are trying to solve a problem here. And as a user of the airspace myself, I just really take my hats off to the work done by committee, and the language put out here so far. I will certainly have some amendments for tomorrow. And in informing that debate, I have some questions right now.    Mr. Poole, I am a subscriber to Reason Magazine, and consider myself a ``small l'' libertarian, if nothing else. The analogy you made to TVA, the Tennessee Valley Authority, has piqued my interest. When these folks set the rates, is there a board of customers that informs that decision?    Mr. Rokita. Right.    Mr. Rokita. So let's assume that there is. Do you think it is appropriate that that board consist of consumers of the electricity, particularly business consumers of electricity that would have competing interests against each other, arranged in such a way that one segment of the competing--the competitors in the industry could put their thumb on the scale and adversely affect their competitors in the same industry?    Mr. Rokita. But certainly if you have a situation where competitors sitting on the board or not, or just--or someone in the industry who uses--like Mr. Calio mentions--most of it----    Mr. Rokita . Can--could take a competitive advantage, or otherwise ignore another segment of the industry, that would be problematic, from a board governance perspective.    Mr. Rokita. Yes, representing that industry. That is the thing. And if I am representing an industry, whether I am directly associated with it or not, you know, I have a fiduciary duty to shareholders to maximize profit.    Mr. Rokita. Well, I will have to look at that, because that----    Mr. Rokita. It wasn't clear to me----    Mr. Rokita . In a couple readings of the legislation.    Mr. Rokita. Maybe that needs to be strengthened. Regarding airspace redesign, let me run a scenario by you so that I understand this. And this will probably go to Ed and Nick.    If I am chartering a plane into Teterboro, and that is a part 135 operation that is for commercial revenue. I don't own the plane, so it is not part 91. In fact, as much as I love my chairman, I would differentiate: just because you are generating revenue doesn't necessarily mean you are making profit. And that is certainly the part 135 industry in most regards.    Mr. Rokita. Yes, right. So you know, I want to get us off this commercial versus noncommercial, because that is not distinctive, actually.    But let's say we are on the board, and we have the airlines represented, we have some general aviation represented. And all of a sudden we notice that these customers flying the part 135s, for example, into Teterboro with their sales team to make a pitch in New York City could just as easily--or not just as easily, but for that kind of money--buy a round of first-class tickets on a given airline.    And me, representing the airlines, would prefer that. That is what we are in the business to do, sell especially first-class seats. So what prevents me, the way this language is written, from making a motion on the board and having me and my allies--because I agree with that, Mr. Bolen, and you are not going to change me, because I used to be in board governance, and I know that 30 percent is effective control--what prevents me from making a motion, having it seconded, having it voted favorably to say, ``You know what, we don't need that many planes going into Teterboro, look at that line. Forget about fees and charges, but that line going into Teterboro is too long, that is hampering me from getting my passengers into JFK or LaGuardia. Therefore, we are going to limit the number of flights to Teterboro to X,'' and it passes.    And now I have effectively sold more airline seats to go to JFK or LaGuardia, and----    Mr. Rokita. I am over time, and I got to be respectful, so I am going to limit you to 15 seconds, and then I want Nick to respond, if that is OK.    Mr. Rokita. OK. I look forward to hearing more offline in advance of tomorrow.    Nick?    Mr. Rokita. You know, that is the thing--let me stop. I don't want to start a fight. But, Chairman, I would like to know the page number and line that----    Mr. Rokita. Oh, OK.    Mr. Rokita. That is a very important point, and I don't see it in----    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman. As I said before, I thank you for your leadership, sir, in getting us to this point.    When I ran out of time we were discussing an example. And if I was a member of this board, perhaps representing the airlines, what would prohibit me in this language from making a motion to choke of a--access to a general aviation airport that we knew I had potential customers flying into, so as to give a competitive advantage to selling more airline seats.    And then, during the break, for the record, I will mention that group's--stakeholders of all sides came and offered language I didn't find on point to my example. That is, from everything I am reading here, I can, in fact, make such a motion. And if it is voted unfavorably, it then moves to a different section of the bill, section 90501, called ``Safety, Oversight, and Regulation of the Corporation,'' and that is by the FAA.    So this does move to the FAA for final approval, my motion, my successful motion. And--but the problem is it is only looked at by the FAA under this proposal for safety. So that is to say that if--as long as that choking off of the GA airport doesn't adversely affect safety, the language says in section 3 on page 74, ``The Secretary shall approve the proposal.''    Then it further goes on to say in this language, on page 76, that if I am an aggrieved party on the board--not on the board of the general public--and I want to fight that approval and take it to court--starting on page 76, line 11--the court may overturn my motion, the approval of the Secretary, only upon the finding of clear error or abuse of discretion. A very high standard.    On the other hand, if my motion failed on this board, and the airlines, for example, wanted to go--and this--it is not an antagonistic example, I am trying to get us, Mr. Chairman, a path forward here--but if I lost the motion, and I was interested in having that motion approved to choke off, for example, that GA airport, and I took it to court, I get to have a trial de novo. That means the court is not bound by any deference to the Secretary or anybody else, the exact almost opposite standard that abuse of discretion is.    So the scales aren't even here. And I guess what my example illustrates is that when you have natural competitors in the same place on the same board, this is very hard to adjudicate for board governance purposes. And when we are talking about national assets, treasures, really, whether it is our airspace or parks or whatever else that have different users for different reasons, it makes this kind of leadership that is exemplified in this bill--again, leadership that I applaud--very hard to get done. But I am committed to try to do that.    Another thing that was--another issue that was brought up, and I was--testimony that was made I completely disagree with--is that there are no user fees for GA. There are user fees for general aviation. And, Mr. Poole, for the record, he is furrowing his brow right now, and that is because Mr. Poole equates general aviation with nonprofit, non-revenue-generating activities. And that, in fact, is not the case. This language specifically blesses fees for a segment of general aviation that generates revenue, and I would certainly argue not always makes profit, just as Nick says about the airlines. I mean I--so this is a user fee system that we are proposing here for general aviation.    Finally, in my first round of questioning I asked about fiduciary duty and so on and so forth, and it goes to my earlier comment about how can you operate this board effectively with such--with these different stakeholders and users who have directly conflicting interests sometimes--perhaps day to day, perhaps longer. And it was said that, well, no, the fiduciary duty is to, in fact, the Corporation, not the people you are supposed to be representing on this board, which, if that was really the case, Nick or GA or anyone else wouldn't have any problem with how many people were on the board, I would guess. But the fact is they are representing their interests, that is why they are there.    And, in fact, on page 47 there is an exemption that says an entity that has a material interest as a supplier, client, or user of the Corporation's services can be on the board if the board unanimously determines with the concurrence in writing of a majority of the nominating members that such material interests would not likely or adversely affect in a material way the individual's ability to discharge the individual's obligations as a director.    So, you know, this kind of language says that that--those conflicts do exist, and they are real, and we ought to treat them this way and figure out a way, using this language as a base to get us where we want to go, to maintain the safety of a system, to make it more efficient, to leverage the technologies that we have that we know are available, so that we can remain competitive and win in a 21st-century world. I yield back.    Mr. Rokita. The chairman missed my mention that I will have a few amendments.    Mr. Rokita. The chairman missed my earlier comment that I am going to have a few amendments.