    Dr. Hice. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate this hearing to, frankly, examine the accountability of enforcement divisions of the Department of the Interior as well as the U.S. Forest Service.    Before I begin my questions, like a number of other Members here on the subcommittee, my home state of Georgia was directly impacted by the very issue that we are dealing with this morning. Both north Georgia and the western portion of North Carolina were recently the focal point of a 4-year, multi-Federal and state joint operation called ``Operation Something Bruin.''    I do not know if you are familiar with that, but it involved the Forest Service, Fish and Wildlife Service, Park Service, the Georgia Department of Natural Resources, and the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission, and what they were trying to do was to stop a group of individuals who were illegally killing bears in that portion of our country.    ``Operation Something Bruin'' came to a head in February of 2013 with the prosecution of 51 different individuals on both Federal and state charges. Last month our colleague, Mark Meadows, who is on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, but chairs within that committee the Government Operations Subcommittee, held a field hearing in Waynesville, North Carolina, on that particular operation and how it transpired. It involved testimony from private citizens as well as Federal and state agencies.    What was found was alarming to me. Media reports as well as individual testimony found that at least three of our agents, undercover officers, actually killed bears during that, and they were actively involved in trying to entrap other hunters in that whole ordeal.    There were also accounts of our Federal raids--our agents federally raiding and seizing personal property, damaging property that was unrelated to the whole ordeal.    I commend Chairman Meadows on that particular operation, and, Chairman, I would like to ask unanimous consent to include letters from Mr. Meadows to the Inspectors General of the Department of the Interior and Agriculture and those responses in the record if I can, sir.    Dr. Hice. With that, let me begin, Mr. Larkin, with you. Are you familiar, by the way, with ``Operation Something Bruin'' ?    Dr. Hice. OK. Based on what I just shared with you about that, it is an extremely, to me at least, elaborate example of Federal agencies working with state officials in this regard. There were a lot of controversies, as I mentioned.    Do you believe this is a wise use of Federal law enforcement resources?    Dr. Hice. OK, sir. Thank you.    I did have some other questions for the sheriff, but my time has expired. I yield back. Thank you.