    Mr. Yarmuth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, nice to see you here. Thank you for your responses and your presentation.    I want to congratulate the committee chair, my colleague from Kentucky, Mr. Whitfield, for holding this hearing and for allowing you to present the concepts and the priorities of the Department of Energy.    And I cannot resist taking the opportunity to say that, as a member of the Budget Committee, I was astonished that the chairman of the Budget Committee, for the first time in 40 years, did not allow the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to come to the Hill and present the administration's overall budget.    And I think the usefulness of a hearing like this, in which we really do get into the plans and priorities of the Department, is something that could benefit the American people and the Congress, as well, if we were able to discuss the President's overall budget. So I wish that Chairman Price of the Budget Committee would reconsider that and allow such a presentation. And I will tell him how much I appreciated this hearing.    One of the things that I think about a lot, Mr. Secretary, is that, at its optimum efficiency, Congress moves at 10 miles an hour, and we have a world that is moving at 100 miles an hour, and how are we able to make long-term policy that actually makes sense when things are changing so rapidly?    And I think about, for instance, driverless cars and the work that Government is going to have to do very quickly to figure out how to accommodate that. So I can't imagine a field that this is more appropriate to discuss within than the energy field. And I know so many things have been happening and are happening.    So I guess a broad question is, can you think of areas in which Congress really needs to start thinking about policy for things that are about to happen that we are totally unprepared for?    Mr. Yarmuth. OK. I appreciate that answer very much. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.