    Mr. Murden. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Meng.    On behalf of the over 400 commercial citrus growers in Texas, I want to express my appreciation to you for convening this hearing today to learn more about the challenges facing the United States citrus industry and our many small family owned growers.    My name is Dale Murden. My family and I currently grow citrus and raise cattle near my hometown in Harlingen, Texas. In addition to being president of Texas Citrus Mutual, I am also a current member of the board of directors of the Texas Farm Bureau. The Texas citrus industry is comprised of almost 27,000 acres across a three-county area in the Lower Rio Grande Valley. Our growers produce more than nine million cartons of fresh grapefruit and oranges each year, and another 5 million cartons of juice fruit all valued at over $100 million.    Texas is the third largest citrus-producing State behind California and Florida. The total business activity supporting Texas citrus production is valued at $200 million annually. I know this pales in comparison to my larger counterparts, but to my fellow growers, it is worth fighting for.    Currently, the industry employs up to 3,000 workers in a normal producing year, which culminates with the harvesting period from October to May.    My testimony today will focus on two critical and pressing issues facing growers in the Rio Grande Valley. I will discuss the potential economic devastation due to the invasion of the Mexican fruit fly from south of the border, as well as the rampant spread of huanglongbing, also known as HLB or citrus greening. What sets Texas apart from my colleagues in California and Florida is our proximity to Mexico and its porous border. In addition to invasive pests coming from the south, USDA has estimated that there are conservatively over a half million citrus trees in backyards and private homes valley-wide. And we all love to grow our lemon and lime trees and real proud we can do that, but these trees pose a very significant threat to the commercial industry, and when left untreated, provide a safe harbor for fruit flies and the Asian Citrus Psyllid.    The Mexican fruit fly or MexFly is a fly originally found in parts of Central America that has now spread beyond the border into the Lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas. The MexFly is a problem for citrus fruits which are extremely susceptible to infestation. Economic losses result from direct damage caused by the larvae that feed on the fruit pulp. Since 1986, Texas has participated in a fruit fly control program headed by APHIS to eradicate the fruit fly from Texas and the Mexican State of Tamaulipas.    In 2012, APHIS thought they had successfully eradicated the MexFly, but recently, due to continued violence along the border, aging USDA rearing facilities, and untreated backyard citrus trees, the MexFly has been found once again in our region. This year proved especially hard for one small grove operation in Brownsville after a Mexican fruit fly was found in a neighboring backyard tree. The discovery triggered a quarantine and the grower was no longer able to harvest his crop for the year, leaving thousands of dollars of inventory on the trees with no hope for harvest. The problem is now reaching crisis levels. Since January 2014, there have been fruit fly quarantine areas off and on in the entire citrus growing region of south Texas.    Now, while the MexFly poses a real and immediate threat, the recent finds of HLB or citrus greening has growers of all sizes in south Texas extremely concerned. There is no known cure for this disease, and we have learned from our friends in Florida that this disease is deadly serious. Greening was first discovered in a Texas grove in January of 2012. Three and a half short years later, we have confirmed trees located the almost 100 groves valley-wide. With the extremely long latency period of this disease, it is really unclear how many more trees have already been infected. What this has done to growers in terms of dollars is hard to quantify. When it was first discovered in Texas, we removed not only the infected tree but several of the surrounding trees as well.    Today, positive HLB finds have become so widespread that most growers have discontinued tree removal. As such, it has quickly become a numbers game and a point of diminishing returns that keeps spreading throughout the industry.    In a desperate attempt to mitigate the effects of HLB, most growers have initiated psyllid spray programs to slow the spread of infestation until a cure can be found. This strategy is in addition to our regular care programs and has already increased our grove care expenses by almost $400 per acre.    Federal investments in HLB research and ACP eradication programs are also very critical to the survivability of the citrus industry in the United States, and as such, we have requested full funding under two high priority citrus programs; the Citrus Health Response Program, and the Huanglongbing Mult-Agency Coordination.    I would like to again thank you for your attention today on these issues. In short, the United States citrus industry, as you know it, is in extreme trouble. We are fighting to preserve our very way of life and are doing everything in our power to prevent total eradication of an essential industry.    Thanks again, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, and we look forward to working with you in the future.    Mr. Murden. Ranking Member Meng, I've got an analogy about that. My grandfather made his living on 200 acres of farmland, raised three daughters, put them all through school. If I tried to do that today, I would probably starve to death. So things have just changed dramatically, and it is hard to put a number on it, but, you know, I wished I could do what my grandfather was able to do because I would rather just farm 200 acres than killing myself trying to do more, more, more, but it is just a different day and a different time, and costs keep increasing.    Mr. Murden. All of the above.    Mr. Murden. I think it is probably worse, and there are lots of reasons and lots of blame to go around, I guess, if you will. You know, we have got a real aging rearing facility down there. It is like a 1940s Army barracks, Moore Field Air Base, that was back in World War II that is our rearing facility. It is in disrepair. We have got the issues along the border with Mexico. Our counterparts in Mexico can't go out and do the trapping, the scouting, or the releases because of the violence along the border. So we have got several issues going on. The door yard properties in our case is a huge, huge problem. They go untreated while we treat in the groves. You won't find the fruit fly in the grove, but due to the current quarantine restrictions, if the fly was found in the backyard, it is going to affect the adjacent grove from harvest.    Mr. Murden. We actually already are. APHIS is a very strong partner in that, and it actually is kind of a three-pronged approach. The growers have an assessment that they kick into this eradication program and scouting program. Our Department of Agriculture does as well in Texas. And APHIS carries the lion's share. We have just got lots of problems and lots of needs. The biggest and foremost is that aging facility down there and trying to get it in a budget for USDA to re-do. I think the last estimate I heard to rebuild that facility is close to $30 million.    Mr. Murden. I agree with everything Kevin said, actually.    I will put on one of my other farming hats right now. China is one of our largest markets. So I think it is very important.    Mr. Murden. I think with any trade agreement, the devil's in the details. I understand free trade is not always fair trade. I have been a product of that down in the Mexican border for a long time. So it is up to y'all to trust but verify, so to speak. I do agree with your concerns and Kevin's as well on the invasive species and pests that can come across. So you have go to watch it. But the fact of the matter is, we grow more than we can eat, so we need to have the ability to get it out there.