    Mr. WILSON. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, distinguished members of this Committee. I thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. My name is Mark Wilson, and as the Chairman said, I am the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Florida Chamber of Commerce. The Florida Chamber of Commerce is Florida's largest federation of employers, local chambers of commerce, trade associations. And we're focused entirely on securing Florida's future by advancing economic opportunity for all.    In Florida, we create one out of every 11 new U.S. jobs. And as the Chairman said, we're adding a thousand new people a day. But I would be quick to add that the number one concern that I hear about from employers throughout our great state is the inability to find talent. And so what we have here before us today is a perfect match. We have employers that need to create jobs and we have people who need the skills and talent to fill those jobs. I'm very optimistic from what I've heard so far today.    I know our nation has many challenges, but this Committee taking time to focus attention on issues such as generational poverty and on reforming our welfare program, is a major step in the right direction. And it is my honor to be part of this discussion today. In my view, the battle of this generation is between economic equality and economic opportunity. Between those who believe that everyone is entitled to equal outcomes and those who believe everyone should have an equal opportunity at earned success, unfortunately we will always have poverty. The kind that results from temporary setbacks, such as job loss, foreclosures, or unexpected challenges. And the Florida Chamber believes safety nets are in fact necessary to help return families to a productive, work-based solution. We can break the cycle, and create greater economic opportunities for the next generation.    Much has been said about the one percent in this country. The one percent at the top. And I want to put on the record today, I think the one percent can largely take care of themselves. But what about the 20 percent at the bottom? I want to applaud you for focusing our attention on what can we do as a nation, as an employer community, to help those in the bottom 20 percent. That's where our focus should be.    To me and many of Florida's business leaders, breaking the cycle of generational poverty is not only a moral imperative, it's also a smart business decision. Almost half of all children born in generational poverty remain in poor economic conditions until adulthood. And in Florida, unfortunately, one in four Florida children are living in poverty today. Right now, approximately 3.7 million Floridians are on food stamps, and nearly 60 percent of Florida's 2.8 million students are eligible for free and reduced price lunch. More than 3.3 million Floridians don't know where their next meal will come from.    While Florida is home to more than 1.1 million Floridians with unique abilities, between the typical working ages of 16 to 65, the Florida Chamber Foundation report that we recently did shows that a disproportionately high number of those are unemployed. Over 712,000 Floridians with unique abilities may actually be looking for work. So I ask you to please consider them as we forge solutions of welfare to work. To remain at a level of five percent unemployment in Florida, businesses need to create 800,000 new jobs by 2020 and two million new jobs by 2030. And I say that to say that in that same year, one third of our current work force in Florida will likely be retired. This is why it's essential to help every Floridian who wants to find work find a job.    Creating greater economic opportunity for everyone starts with a high quality education. And at the Florida Chamber, we believe that a quality education and workforce development system are the pathways to prosperity that will enable Floridians to compete in a global economy. The Florida Chamber Foundation's recent report, ``From Excuses to Excellence,'' shows that Florida student achievement has gone from being ranked 48th in America in graduation rates, to seventh in educational achievement.    Schools thought to be stuck at the bottom because of poverty and other challenges have proved that all students can truly learn at higher rates. Through higher standards and the miracle of Florida's tax credit scholarship program, Florida's fourth graders are some of the best readers in the world. And Florida's African American students ranked number one in the nation in student achievement gains. Talent is replacing the tax incentive as the most important factor in economic development decisions. And this is a huge opportunity for those trying to work their way out of poverty.    Some people say we have an unemployment problem. The truth is, we have a talent gap problem. And in Florida right now, we have 287,000 open jobs. There's a match that we can make here between those stuck in generational poverty and those employers who have those jobs. In closing, we must focus on smarter public policy that puts students first. We must put the next generation first. The Florida Chamber believes in the importance of this issue, both economically as well as morally. And I pledge to this Committee to be a leader with you, both in Florida and nationally, to invest real resources behind putting a long-term solution, to finally breaking the cycle of generational poverty, so that every Floridian and every American has the opportunity of achieving the American Dream. Again, thank you for focusing on one of America's best opportunities.    Mr. WILSON. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate your leadership in Florida as a business leader as well. And I think that's indicative in your question as well. What are we going to do in Florida? I think the number one thing we have to think about is awareness. The truth is, we, as someone on the panel mentioned, culture. And most business leaders started as a small business. They actually want to grow their company. They want to create economic opportunity for their employees and for people in the community. And I can't stress enough the importance that hearings like this make, raising the awareness. It's the reason that I'm here today.    The awareness that there are people who want jobs and need training and there are programs for those individuals. So matchmaking is one of the things that we're doing in Florida. I would also add, what we're doing is aligning. We have, there are many resources in this workforce system, some public, some private, that haven't always been aligned to the benefit of the person who needs the training and the person who needs the job. There are over 80 programs receiving state and federal money that are not very well connected. They are not aligned.    What we're doing in Florida is through CareerSource Florida, which is an award-winning work force system in this country, we're aligning what the job-seekers need, by training with assistance, with what the employers need. Last year alone in Florida, they served over 124,000 companies and placed over 430,000 individuals into work positions that they wouldn't have otherwise found without that coordination between business----    Mr. WILSON. Okay.    Mr. WILSON. Thank you very much for the question. I think you're absolutely over the target of one of the biggest hurdles that we have to uncover. The people who know the most about that cliff are the people who are burdened by it right now. The other 80 percent of America doesn't know what you're talking about. So to me the number one thing that we can do is to use our collective ability to educate all of America about what this cliff is, and then create a sliding scale where employers and those stuck in generational poverty know exactly what they can expect from their government and from their private employer. This is a mis-information mis-match in my opinion. The resources are there. People don't know about it. And I think it can be fixed by awareness and a sliding scale of support.    Mr. WILSON. Yes.    Mr. WILSON. I certainly will. Thank you very much for the question and for the observation. It's my perspective that most business leaders actually want to do the right thing. And my colleague on the panel today talked about what they're doing in Michigan. Most companies in America are not allowed to do that. You think of lawsuit abuse reform. You think of the regulations. Companies want to do the right thing. And sometimes government rules and regulations actually are a dis-incentive to doing the right thing. I can't stress enough the importance of awareness of this problem.    As I mentioned before, most people in America have no idea what generational poverty is, and that these people are born into this. And most people would have no idea that half of the people born into generational poverty never exit it, because they don't know what opportunities are out there. So whether it's re-thinking the way we provide services to people who are looking for employment--they need transportation, they need healthcare, they need training. I think my colleague actually said it better than me.    If we can focus the thinking to outcome based resources, let's focus on the outcome of the parent and the outcome of that child. And put the adults--everybody providing services in the back seat so to speak. And let's focus on that employer, the parent and the person who's stuck in generational poverty. The rest of it is easy to figure out. I think we've been focusing too much on getting resources to programs and places.    Mr. WILSON. Yeah, thank you for the question. Yeah, I believe that in Washington, we can set a national goal of ending generational poverty in 10 years. And then I think we can say to states and to local governments, ``You come up with a solution that works best for the people in your community, for the employers in your community.'' And let's make sure the resources are outcome based. In our state, for example, we have 20 million residents. We've made it a priority for low-income individuals in Florida to essentially be able to have school choice, through something called the--it's a miracle in my opinion. Something called the Tax Credit Scholarship Program. These kids' lives and their families lives are being changed because----    Mr. WILSON. That's right.    Mr. WILSON. That's right, yeah, it's income based.    Mr. WILSON. And it's a huge success story. Several states are now implementing that. It's related to this conversation. I would encourage you to look at it.    Mr. WILSON. Yeah, thank you. On the subject of education, we also have America's largest virtual school program, called the Florida Virtual School Program. It is so excellent that my own kids have gone through our Virtual School Program. Although they certainly could go to a great school, a public school, if they wanted to. So virtual schooling, school choice, these are essential. They help solve some of the challenges of childcare. They help solve access. They help people who, because of their zip code, may not otherwise have access to excellence in education.