    Mr. Rohrabacher. I am upset at this administration but I have to be fair to this administration when I say that. I have been upset with other administrations as well, Republican and Democratic, when it comes to issues like being serious about human rights.    American leaders can sit right next to tyrants and gangsters and not even bring up the fact that they have a one-child policy, for example, in China where millions of babies were being murdered.    And in the case of Vietnam, you know, and we have a President who can go to Vietnam but can't go see General Sisi in Egypt. That tells us something.    The Government of Vietnam is in no way consistent with what the American people believe is honest government and consistent with any of the principles of democracy that we believe in.    And this administration has just basically closed their eyes to those particular fundamentals that are supposed to be the basis of our own Government. Well, if we don't believe in it enough to bring this up and make that a major issue of contention between our governments, what does that say about our own beliefs in our own system here?    So, Mr. Chairman, again, I always admire your willingness to spend your time and your effort to focus on the fundamental issue that really counts and that is whether we respect the human rights of the people of whatever country it is and whether we expect those governments to maintain a certain standard.    Vietnam is nowhere near that standard and the United States needs to say so aggressively and if indeed they want to make things better we should work with them and try to make it better.    But at this point, they certainly haven't come close, and thank you for holding this hearing today.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Pastor Loan, you were ministering to the Montagnard people? When did you leave the central highlands?    Pastor Loan. May 2014.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. I spent some time there in 1967 in Pleiku or near Pleiku anyway--that little French fort. They have a little French fort over there. I was operating out of there.    Pastor Loan. I know.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. We won't go into what's gone on in that fort now. Kind of interesting what they did with it.    But I know that the Montagnards were incredibly brave people, and did they suffer disproportionately after the Americans left? Those Montagnards who had allied with us, did they suffer more than other people in Vietnam?    Pastor Loan. After the Americans left Vietnam that is when they started torturing the Montagnard people such as the people who joined force with the American force, helping Americans during the Vietnam War. They went hard on them, made them suffer or their family, basically, yes, after the Vietnam War.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I have often wondered what had happened to some of the people I knew there and let me just note that the Vietnamese people sided with us during the Cold War and we walked away and they suffered because of it. However, we can make up for that, Mr. Chairman, by trying to be a strong voice now in trying to evolve communism out of that repressive system.    (Applause.)    Let me ask, does anyone here believe--well, first of all, in Vietnam now do they still use all these Communist slogans? Do they still use the Communist slogans to control the people?    Does anyone here believe that they really believe in Marxism, Leninism? Do the people running the government actually believe in Marxist-Leninist principles, which is the basis of communism?    My theory is they don't believe in this at all. They are just a bunch of thugs and gangsters and they could not care less about trying to create this new man that doesn't have any of this Communist propaganda that threatened the world for a long time, in fact.    So they don't believe in it. Here they claim, using Communist slogans, yet Mr. Chairman, they are partnering with American businessmen in order to exploit their own people.    Now we have a partnership between the ultimate capitalist and these Vietnamese ``leaders,'' the gangsters who run the country and then they have the gall to say that they are Communist when they are exploiting their own people and they are partnering with our own companies.    Now, I am ashamed of our own companies, the Americans who are willing to use a totalitarian control of a people under the name of communism in order for them to make a profit. We saw that in China as well.    I was very interested in what you were saying about the sermons, that the Communists actually come in and tell you that you have to get approval of your sermon before you are able to give it.    I think that is so alien to Americans they could not imagine that that is happening in any country. How can anybody even imagine that?    Mr. Chairman, I remember Ronald Reagan stated very clearly, he said that one of the biggest problems is that for Americans, who take freedom for granted because freedom is invisible. Freedom is when you don't have someone having to look at your sermon before you give the sermon.    Freedom is when you don't have to get permission to do something before you do it and in dictatorships like in Vietnam that repression is there and the people see it every day.    But Americans don't even know what to look for and that is why hearings like this are very important. And let me just note that it was very poignant, sir. You said that you are not allowed to use the word ``freedom.''    And let me note, this is--I am sorry for being political here but we have a President of the United States who is unable to use the words ``radical Islamic terrorist'' and these people know that words have meaning and that is why the regime now, the gangster regime in Vietnam know that words have meaning.    They don't want that powerful word there because freedom also implies responsibility and accountability because you have freedom of the press, which you don't have under this Communist system. And so these things all tie together.    Let us hope that we are a shining light to the world, especially a beacon of hope to people who sided with us when they thought they were going to help us, and thank you again.    I do believe that now is the time for the American people not just come to partnership with this TPP they are talking about.    How could we possibly go along with an agreement that allows these gangsters to possibly be on that commission to decide whether or not we are in compliance with the trade treaty?    It is a total elimination of standards and values for consideration and we should be instead fighting to make sure there are higher standards than just having our businessmen go over there and make a profit from basically labor that is not permitted to organize and from Vietnamese people who are being suppressed and their standard of living is so much lower than elsewhere.    So thank you all very much for testifying today. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for chairing this hearing.