    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just when you thought you were going to go home.    Thank you for holding the hearing today on autonomous vehicles. Next week is Thanksgiving or it is coming soon, I guess. Yes, next week. And as a country, we will put millions of miles on our vehicles. It reminds us that we need to do better as a nation to drive safer and reduce vehicle fatalities. As so many of our colleagues have pointed out, vehicle accidents are claiming too many lives and, as of late, that rate is growing in the wrong direction.    In Illinois, 998 lives were lost last year in vehicle accidents. Tragically, it is an increase of eight percent from the year before.    Like many in this room, I see great promise in how connected vehicles, assisted driving technology, and autonomous vehicle technology can play in reducing the number of vehicle deaths. I applaud NHTSA for laying out a framework that will allow automakers, software developers, and other stakeholders to blaze a path forward in transforming vehicles and making the roads in the future safer. I hope today's hearing is a starting point for our committee, as we consider the wide-ranging policy issues that autonomous vehicle technology touches.    But Dr. Rosekind, again, thank you for your service. Thank you for everything you have been doing. I would like to ask you about the Federal Automated Vehicles Policy released in September, as a few people have mentioned.    It mentions the possibility of convening the Commission to study liability and insurance issues and it also clearly states that insurance and liability apportionment are state responsibilities, as they are now and makes no argument for that change.    What role do you see auto insurance playing in the future?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK. And the AV guidance does a really good job defining the roles of the federal regulators in the states. NHTSA is responsible for overseeing the design and performance of motor vehicles, while states regulate things like driver licensing, insurance liability, et cetera. The goal is for manufacturers to be able to sell, obviously, across all 50 states. In fact, guidance says that states should not codify them.    But would you agree that if a state were to require compliance with the guidance before an AV could be sold in the state, that would be the same thing as codifying the guidance and why or why not?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK. And are you all monitoring what legislative proposals are coming out from the state, since the agency issued its guidance? And is NHTSA continuing to work with states on regulatory policy addressing self-driving vehicles?    Mr. Kinzinger. Great. And the policy asks automakers and other entities to voluntarily submit a letter referred to as a safety assessment letter that outlines how the entity has addressed 15 areas prior to the testing and deployment of autonomous vehicles. Can you explain what NHTSA will be doing with the safety assessment after it is received?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK. So, you kind of have a plan in place to determine if it is adequate or whatever. And then as or will NHTSA hire subject matter experts like software engineers to analyze and understand software updates submitted for review?    Mr. Kinzinger. OK. Well, I just want to say again, thank you and thanks for answering my questions quickly and efficiently.    Mr. Chairman, I will yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you. Next question. With regards to the safety assessment letter, does NHTSA anticipate suppliers would have to apply for exemptions to test vehicles with level two to five systems or would be the safety assessment letter be limited to manufacturers?    Mr. Kinzinger. Thank you. Have you worked with the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration in the development of these guidelines and have you been working with the trucking industry in developing self-driving policies?    Mr. Kinzinger. Very good. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.