    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Director Comey, for your service to our country and your efforts to keep us safe. It is appreciated by every member of this Committee. And along with your entire agency, we do value your service and appreciate it.    I remember in law school the phrase ``bad cases make bad law.'' I'm sure we all heard that, and I think this might be a prime example of that rule. We can't think of anything worse than what happened in San Bernardino, two terrorists murdering innocent people. It's outrageous. It sickens us, and it sickens the country. But the question really has to be, what is the rule of law here? Where are we going with this?    And as I was hearing your opening statement talking about a world where everything is private, it may be that the alternative is a world where nothing is private, because once you have holes in encryption, the rule is, it's not a question of if, but when those holes will be exploited and everything that you thought was protected will be revealed.    Now, the United States law often tends to set international norms, especially when it comes to technology policy. And, in fact, China removed provisions that required backdoors in its counterterrorism law passed in December because of the strong international norm against creating cyber weaknesses, but last night, I heard a report that the ambassadors from America, the United States, Canada, Germany, and Japan, sent a joint letter to China, because they're now thinking about putting a hole in encryption in their new policy.    Did you think about the implication for foreign policy, what China might do, when you filed the motion in San Bernardino, or was that not part of the equation?    Ms. Lofgren. Before I forget, Mr. Chairman, I'd like to ask unanimous consent to put in the record an op-ed that was printed in The Los Angeles Times today authored by myself and my colleague, Mr. Issa, on this subject.    Ms. Lofgren. I just note that in terms of the--you mentioned that the code at Apple, that they've done a pretty good job of protecting their code and you didn't remember anything getting out loose, but I do think, you know, if you take a look, for example, at the situation with Juniper Networks, where they had--their job is cybersecurity, really, and they felt that they had strong encryption, and yet, there was a vulnerability, and they were hacked and it put everybody's data, including the data of the U.S., I mean, of the FBI and the State Department and the Department of Justice at risk, and we still don't know what was taken by our enemies.    Did you think about the Juniper Networks issue when you filed the All Writs Act report, you know, remedy in San Bernardino?    Ms. Lofgren. I was struck by your comment that Apple hadn't been hacked, but, in fact, iCloud accounts have been hacked in the past. I think we all remember in 2014, the female celebrity accounts that were hacked from the cloud, from iCloud, and CNBC had a report that China likely attacked iCloud accounts. And then in 2015, last year, Apple had to release a patch in response to concerns that there had been brute force attacks at iCloud accounts.    So I am anticipating, we'll see, that Apple will take further steps to encrypt and protect not only its operating system that it has today, but also the protection as well as the iCloud accounts.    And I'll just close with this. I have on my iPhone all kinds of messaging apps that are fully encrypted, some better than others. Some were designed in the United States, a bunch of them were designed in other countries. And I'm not--I wouldn't do anything wrong on my iPhone, but if I were a terrorist, I could use any one of those apps and communicate securely, and there wouldn't be anything that the U.S. Government, not the FBI, not the Congress, or the President could do to prevent that from occurring. So I see this as, you know, the question of whether my security is going to be protected, but the terrorists' will continue abate.    And I thank you, Mr. Comey, for being here. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lofgren. Mr. Chairman, I would not assume it was not directed to Ms. Landau, this photography.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, thank you very much. I think this hearing is very helpful.    And just to get it on the record, Mr. Sewell, I mean, you're not objecting--let me step back. If you have something, and you are served with a warrant, you give that something up. Is that correct?    Ms. Lofgren. So the issue here is you don't have it, you've got no way to get it, and, therefore, you can't give it, right?    Ms. Lofgren. Now, if it were possible to do something that would get just this one thing without opening the door to everybody else's stuff, would you have a problem with that?    Ms. Lofgren. Let me rephrase that, because you're in court.    Ms. Lofgren. That would be a different issue than breaking encryption generally, wouldn't it be?    Ms. Lofgren. Right.    Ms. Lofgren. But you didn't do that because you can't guarantee that, which is why you encrypted this phone.    Ms. Lofgren. So let me ask you this: Is it possible, theoretically, to create code that would preclude you from creating a system that would allow you to defeat the 10-try erase function?    Ms. Lofgren. So that you couldn't do what it is you're being asked to do?    Ms. Lofgren. Right. But the question is also, I mean, this hearing caused me to go in and turn on the 10-erase function which I neglected to do before the hearing, thank you very much. But, you know, as you go forward, people are insecure about what's safe.    Ms. Lofgren. And, you know, for example, you don't have--and I think for good reason--what's in iCloud is not encrypted. Is it possible to encrypt the data in iCloud?    Ms. Lofgren. Right. But you can still provide access to that?    Ms. Lofgren. But you could change that if you wished?    Ms. Lofgren. Now, let me ask you this, Dr. Landau: Now, you were involved with that paper that was published, I think, last year.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you. That was an excellent paper. And I think for anybody who has--it's dense. I had to read some pages two and three times to understand it. But for anybody--and actually, I've asked unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, to put that paper in the record from the cryptographers.**---------------------------------------------------------------------------    **Note: The material referred to is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee. Also, see Lofgren Submission at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104573    Ms. Lofgren. If you just go to the questions at the end, you see that this is a fool's errand. We'll never be able to do what is being asked of us by the FBI. It's a practical matter; it's just not achievable.    But I'm interested in your take on, you know, Director Comey said, you know, they don't want the master key. They just want this one bypass on security. Isn't that exactly the same?    Ms. Lofgren. I'll ask the final question. Mr. Sewell, it was asked earlier by my colleague, Mr. Richmond, about whether these other countries have better security than we do. If I take my phone, my iPhone with the current operating system to Russia or China, can they break into it?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you very much, all of you, for your testimony.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, I thank you very much.    You know, I don't know you, Mr. Vance. I'm sure you're a great prosecutor. I do know Mr. Sewell. He's a great general counsel.    But the person who really knows technology on the panel is Dr. Landau. And I'm interested in your comments about the vulnerabilities that would be created by complying with the magistrate's order. And some have suggested that it's speculative and, you know, academic and the like, but is that what your take on this is?    Ms. Lofgren. The theory--I mean, we're moving to a world where everything is going to be digital, and you could keep track of, you know, my--when I'm walking around the house I'm in, my temperature, opening the refrigerator, driving my car. And if that all is open to a legitimate warrant--I'm not downplaying the problem the prosecutors have, but this is evidence you currently don't have access to--how vulnerable is our country going to be? That's the question for you.    Ms. Lofgren. Could I ask just one quick question, Mr. Sewell, because I forgot when it was my turn? And we had asked Mr. Comey, somebody asked Mr. Comey about the changing of the password, apparently the county did it at the request of the FBI. What did that do? Can you explain what happened?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for letting me get that information out.