    Mr. BOST. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. BOST. Mr. Eisenbrey, I do not know your history. I know where you are at now. But have you ever ran a business?    Mr. BOST. Okay. What business was that?    Mr. BOST. Okay. All right. I would question that but that being said, I just wanted to know what the background was.    I am trying to figure out how it is that bureaucrats have the ability to understand what it is like to actually make payroll. What it is like to actually have a small business. I came from a small business. I came from several of them. And quite often what we end up having is we have government that sits here on the Hill or sits in our state capitols and truly does create such burdens on our business, and then they are shocked when they see people laid off, and they are shocked when they see businesses fail. But I need to probably just ask the panels some questions because I am listening to this and I am getting very, very frustrated because once again that is what we are doing here. We are not paying attention to the people who provide those jobs. We are not paying attention to them. We are actually almost talking down to them in the fact that why it is that they are not smart enough to understand that if they just raise their wages up to the point that they almost shut their business down, that everything is going to be hunky-dory. But the reality is that is not how it works.    Now, when this rule was first put in, and I want to ask this of Shea, Brady, and the members there with the business groups, when it was first put in and Bush proposed it, there was a process that was in place there; is that correct? What was wrong with that process in your idea?    Mr. BOST. Okay, so Mr. Eisenbrey, what was wrong with it in your idea?    Mr. BOST. Yes.    Mr. BOST. Mr. Brady?    Mr. BOST. Yeah, and I do not think any one of you there does not want to pay the best wage you can possibly pay, but you have got to do it based on what your business will provide for, and I think that is something that is just being missed here completely.    And Mr. Chairman, I yield back.