    Mr. Olson. I thank my friend from Kentucky.    The Clean Air Act is about cooperation. It is a balance between States and the Federal Government. I believe why we are here today is that we are not in any balance right now.    I would ask all my colleagues to listen carefully to what these State officials will say this morning. They want clean air and will work aggressively to achieve it.    We all want clean air within these communities, our families, our kids, and that is why the Clean Air Act is hugely important, but it is not perfect.    Working together, we can improve it. We've picked out the low-hanging fruit to improve air quality. As we push more improvements, we must go after smaller sources. This provides economic pain at the local level and hides imperfections in the Clean Air Act.    We can provide needed balance to this process. H.R. 4775 does just that. Now, I would like to welcome one Texan with the cowboy hat on the panel, Dr. Bryan Shaw.    He has been on the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality for almost a decade, has been the chairman since 2009. When he does manage to escape Austin, Texas, home of the University of Texas, Dr. Shaw returned to his own alma mater, Texas A&M University, where he is an associate professor. He spends much time of his research--he spends much of his time researching air pollution. He also finds time to drop by the Dixie Chicken for a nice Texas meal.    Dr. Shaw has also worked here in DC. He is acting lead scientist for air quality at the Department of Agriculture and served as a member of EPA's science advisory board. He brings an incredible amount of depth of knowledge to this hearing. I want to welcome him with a proud small Aggie woo.    I yield back.    Mr. Olson. Yes, sir.    Mr. Olson. Seventy-three games.    Mr. Olson. Seventy-three. They won 73.    Mr. Olson. I thank the Chair.    My first questions are for Dr. Shaw. As you know, this bipartisan bill got Mr. Costa from California to sign up on it yesterday. It would require the EPA to review air quality standards every 10 years instead of every 5.    It would also make sure that EPA actually puts out timely guidance on how to implement the rule when they do make a change. It ensures we avoid the mess of the last decade.    Lower standards in 2008--rules to make those happen 2015. Seven months later new standards. That should never ever happen again.    Do you think that these changes in this bill will help States clean up the air in a more straightforward way and more health benefits with this law--this new bill?    Mr. Olson. Is it true too that ozone concentrations are lower when--as medical reactions are higher in Texas so there's no coordination between more ozone and health, correct?    Mr. Olson. Sounds like need more studies.    As you know, last year EPA decided to pick a new standard of--well, they had a goal between 70 and 60 parts per billion. They chose 70. Their advisor said that rule net range would keep people healthy.    Under our bipartisan bill, we call on EPA to give secondary consideration to whether a standard is achievable. It doesn't tell them to set an unhealthy standard but it keeps them available--it keeps that technology available, that edge, so they know they're protecting our air.    Do you think this bill is a reasonable approach?    Mr. Olson. Thank you. And now Mr. Sadredin. Wow. Seventy parts per billion really hurts the San Joaquin Valley, huh?    As was mentioned, one section of this bill deals with what's called exceptional events. That part of the law is designed to make sure that our communities aren't punished for pollution they can't control such as droughts or fires.    But, as you know, EPA does not provide relief relating to certain events beyond an area's control. My question is, Can you explain why this exception is so important to this change for your county?    Mr. Olson. And so you're saying 100-year drought is exceptional. Is that right?    Mr. Olson. Wow. I yield back. Thank you.