    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you and Ranking Member Sherman for putting together this important hearing today and for our panelists for coming to share their insights and their thoughts.    While the world focuses on Islamic extremist threats that are facing countries in the Middle East and North Africa, it is critical that we not ignore this growing threat that we are seeing in other countries, in particular, in Southeast Asia which speaks to why this hearing is important.    The chairman talked about Indonesia where we saw an ISIS-linked attack in the capital of Jakarta with eight people being killed last January. Other countries in the region, also being very densely populated, where the concern is that continued attacks could lead to extensive casualties as well as great damage to those communities.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about what the U.S. is doing to help stop the spread of extremism in these countries. While it is not directly within this region, I do also want to mention Bangladesh, a country that continues to face growing violent jihadist problem. Last week, Nazimuddin Samad, a secular activist, was hacked to death in Dhaka following a horrific pattern that we have seen there now for the last year.    A few months ago, I introduced a resolution calling on the Government of Bangladesh to protect the rights of all of its religious minorities including Christians, Hindus, atheists, and others from these kinds of attacks. We must take action in these countries while there still is a chance to prevent groups like ISIS and their extremist ideology from growing.    Thank you very much again for being here. I look forward to hearing from you. I yield back.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You know, we have heard numbers, estimated numbers, in particular, coming from Europe with regards to the numbers of foreign fighters who leave that region and go to places like Syria and Iraq to fight. Do you have similar estimates for Southeast Asia along those same lines?    Ms. Gabbard. Dr. Richards, you talked about radicalization in prisons which I think is an important area that hasn't often been addressed when looking at this issue. And I wonder if you can speak in a little bit more detail about the pilot projects that you are looking at, if you have seen places where you have gotten best practices or lessons learned and I am interested to hear a little bit more about what you are looking at and what these different countries are looking at.    Ms. Gabbard. You mentioned some of the lack of resources in tracking or following people when they leave. With the relatively small number of foreign fighters who leave and then come back to whether it is Indonesia or Malaysia, are they--do they have the resources and are they tracking and identifying who these individuals are?    Ms. Gabbard. You mentioned the 300 though from Indonesia, for example.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you. And Mr. Murphy, I think you spoke about the online messaging issue and a counter online messaging initiative that is being implemented. Can you speak about this and how they have seen where it has worked and what they are modeling this after?    Ms. Gabbard. This is something that we see here, as well.    Ms. Gabbard. Yes, Dr. Richards.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you. I appreciate you mentioning that. Thanks.