    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Before I begin my statement, I do want to recognize a committee staff member here, Jean, who is going to be retiring. When we were in the Majority, some time ago, I was the Chair of the Subcommittee on Fisheries, Wildlife, Oceans and Insular Affairs, and Jean, here, provided all the guidance I needed. I was new, and she certainly was very professional in her ways. And not only was she a professional committee staffer, but she was my friend. So we are going to miss her.    Ms. Bordallo. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for holding this important hearing on the CEQ's draft guidance that would provide Federal agencies more guidance on considering the effects of greenhouse gases and climate change, with regards to the NEPA process.    I think we all understand, and can agree, that the NEPA process is not perfect. But it has been an important tool for many of our communities to weigh in and voice concerns about Federal agencies' actions that would have potential environmental impacts. I also appreciate the efforts of the CEQ and the Obama administration in drafting guidance for considering the impacts of greenhouse gases and climate change within the NEPA process.    Guam, Guam as an island territory faces very real threats of sea-level rise, ocean acidification, periods of low-quality air, intensifying storm seasons, and invasive species, as a result of harmful gases and climate change. But don't let that change your mind; still come to Guam to visit.    Ms. Bordallo. Moreover, I think it is wise that we encourage, not force, Federal agencies and departments to consider the potential impacts of climate change.    For example, I would hope that the U.S. Navy would take potential sea-level rise when developing military construction projects in Apra Harbor, so they are making long-term and wise investments in critical infrastructure. I think it is important to highlight how the NEPA process was extremely critical in shaping Federal actions regarding the military buildup on Guam. The NEPA process allowed local stakeholders to voice their concerns about the impact of the relocation of the Marines from Okinawa to Guam.    The process helped to clarify that one of the main concerns on Guam was the initial need to acquire additional private or Government of Guam land. The Department of Defense had to respond to these concerns, and took additional time to re-analyze their needs and place more of the relocation functions on existing DoD land. This is a great example of how local collaboration and input through NEPA helped to shape a better outcome of a critical Federal action.    Because of the NEPA process, the people of Guam were able to influence agency decisions regarding the volume of military personnel, the placement and construction of facilities, the impact of invasive species, and the preservation of historically and culturally important lands and artifacts. So I appreciate and support the efforts of the Administration to further improve and refine the NEPA process with this draft guidance of the GHGs and climate change, and look forward to working with the Administration and Congress to ensure that local communities, such as mine on Guam, have access to a NEPA process that better addresses the challenges and opportunities of this changing world.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I just have one question for you, Mr. Clark. In 2006, the Center for Naval Analysis, the CNA, Military Advisory Board, composed of 11 retired three- and four-star generals and admirals, released its landmark report, ``The National Security in the Threat of Climate Change.'' Now, the report concludes that, among other things, climate change is a threat multiplier that makes unstable security situations bad, and bad situations worse, across the world.    The Department of Defense has echoed that conclusion, including, in the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review, and is incorporating climate change into the operations. Can you please expand on how seriously the U.S. military takes the threat of climate change, and how this guidance will enable other Federal agencies to better access its impacts when planning and permitting activities?    Ms. Bordallo. Since they are the leader, Mr. Clark, the Department of Defense, is it enabling other Federal agencies to look into the matter? I mean I think that is pretty much what it would----    Ms. Bordallo. Well, good. Thank you, and I yield back, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Young, do you have questions?