    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Secretary. It is good to have you here this morning.    Mr. Secretary, ESSA requires schools with one or more subgroups performing at or below the level of all students and any school identified in the State's bottom 5 percent to be identified for targeted support. The statute then requires certain schools to be further identified for comprehensive support if they fail to adequately improve within ``State-determined number of years.'' And as has been mentioned several times before, ESSA also prohibits you from prescribing the methodology used by States to identify schools, yet your proposal requires schools I just described to be identified for comprehensive support within three years if they have not improved.    How is this proposal consistent with the plain language of the statute which says the length of time is to be State-determined and the Secretary is prohibited from prescribing the identification methodology?    Mr. Allen. But again, the questions was, it looks like we have two methodologies here, the law versus the rule. And I did not quite understand exactly, I know the States are responsible for dealing with this particular issue, but your rule applies that the Federal Government is responsible for dealing with this particular issue. There seems to be a conflict here.    Mr. Allen. And that is important because obviously Congress writes the laws and, as you mentioned earlier, and what has amazed me in my short time here is, where we have intent on a law, that somehow it gets totally misinterpreted by the time it gets to one of the Departments. So I think it is great to have you here this morning and it is great to have this discussion, but I also think that we definitely need to follow up on these conflicts with the staff and our staff to make sure that we implement this law the way it was intended. And I yield back.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And Dr. Pruitt, I am fascinated by your--I am only reading your testimony, but you seem to be ahead of the curve as far as what I understand. A lot of States have been unable to address how we implement this new law.    One of the things that I was interested in reading, the testimony was how you had engaged in business community. What I have seen, the business community obviously benefits from an educated society and, of course, business communities make their decisions where they locate based on a skilled workforce, an educated workforce.    So, in fact, in several areas in my district, people ask me, so how do we recruit industry? And I said, well, we have got to have an educated and skilled workforce. Well, how do we do that?    It is a challenge and as far as your experience in the business community, what have you seen and how is your business community address this incredible need to get folks back to work in this country?    Mr. Allen. I congratulate you on your work. Dr. Schuler, in traveling throughout my district which you are close to the kitchen in your district, in your area, and one of the things--and, of course, Dr. Pruitt mentioned in his testimony educating the whole child, and I was shocked in asking questions. I said I always ask what is your biggest challenge and everywhere I went, they talked about the emotional health of these young people. And, of course, we are talking about how do you educate the entire person?    Do you care to comment on any issues you are having and maybe how you are addressing that?