    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman. I believe that the FCC has completed that survey, and we are in touch with them frequently----    The Chairman. Okay you were about to answer then. Given your comments in the opening statement that we are still not done, and given that I represent a rural district in which I have an AT&T phone and a Verizon phone, and I am out of contact, unfortunately, often in my rural district. What are your efforts compared to what that survey showed needed to be done? How did the $7 billion accomplish what we wanted it to?    Mr. McBride. With the stimulus funding that we had, we were able to expand broadband into a number of rural areas, and that was a historic investment. We continue to work with the FCC and NTIA to make sure that we are reaching areas that do not have service.    The 2014 Farm Bill instructed us to work with the FCC to update maps and make sure that we were sharing information to update those and ensure that the communities that do not have broadband, that we would get to those.    The Chairman. So we have entire communities or just folks living out in the countryside that don't have it?    Mr. McBride. We have both.    The Chairman. The testimony stated we have six projects yet to be completed under the stimulus program?    Mr. McBride. I am sorry?    The Chairman. I read in Ms. Mensah's testimony that 244 of the 250 projects were done. This is 6 years later; we have six of those projects that aren't yet done? That may be unfair to ask you that question.    Mr. McBride. There are less than a dozen projects that are still working on construction, and we hope to have those completed by September 30.    The Chairman. Okay. Lisa, can you talk to us about the Community Facilities investment? You partner with a bank, and I guess the bank services those loans, or how does that work?    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question, Congressman. Certainly we would be happy to meet with folks in your community to see what we could do to be helpful. There was a survey done of rural businesses in Michigan that found that the annual revenues were $200,000 greater for rural businesses that were connected as opposed to those that were not. So certainly we are aware of the importance of getting broadband out into those communities.    We do have a grant program community connect that might be a fit for the community you are referring to if they do not have existing service. With regard to overbuilding, the farm bill does include restrictions on how many service providers can be in a particular applicant's area before we fund a loan; so we do try to be diligent about going into communities that do not have service.    Mr. McBride. Right now we are not sure exactly how the plan will affect our portfolio because the states need to develop their plans now in response to the EPA's rule. We are in contact with our borrowers, with rural electric. We have a strong partnership with them. So we are trying to watch this situation as it evolves and make sure that we are ready to help our borrowers respond to the end result of the new rule.    Mr. McBride. Yes, sir.    Mr. McBride. You are referring to the farm bill loan program? That program was originally authorized in the 2002 Farm Bill and subsequently updated in the 2008 Farm Bill. Under those authorities we have made 100 loans. The default rate is 21 percent. Most of the defaults occurred very early on in the program. We have learned a great deal of lessons since then, and that is reflected certainly when you look at the other programs that we run and the defaults have decreased under that program.    We have two other loan programs that support broadband expansion. One is our Telecommunications Infrastructure Loan Program. Since 2009 we made 161 loans under that program with only one default, and under the stimulus program we have funded 255 construction projects and expect to have only one default at this time.    Mr. McBride. The number was not intended to reflect a default rate. It should not have been in that, in the place where it was in the chart. It was not intended to reflect our default rate.    Mr. McBride. The program is open right now and is open until September 30. We expect the program to be oversubscribed this year. As the stimulus winds down, there are a number of service providers who are looking to come back to the farm bill loan program.    Mr. McBride. Yes, and we also tried to follow the instructions that Congress gave us in the farm bill.    Mr. McBride. The key change to the program that was actually provided in the farm bill is the reporting requirements where applicants, the applications and the service areas that they intend to provide service to will be posted online; so taxpayers, Members of Congress, whoever, can go online and look at the applications that we have received and where the service areas will be.    Mr. McBride. Congress gives us funding for two different programs that support that kind of assistance. One is the technical assistance program, and the other is the circuit rider program. And we work closely with the different organizations that provide those types of services and make sure to connect them with communities who need assistance. And our state offices do a great job of helping with that.    Mr. McBride. Yes, Congressman.    Mr. McBride. The changes in the Census data can have two different--there can be two ways that can affect us. One is if a community exceeds the 10,000 population limit, and we usually know the communities who are looking to submit an application, and we try to share information on other Federal programs that could assist them with their project.    The other change could be the median household income which we take into account when determining grant-to-loan ratios, so those are the two potential impacts from the Census data.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question.    We have about $4.5 billion invested in coal power plants that may be affected by the EPA rule. At this time, it is unclear exactly what the impacts will be and how the state plans will be developed. We are in touch with our co-ops and want to work with them as they transition into this.    Mr. McBride. I am not sure. I don't want to speculate on what the state plans will be.    Mr. McBride. Yes, sir, we were in contact with them and they developed the rule.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question. We have two great stories, one in Arkansas and one in North Carolina, where they took advantage of the Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan program. We are able to help their customers make improvements, new heat pumps, weatherization practices. The Roanoke Cooperative in North Carolina actually has an on-bill fee that they charge their customers, and the customers' bills are actually lower with these new energy efficiency improvements. So we have seen success in those two projects.    We are working with the different electric cooperatives to expand the program. I think something like 96 percent of the electric cooperatives have some kind of energy efficiency program. And so we feel they will have a great interest in this. We are trying to communicate with them and provide information that they might need as they develop their potential applications.    Mr. McBride. The primary way that we are working with them right now is through the EQIP program and sharing information about that program, success stories in Arkansas and North Carolina, and making sure that they have the information that they need. We have a special partnership with the electric cooperatives. Our agency talks with them frequently and shares as much information as we have and try to help them as they consider potential energy efficiency improvements.    Mr. McBride. Yes, sir, I have. I was there last week.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I would be happy to visit with the folks that you are referring to and see if there is anything that we can do. As the Under Secretary referenced, we want to work with all of our potential applicants in all the rural communities that we deal with. And while we are working very hard to follow instructions from Congress and our regulations, we also want to work with folks to be as selectable as we can to make sure that their projects are successful and see them provide the kind of services that they want to provide to rural America. So I would be happy to visit with the folks that you are referring to.    Mr. McBride. Our water programs are actually run out of our state offices. And so we have state staff who are in frequent contact with the communities who would apply. And, of course, you have organizations like the National Rural Water Association who work with the communities to make sure that they are aware of any changes, and work with them to find alternatives in case their population now exceeds our 10,000 population cap.    Mr. McBride. Sure. Thank you for the question. I would encourage your constituents to start with our state office in Michigan. We also have several regional offices in the various states. I would encourage them to start there, and discuss the type of programs that we have available. And then once there is a consensus at the local level of how the communities would like to proceed, we can meet with them and our state staff to make sure that everyone is on the same page. Our state staff is really the first point of contact because they can provide information on the different loans and grant programs, eligibility requirements, things of that nature, that would help your constituents as they put a plan together.    Mr. McBride. Yes, sir, we would be happy to work with you on that.    Mr. McBride. The SEC released a report earlier this spring that showed that about 50 percent of rural America had access to the same high-speed Internet that is available in urban areas. So we have some work to do. We made a lot of progress, but there is still work to do.    Mr. McBride. In a lot of instances, getting into the most remote rural hard-to-reach regions is very expensive. And so, we try to work with potential borrowers who want to do that work and give them the resources that they would need. But there is a lot of work that goes into that, both on the part of the provider that would go into those communities and with the agency to make sure that we are making loans that are sustainable.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question. A number of the rural electric cooperatives are starting to provide this service because there is a synergy between their smart grid technology and high-speed Internet. And so we have seen a number of our borrowers start to think along these lines to see what they can do to expand broadband access.    From our perspective at Rural Development, we realize that no one is working in rural America in a silo. Our communities will be much more successful if we have partnerships between the rural electric cooperative, between the telecommunications cooperative, and the other utilities and industry in those communities. So we try to encourage all of our partners, and we try to work together as an agency to make sure that we are working with communities to reach their full potential and build out their infrastructure.    Mr. McBride. We have made some loans on smart grid technology, and I can follow up with you on the specific number.    Mr. McBride. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question. I am not sure exactly which regulation that you are referring to.    Mr. McBride. I would be happy to work with your community to see what we can do to help them comply.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    The White House Rural Council actually gives us a framework to work across agencies and communicate and make sure that we are sharing information on our programs with different agencies who maybe can't fund a project through one of their programs. So we are trying to do the best that we can to coordinate at a Federal level. As difficult as that can be sometimes, we are trying to coordinate to make sure that we are actually getting the information to the folks that can use it.    I grew up in rural Arkansas, and so I am very familiar with the challenges that small communities can have, and oftentimes they don't have grant writers, oftentimes they don't have folks who can identify the programs that they might be able to access. And so that is something, with the Under Secretary's leadership, that we have worked very hard to do in Rural Development, to make sure that we are sharing information with people who would be interested in that, and also making sure that we are aware of things that are going on in other agencies, or there might be some synergies and we can collaborate.    Mr. McBride. Yes, sir. We have about, $55 million this year in the farm bill loan program. Then we have our infrastructure program, then we have Community Connect. All of these programs tend to be oversubscribed. And so we are aware of the need to work with other agencies and make sure that we are connecting dots there.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question, Congressman.    The 2014 Farm Bill actually instituted an unserved requirement for the first time for our potential applicants. So for any applicant that is successful through the farm bill loan program, at least 15 percent of that proposed service territory will be unserved.    Mr. McBride. Well, the second piece of this in terms of determining eligibility is that there is a requirement that there can be no more than three existing service providers. That is also in statute, and so we are careful to make sure that we are following that.    Mr. McBride. Part of the farm bill requirements that require us to post potential applications online will give existing service providers the ability to see who is applying, and they can contact us with any concerns that they might have.    Mr. McBride. Assuming that the existing service provider met the eligibility requirements under the program, they could potentially apply as well.    Mr. McBride. We would need to look at their application and discuss with them the possibilities that they are considering.    Mr. McBride. We are required to include a 15 percent unserved territory under the farm bill.    Mr. McBride. I wouldn't speculate on exceptions. I don't think I have that authority under the statute.    Mr. McBride. I would want to see the potential applicants and the concerns that they raised and consider that fully before offering an opinion.    Mr. McBride. Right now, the action has moved to the states as they develop their plans. As I mentioned earlier, we are in frequent contact with all of our borrowers, and will want to work with them to make sure that they have the tools that they need to respond to the plan.    Mr. McBride. Without seeing the specific plans put forward by the states, I would hesitate to speculate on the impacts on individual borrowers.    Mr. McBride. We will be in touch with you as we move forward on this.    Mr. McBride. Thank you for the question, Congressman. That is not a specific issue that has been brought to my attention, but I would be happy to follow up with you after the hearing and discuss the instances that you are referring to and look at that.    Mr. McBride. Yes, sir.