    Mr. Olson. I thank the Chair. A special welcome, Mr. Secretary, on the anniversary of Texas Independence Day.    Mr. Olson. Yes, sir. As you all know, I work for over 800,000 people, Texans, in the still-exploding suburbs of Houston. When they heard about President Obama's proposal to put a tax of $10 on a barrel of American crude oil, they all said what the heck, what is he thinking? This is insane.    Now, a good friend and neighbor in the business said if we impose a tax on somebody, let's impose a tax on Saudi Arabia, OPEC, Iran, Russia. I have to know your role in this decision. Were you personally consulted before that proposal was announced?    Mr. Olson. Were you involved, I am asking you, were you involved in this decision? Not what the discussions were, were you involved as our Secretary?    Mr. Olson. Was anyone at DOE involved in that decision, anyone at all?    Mr. Olson. OK. I see reports that this will increase pipes that pump, the Obama working poor, of 1 quarter per gallon of gasoline, 1 quarter. How do you think this so-called hit will affect these people? Do you think it will be good, bad? Any idea what is going to happen to the American people if this tax increase if it happens?    Mr. Olson. How does this tax impact our global competitive? Are we stronger or weaker with this tax on American crude oil? Any idea?    Mr. Olson. One further question: I have a slide comparing the budget to the applied energy programs, in this 2007 budget, compared to the 2006 enacted budget. There are 17 programs here. Fourteen have increased funds for 2017. Three have decreased funds.    One with the decrease, is the fund for cybersecurity for our grid. It goes down from, let's see, it goes down from $62 million to $46 million, a 26 percent decrease, this upcoming year. A few weeks ago, Israel, their administrator confirmed that a cyber attack had threatened their grid. This week, the first of this month, New York Times wrote an article confirming for the first time ever, in the world's history, a successful attack had been carried out, by cyber warfare, to shut down the power grid in Ukraine. It has happened.    We know the Atlantic, Pacific can't protect us from these attacks. And, yet, you want to decrease funding for this necessary thing to keep the grid open, going, going, going. How can you justify cutting funds in this world environment of cyber attacks on grids?    Mr. Olson. I hear your words through actions, on Page 38 of your budget document, the third line, you decrease cybersecurity by 26.6 percent. It is right there in your document. I yield back.    Mr. Olson . The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Castor, for 5 minutes.