    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your extraordinary work in promoting U.S. foreign policy all around the world and during very challenging times. So I think we are all grateful for your service.    I have a series of questions that I will submit for the record and ask for a written response related to Armenia and Nagorno-Karabakh; our relationship with Portugal and the Azores; international family planning; U.N. peacekeeping; the continued fight against Ebola in West Africa; and 100th Commemoration of the Armenian Genocide. And I look forward to your responses on those issues.    But I want to begin today to speak about the atrocities that we continue to hear reported in Syria, particularly torture and murder and even some claims of the use of chemical weapons. Regardless of the person responsible for these crimes, I think most would agree that they warrant immediate attention by the international community.    I know Russia and China have impeded our efforts at the United Nations, and I am just wondering what we are doing to help push a referral to the International Criminal Court or other things to really hold those individuals accountable for the atrocities that are occurring--happening in Syria, and, secondly, if you would speak to--as we consider the President's request for the authorization of the use of military force, many of us are very concerned about what our partners in the region are doing, what the Europeans are doing, should our Middle Eastern and Gulf allies, such as Saudi Arabia, Jordan, the UAE, and Egypt be playing a more prominent role. Do they have the capacity to play a more prominent role? There has been a sort of universal consensus that this is going to require air operations and ground troops and a commitment not to use U.S. ground troops, but what is the capacity of our partners in the region? Are they--I know we are heard a lot about 60 countries, but what are they actually doing? What do they have the capacity to do, and how much of this will necessarily fall on the United States to defeat and--degrade and defeat ISIL or 