    Mr. Bishop. Thank you. Louie, I appreciate that.    Sheriff Brown, let me ask you a couple of questions if I could, because I think this is a significant issue; and I appreciate all four of you for being here talking about it. I think we need to go into greater detail on this particular issue at the same time.    You talked about how your situation is better than it was 15 years ago. Is that due to the personalities involved or is there a structural reason for that?    Mr. Bishop. So it is the personalities?    Mr. Bishop. It would be nice if we can guarantee that and not just rely on the personalities of individuals involved, recognizing that if you have the right people almost anything can be done. If you do not, everything screws up somehow.    Mr. Bishop. So, Sheriff, I understand that each Forest Service, BLM, and other Federal law enforcement agencies have to go through several months of training at a training center, different ones. Are you aware of any training modules that teach interaction with local law enforcement in these training centers?    Mr. Bishop. So obviously, if we do not have those modules going, the sheriffs' organizations have not had any input into that. That would be something structurally that we could do to improve the situation.    What would your view be of having a national law enforcement review board for each agency that would include not only the Federal line officers, but the county sheriffs that could review specific concerns and policy changes?    Mr. Bishop. OK. If I ask you probably the most important reason why we ``de-stovepipe'' these organizations, if we could do that--that is not a word, but it is the best I could come up with--``de-stovepipe'' these organizations if they would provide better coordination with county sheriffs and serve the public?    Mr. Bishop. We need to try that. I realize we have had a lot of conversation about Forest Service, but BLM has the same situation. In my state, it is even more significant; and once again, dealing with personality, I would like to have some kind of structural concept in there that could minimize those personality conflicts when they do exist, or at least resolve them much quicker than they have--even to the example when we had some hearings a couple of years ago on Park Service law enforcement, to realize you have a couple of different entities, one law enforcement, that only actually the Park Service does not even have any control over; they are all on their own that deal with only three sections of this country.    All those issues need to be resolved in some particular way, so I am glad we are starting this process of trying to find out some ways that we can solve these issues without relying on simply the right people having the right personalities at the right time.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.