    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you to the panelists for your service today and the sacrifice of your families.    On Fort Drum, which is an Army installation that I represent in my district, we have a clinic as opposed to a hospital on post. Guthrie Army Health Clinic and the MEDDAC that oversees it supports over 14,000 Active Duty soldiers and 16,000 military family members. Due to this unique relationship, the MEDDAC at Fort Drum partners with the community to ensure that the highest quality of care is provided to all patients.    So I wanted to turn to Colonel Littlefield.    What are some of the unique challenges you have faced while partnering with civilian provider networks for services that you are unable to provide? And would you consider a model similar to what you have at Little Rock Air Force Base to be as efficient as other installations that have full hospitals with inpatient care on post?    Colonel Littlefield. Thank you, ma'am.    I think the opportunity is, or the word is ``balance,'' too. It is something, when we are looking at access, again, a clinic compared to a bedded facility and what we offer, we are in constant communication with our community partners. Some people don't consider Little Rock as robust, but that is one of the things that I have found. Their civilian network is quite robust. Now, there are some specialty areas, particularly when you get in the pediatric ranges, some of the mental health services that need to be provided, there are long wait times there. But, overall, I have been very pleased with the availability of services.    But we partner with them. We do things from holding provider collaborations every year to invite our partners in, meeting with them, developing relationships. We have been able to send some of our providers down to the Arkansas Heart Hospital, seeing open heart procedures and those types of events.    So we are always looking for opportunities to partner. And I think with us being the only Active Duty facility in the State of Arkansas, that is where we are headed, is that we need that partnership for those things that we can't provide. We will capture everything we can, bring it into our facility to keep the skills up of our team members, but we rely on our community partners.    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you for that.    Does anyone want to comment on that question?    Go ahead, Captain Freedman.    Captain Freedman. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    We are blessed in eastern North Carolina to have a fantastic, supportive community in Jacksonville and the surrounding area, where they understand the importance of the Marine Corps and the Navy team and what it does for the defense of our Nation.    So our partner facilities in the civilian community have been wonderful for us. We have expanded some enhanced resource-sharing agreements with our local hospitals for a dual diagnosis program for dependency and behavioral health. We have our local hospital that provides operating room space for us as we undergo renovation of our operating room spaces. We have a great medical center in Vidant Medical Center that we have entered into an agreement with to allow our corpsmen, our nurses, and our physicians to be able to go up there and get training that we may not see in our institution.    So it is a true community. And I think it's understanding the mission. And I think no one does it better than Jacksonville, North Carolina.    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you very much.    Any other comments?    Colonel Place. Ma'am, I would just offer that I think it depends. You know, ``balance'' is a way to put it, but what we would like to do, and I think we do a pretty good job of it, is finding the talents and capabilities in the civilian community, and if it makes good business sense to capitalize on, then let's do that. If it doesn't, then let's do it inside the facility with, you know, taxpayer dollars.    So if the capability is there and it is a high-quality capability, then, by all means, we ought to do that.    Colonel Littlefield. Ma'am, I agree with what the other panel members have said. I think you to have to look at, first, is there a compelling readiness reason why I would want to offer that service--inpatient care, complex surgeries, intensive care, for example, the things that Guthrie gets from the civilian community--in my MTF at a particular location. And health care is still a very local phenomenon, so every base has a different community and different assets in that community to support them.    And so, if that case is there, we build it there. If that case isn't there, then where can we get that in the civilian community, and how can we build the partnership to make sure that works smoothly.    Ms. Stefanik. I appreciate those comments. And we have had success stories in the broader Fort Drum community, partnering, for example, with River Hospital, with a very high-quality PTSD program. That is an example of identifying a need and working with the experts and the practitioners who are within the community.    So thank you for your testimony today, and thank you for the thoughtful answers.