    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you. Thank you. I won't prolong this. I want to thank everyone. I won't go through that again.    I would just like to say I associate myself with the chairman's remarks about the President's budget as it relates to the Coast Guard. And I am going to say to the admiral--although I know this is a difficult situation--but we once had a colleague named Mike Parker. And Mike was a Democrat turned Republican. And in the Bush administration they made him Assistant Secretary over the Corps of Engineers. And he came before us for one of these budget hearings, and I looked at the proposed budget. I reminded him that they had a $45 billion, you know, critical asset backlog. And I said, ``Is this budget adequate to meet the needs of your agency, the Corps of Engineers of the United States of America?''    And he said, ``No, absolutely not.'' Now, that is the positive side, because I always try and get people who have that jurisdiction to tell us like it is. The downside was a week later he resigned because of family issues.    Now--so I am not going to ask you to be quite that candid, Admiral. But I am going to observe when Congress orders you to produce a list of priorities that are unmet, and you come up with four things, I don't buy it. And I think you are being a little too much of a good soldier here--not to call a Coastie a soldier, but, you know, in terms of--it is not the way the Pentagon works, I will tell you that. They make their needs that are unmet in the budget known in a million different ways.    I was just at Coast Guard Station Newport--beautiful. They do their own work. You don't find that on other military bases. They bring in contractors. You are the most frugal of the services, and you are critical. And you are absolutely critical on a day-to-day basis for the American people, and something they see--anybody who has access to the water or the coast--and saving lives.    And, you know, we have to figure out a way to get you adequate resources to meet all your national security obligations, which have grown dramatically post-9/11, but also to meet your day-to-day obligations, in terms of lifesavings. And some of the cuts that are proposed this last year, like cutting my Coast Guard Air Station in Newport, which does half the rescues on the Oregon coast in water that never gets warm, where you are dead in half an hour, is not a place to be cutting. And we have got to find a way around this. And part of it has got to be you, as much as possible, within your chain of command from the White House, being candid with us about your needs.    And, with that, I would yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. DeFazio. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for that last testimony, Admiral. I appreciate that. But within force reduction I would want to include, you know, your basic function of, you know, safety of life at sea and, in my case, that gets a bit parochial with the Newport Air Station. Central coast we have North Bend, Astoria. They are involved in half of the rescues off the Oregon coast. As you know, very cold water, short survival time. Congress forestalled some proposed cuts there. I know you are trying to move money around.    But I never--we haven't seen a real rationale for those cuts. What one would observe is, A, would be a longer response time from North Bend; B, that puts more wear and tear on the equipment, which seems to be a good deal of an offset, in addition to the potential for losing lives.    So, I mean, if you are going to persist in that, obviously, I am going to do what I can to find a way to not let that happen. But, beyond that, in the interim, I would like to see the analysis of how this really would have saved money. Because I--if you are not reducing force--a lot of it was personnel cost--and if you are not reducing force, then they are just going somewhere else. So that is for that.    Now, if we can move on beyond my parochial issues, which I obviously feel very strongly about, but--icebreaking. I have been on the Polar Star at the South Pole with the former Commandant. We got the Polar Sea. I am going to see the poor thing in dry dock. As I understand it, pretty much dismantling it to try and keep the other ship going. And you are at a point where there is nothing in your budget for a new icebreaker--potentially $1 billion.    You know, some are advocating that, on an interim measure, perhaps we should look at refitting the Polar Sea to try and get--because I understand the hull is fairly good. And I was on--not out on, but on--a 52 at Newport, which is 60 years old, which are unique boats. There are only four left. They can go out in a breaking 26-foot sea. The other cutters can't. I don't know what we are going to do for a follow-on for the 52s, or if we can keep them going for 100 years.    So, the question would be, are you looking at and close to making a recommendation on what we are going to do in the interim, perhaps by refitting the Polar Sea?    Mr. DeFazio. You just gave us a good action item there.    Mr. DeFazio. I wasn't aware that you couldn't do the contract under the continuing resolution, and that should be something we could fix.    Would there be money--would you need an appropriation to follow that, or just need authorization?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, I would think the chairman might be interested in us doing a little rifle-shot suspension bill that might deal with some of these issues. Good.    And then, on the question about the 52s, I mean, I know you have got an awful lot of stuff out there that needs replacing. I mean what are we going to do in the future? These are unique boats, you use them around the country. We are down to the last four. Maybe you can squeeze another round of refitting out of them. Beautiful inside, I wish the inside of my boat looked like that in the engine room. But, still, it is 60 years old. You have a follow-on proposal there? Are you thinking about that?    Because, again, I go back to, you know, your list of unmet priorities. And I guess maybe we need to direct you a little differently, in terms of what we want to see a list of. Maybe we should be asking about your unprogrammed, or unmet projected capital needs, which would go--which would be a much more comprehensive list, which might get the attention of Congress a little better than these four little items.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. So we will look forward to their 100th birthday, perhaps, with a fourth set of engines.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.