    Mr. Sherman. Last century the high-water mark for the NSC was Kissinger. Everything we complain about now was probably more true then, in terms of the NSC.    As to this century, I have seen this committee and the House of Representatives in general go from foreign policy makers to foreign policy kibitzers that are at least allowed to provide some oversight and some input to really an irrelevancy because the most important people making and carrying out foreign policy don't even come here and pretend to listen to us.    Mr. Chairman, the Armed Services Committee passes an authorization bill every year and nothing illustrates the importance of that more than that the provision to limit the size of the National Security Council is in their bill and will be considered in their bill, whereas our bill for 15 years is an exercise in--well, often isn't even written. It usually isn't even considered by the House and hasn't reached the President's desk in 15 years.    So, what we need to do is say not how can we possibly get the most important Presidential advisor on foreign policy to come into this room but how can we write an authorizing bill in this room that becomes law? And I would like to see us demand that we don't appropriate money for foreign policy that isn't authorized. And we could do that by insisting that the authorizing bill that we pass be joined to the appropriations bill and that neither the Senate nor the President should be able to get the money without dealing with the authorizing provisions. And if we, as a committee, would demand that the rule for considering the foreign operations appropriations bill include both the authorizing and the appropriation. And I would like them to be separate bills but separate bills where one of them is thrown away, that is not the best approach. So, if they were married, then, when they go over to the Senate, we make it plain--you have to have an authorizing and an appropriations bill. You go to the President and you say you want the money, you have to look at the appropriations; you have to look at the authorizations as well.    Mr. Chollet, I am going to go into a much less significant point. You compared the NSC staff to CRS. Is that just the CRS foreign policy national security folks? That is not their folks on medicine or transportation or whatever.    Mr. Sherman. Right.    Mr. Sherman. But you looked only at what portions of CRS?    Mr. Sherman. Okay, so you are saying that----    Mr. Sherman. But I mean it is like you are comparing apples with a fruit plate.    Mr. Sherman. Yes, but everyone at the NSC staff deals with national security. There are people over at CRS who are dealing with health policy. So, the fairer comparison would be the entire White House and the old Executive Office Building, and all the offices of the President, and all the tsars. Because otherwise, you are comparing a department at CRS that deals with health policy and you don't have anybody at--I hope you don't have anybody at the NSC who is focusing on a cure for cancer or----    Mr. Sherman. On health?    Mr. Sherman. Right, global, yes. Okay.    Ambassador Miller, were you indicating a desire to say something?    Ambassador Miller. My hope is that you all can take a very serious look at improving the performance of the State Department. I spent most of my life investing capital and looking at the performance of companies. Sometimes they are good, sometimes they aren't. But whatever, you can learn a lot.    State needs to step back. You need to help them step back and say what do we need to do to make the department work. The Foreign Service is a fine, fine institution. I was immensely well-served as a political appointee in two Embassies, very well served at the NSC. There is more human capability at State going to waste than in almost any institution I have ever seen.    Somehow or other, we need to put our minds together to say how can we fix this because----    Mr. Sherman. So you think maybe Congress should oversee the State Department, write an authorization bill, pass it into law, and have an agency of the Federal Government act according to congressional authorization. That is a brilliant and innovative idea, one that we ought to apply to the State Department.    And I yield back.    Ambassador Miller. I have waited all these years for that opportunity. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. I yield back.