    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, good morning, I guess. With all the destruction of students' financial futures caused by big predatory for-profit colleges, and with so many of the students now claiming fraud and demanding debt relief that could cost taxpayers billions of dollars, with mounting law enforcement investigations of these same companies, and with some of these companies themselves in irresponsible, precarious financial shape, does the Department think it makes sense to keep sending these companies billions of our taxpayer dollars and sending our students there?    Are you taking a harder look at the continued eligibility of some of these companies for Title IX aid?    Mr. Takano. I'm glad to hear that. I hope I can maybe talk with you about, you know, just what schools are under review. I'm very concerned about what happened.    I'm going to move on to the topic of Corinthian. Prior to its collapse, Corinthian Colleges, Inc., faced countless lawsuits and investigations by the SEC, the CFPB, many State attorneys general, and others. Corinthian has since faced two enforcement actions by the Department itself and lost its lawsuit to the CFPB. But to date, despite staggering evidence that the fraud at Corinthian was endemic across the chain, the Department has only granted relief to less than 1 percent of the affected students and only those who attended a single school, Heald College.    When is the Department going to act to make good on former Secretary Duncan's promise that students would get, quote, ``every penny of relief they're entitled to under the law,'' end quote?    Mr. Takano. Well, many students have been defrauded and deceived, and there's a lot of bad actors in the industry. Don't you think, you know, that the gentleman from Arizona, my colleague's citation of graduation rates can be superficial and even, I think, deceptive in terms of how they portray, I think, a false comparison between graduation rates of a for-profit college, depending on the program and the accreditation of that school, and what goes on in a more general setting at our public community colleges and universities.    Mr. Takano. So we should be skeptical about an 87 percent or an 85 percent -- I mean, we'd have to look at the particular institution.    Mr. Takano. My time is up. I'm sorry.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you.