    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Well, it is sad that we are here today under these circumstances. There are certainly management issues at WMATA, and I will get into that in a moment. But let's get to the bottom line here: Congress has neglected to make sufficient investments in infrastructure.    Everywhere in the country, cities are struggling between the pressure to build out more transit and new options--and that is certainly going on here, in what is arguably potentially the most congested traffic region in the United States of America, and then maintaining their legacy systems. And Congress hasn't been willing to be an equal partner. There is an $84 billion backlog, nationally, to bring transit up to a state of good repair.    Yes, the FAST Act is going to give us a little more money. That is good. But with the amount of money there, we are never going to get a state of good repair, never. We are just about treading water. And right now, DOT says the average annual level required to eliminate the backlog by 2030 is $18.5 billion a year. And, well, we are putting up $10 billion. Uh-oh, that doesn't sound too good, does it?    It is pretty embarrassing when in what is called the capital of the free world, the greatest country on Earth, American exceptionalism, we are killing people on a transit system with a combination of budgetary pressures and management issues.    Now, I think we are going to make real progress on the management issues, and we will hear about that later today. But what about the money? We cannot ignore the need for additional investment.    Now, when the so-called American Recovery Act passed, which I voted against because 4 percent of that 800-some billion dollars went into infrastructure investment--4 percent--cities like Chicago just pulled projects off the shelf. They had the money committed in 30 days. They could have spent 10, 20 times as much money on project sitting on the shelf, waiting to happen, that are critical for the safety and security of their riders and, obviously, the efficiency of the system.    So we cannot ignore the thousand-pound gorilla in the room. We aren't putting up the money we need to be a good partner. We only partner 50 percent, and we don't help with operations. And, you know, we are just walking away from that. So that is why we are here today.    So let's not just say this was a management issue or, oh, gee, they spend more money or, gee, they are less efficient. Yes, those are all issues. But the bottom line is this is not a unique circumstance. This, what is happening here in Washington, DC, is getting attention. But there is--that is happening in every major legacy system across the country today, and it is happening in cities that want to give their people new transit options and have to choose between running a bus with 1 billion miles on it that is breaking down every day--maybe the brakes don't work so well--and giving people those new options to get them out of congestion.    We shouldn't have to make those choices. Our country, the United States of America, can afford to do both. We can afford to partner and help them rebuild and maintain and build out the new options, but it is going to take a new attitude here in Congress.    I have offered many ways to help increase transit funding and highway funding. They have all been rejected. We weren't even allowed to vote on one single amendment when we did the FAST Act. They were not allowed. Many amendments were offered, including bipartisan amendments, that dealt with funding. Instead, we took money from the TSA to help pay for that bill, and now people are standing in line at the airports. Wow.    We are going to keep shuffling stuff around until nothing works in this country any more.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the hearing.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. Thank you very much. Today we have two panels, and I want to welcome our first panel.    We have got the Honorable Steny Hoyer, who is representing the Fifth District of Maryland; the Honorable Gerry Connolly, who is representing the 11th District of Virginia; and the Honorable John Delaney, who is representing the Sixth District of Maryland.    I would ask unanimous consent that our witnesses' full statements be included in the record.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. And, without objection, that is so ordered.    And with that we will start with Mr. Hoyer. Thank you for being here.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Madam Chair. Administrator Flowers, I realize you're briefly on the job. But you know, in MAP-21, we gave new regulatory authority to FTA over transit safety. And yet some critical aspects of that rule are still lingering somewhere. I don't know where they are. What's your expected timeline to get all those done?    Ms. Flowers. Were you asking about FAST Act and MAP-21?    Mr. DeFazio. There's things left over from MAP-21----    Ms. Flowers. OK.    Mr. DeFazio . Where we gave you the new regulatory authority, but there are still pending rules.    Ms. Flowers. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. To fully implement that.    Ms. Flowers. We just issued the State Safety Oversight Rule on March 16th. And we have several other rules that are in the review process right now. We have the Public Transportation Safety Program rule that is going through the process of review now at the DOT. And so expect that to be a final rule by midsummer. The National Public Transportation Safety Plan, this comment period ended on April 5th and FTA expects to issue that in early fall. We have the Public Transportation Agency Safety Plan. And that is also going to be out in early fall. And we also have the Safety Certification Training Program, which we expect to come out in midsummer.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Thank you. Well, just if you can stay on top of those and make certain that they continue through the process.    You mentioned the same thing I did in my opening statement about the backlog in deferring maintenance. Obviously a lot of it lies with the larger legacy systems, and WMATA is a legacy system at this point, although we have much older legacy systems. And as I pointed out, it's really not an adequate amount of funds. You've had a chance and begun to look at WMATA, and there's a lot of focus on them. But do you believe that this problem could be more widespread given the deficiency in funding and the accumulated backlog for a state of good repair?    Ms. Flowers. Yes, sir. You mentioned there was an $84 billion backlog on a national level. Our estimate is that it's about $86 billion, growing at $2\1/2\ billion a year. And as you indicated, WMATA is one of those systems. The legacy systems probably make up 40 percent of that backlog. And so although the Administration has asked for additional funding for infrastructure, we haven't seen that funding come.    And it does create an issue. It makes it a challenge for all transit agencies to look at their priorities. You see that challenge here in DC with WMATA, where they have to make decisions about what they can do with their available funding.    Mr. DeFazio. Mm-hmm. Thank you. So, your inspector workforce--you're just standing up, essentially, your first inspector workforce, and their focus right now is WMATA. When do you expect that you'll have adequate staffing to begin to go out and look at other legacy systems?    Ms. Flowers. We have a focus right now on WMATA and we have 13 FTEs that are basically focused on WMATA. We have provided technical assistance in other areas where we have found problems. We have been given additional safety authority but not the funding to basically address that authority.    Mr. DeFazio. So you have 13 inspectors total?    Ms. Flowers. Thirteen staff. There's probably only five inspectors and two investigators.    Mr. DeFazio. So we have five inspectors and two investigators for the Federal Transit Administration to oversee all of the transit agencies in the United States of America, is that correct?    Ms. Flowers. That's correct.    Mr. DeFazio. That's interesting. I wonder how long it would take if they spent 10 minutes at each one, how many years that would be. Yet alone an indepth look. I hope that Congress will soon allocate additional funds for the new obligations we put on your agency. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Madam Chair.