    Chairman Bridenstine. The Subcommittee on Environment and Oversight will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled the ``Renewable Fuel Standard: A Ten-Year Review of Costs and Benefits.'' I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Good morning, and welcome to today's joint hearing of the Environment and Oversight Subcommittees examining the Renewable Fuel Standard. Today, we will hear from witnesses on the cost and environmental impact of this complex and misguided mandate, as well as the future consequences if Congress does not take action.    The RFS is an example of the federal government picking winners and losers by forcing the use of renewables in transportation fuels. The mandate was supported by a bipartisan coalition, the ethanol industry, and environmental organizations; and justified by claims of environmental benefits and enhanced U.S. energy security.    Unfortunately, but not surprisingly, eight years after the current RFS was expanded by Congress as part of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, these promises have yet to materialize. Congress designed the RFS using flawed projections about gasoline consumption, availability of renewable fuel infrastructure, bio-refinery technology, and the market demand for renewable fuels. In almost every category, these projections do not reflect today's energy market.    Today, demand for gasoline is significantly lower than was forecast when the RFS became law. A sluggish economy and improvements in vehicle energy efficiency continue to hold down gasoline consumption. And technology advancements have unlocked our domestic resources of oil and gas to an extent that was not anticipated when the RFS was designed.    Incorporating renewable fuels was supposed to deliver environmental benefits. But time and again, researchers, including one of our witnesses today, have found that corn ethanol produced to meet the RFS makes air quality worse, and has higher lifecycle emissions than gasoline. And while corn-based fuel ethanol production, supported by the requirements of this standard, has grown substantially since EISA became law, the advanced biofuels and cellulosic ethanol industries expected under the RFS still aren't ready for primetime.    The RFS is an egregious perversion of the free market. Instead of a transportation fuel market driven by consumer demand, we are stuck with a complex mandate based on outdated assumptions about gasoline demand, environmental impact, and technological readiness. Each year, the RFS requires still higher volumes of renewable fuel, which now exceed the volumes that can be accommodated given current gasoline demand.    The RFS mandate is unworkable even with EPA's dubious assertion that E15 can safely be used in select vehicles, even though most vehicles were designed to use E10, gasoline containing not more than ten percent ethanol. This is on top of the simple fact that consumers do not want these fuels. Just .5 percent of what HollyFrontier--a merchant refiner with facilities in my district--sells are products greater than E10, one-half of one percent.    And because the ethanol blending volumes required under law are impossible to meet with the current production levels of E10, E15, and other higher level ethanol blends, including E85, refiners are left at the mercy of uncertain annual waivers from the EPA. I'm going to repeat that. Refiners are left at the mercy of uncertain annual waivers from the EPA to keep the mandatory blending volumes at achievable levels. When EPA even bothers to follow the law and announce annual requirements--and that is when EPA bothers to follow the law and announce annual requirements on time.    Refiners have had to file lawsuits to get the EPA to do their job and announce the annual blend levels, which is absurd. Congress cannot continue to sit back and leave the EPA to manage the consequences of an unrealistic and poorly crafted law.    So what is the end result of this confusing mandate? American consumers are stuck with higher prices across the economy. The mandate has already increased prices at the pump, and if the RFS is enforced as enacted, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that E10 fuel prices could increase by 15 percent or more by 2017.    By increasing demand for corn, the RFS also distorts commodity prices, raising the cost of food for American families. We will hear testimony that the RFS costs the chain restaurant industry $3.2 billion a year in higher food prices, which must be passed on to consumers, our constituents.    The federal government's RFS mandate has led to multiple negative consequences, propelled by willful disregard for consumer preferences and flawed economic and environmental assumptions. Demand for fuels with blends of ethanol greater than E10 is very limited, even with the most favorable market conditions. And more corn ethanol hasn't helped the environment. It hasn't reduced costs or encouraged the development of commercial-scale advanced biofuels.    Federal mandates are the wrong approach to fuel innovation, and the RFS is a prime example of the elites in Washington, D.C., believing they know best, imposing a misguided standard, then standing back while it damages our economy.    I want to thank our witnesses today for testifying on the challenges of the RFS--testifying on the challenges the RFS has created in today's energy market, and I look forward to a discussion about the consequences caused by the federal government's intervention in the American energy market.    It's time for Congress to fix the problems caused by this outdated and ill-conceived law and pass legislation to repeal the RFS.    Chairman Bridenstine. I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Oregon, for an opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Ranking Member.    I now recognize the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight, Mr. Loudermilk, for his opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Chairman Loudermilk.    I now recognize the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight, Mr. Beyer, for his opening statement.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Beyer.    Let me introduce our witnesses. Our first witness today is Dr. Terry Dinan, Senior Adviser at the Congressional Budget Office. Dr. Dinan received her bachelor's degree from John Carroll University and her Ph.D. in economics from Iowa State University.    Our next witness is Mr. Ed Anderson, President and CEO of WEN-GAP, LLC. Mr. Anderson received his bachelor's degree from Guilford College and currently owns 11 Wendy's franchises.    Our third witness today is Dr. John DeCicco, Research Professor at the University of Michigan Energy Institute. Dr. DeCicco received his bachelor's degree in mathematics from Catholic University, his master's degree in mechanical engineering from North Carolina State University, and his Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from Princeton University.    Our fourth witness today is Mr. Brooke Coleman, Executive Director of the Advanced Biofuels Business Council. Mr. Coleman received his bachelor's degree from Wesleyan University and his law degree from Northeastern.    Our final witness today is Mr. Charles Drevna, Distinguished Senior Fellow at the Institute for Energy Research. Mr. Drevna has over 40 years of extensive experience in legislative, regulatory, public policy, and marketplace issues involving energy and the environment. Prior to joining IER, he served as President of the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers. Mr. Drevna received his bachelor's degree in chemistry from Washington and Jefferson College.    I now recognize Dr. Dinan for five minutes to present her testimony.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Dr. Dinan.    I now recognize Mr. Anderson for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Anderson.    Dr. DeCicco, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Could you turn on your microphone?    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Coleman.    Mr. Drevna, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Drevna.    I now recognize myself for five minutes of questions.    I just wanted to go back for a second to Dr. DeCicco, looking at your bio, Research Professor at the University of Michigan Energy Institute, bachelor's degree in mathematics from Catholic University, master's degree in mechanical engineering from North Carolina State University, Ph.D. in mechanical engineering from Princeton University. You've been involved in research on energy and environment issues for a long time. Correct me if I'm wrong. You worked for the Environmental Defense Fund. Is that correct?    Chairman Bridenstine. Would you be characterized as a conservative witness in general? Would you characterize yourself as that or somebody that's a hack for the oil industry or anything like that?    Chairman Bridenstine. Reading your bio and looking at your background, I think that is fairly safe to assume. In fact, when I read your bio, I was a little bit interested in why Republicans were bringing you to testify. But hearing your testimony, being somebody who's very concerned about the environment, somebody who's very concerned about carbon emissions, your testimony today--I heard you say 70 percent higher carbon emissions in some circumstances because of the Renewable Fuel Standard. Is that correct?    Chairman Bridenstine. How do you get to 70 percent higher with the Renewable Fuel Standard? Can you share with us how that happens?    Chairman Bridenstine. So in your testimony I have heard you mentioned harmful to the environment. I just heard you use the word damage to the environment, higher CO<INF>2</INF> emissions, in some cases 70 percent higher. You mentioned water pollution, you mentioned algae bloom. Did you mention--I think yesterday when I talked to you, you mentioned deforestation. Can you talk to that for a second?    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Dr. DeCicco. I am out of time, but it is important to note that if it's damaging to the environment, if it's putting more CO<INF>2</INF> emissions into the atmosphere, if it's adding to prices for both food and fuel, it leaves us wondering what are the reasons that we still have the Renewable Fuel Standard.    I'd like to recognize the Ranking Member, Ms. Bonamici, for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Ranking Member.    And Chairman Loudermilk is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. And real quick, just a point of privilege here if you'll allow me, Mr. Beyer.    The question I guess we're--I'm trying to understand is if you're replacing other crops with corn, then the carbon accounting that Dr. DeCicco is talking about would actually be more accurate than if you don't account for that, correct, Mr. Coleman?    Chairman Bridenstine. But if you're producing that plant, which in this case would be corn, and you're replacing another plant, then you really haven't done anything to change the accounting of the carbon removal. Am I incorrect on that?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. I'm taking time that I don't have. So, Mr. Beyer, you are recognized as the Ranking Member for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'd like to thank the Ranking Member.    I recognize Mr. Weber from Texas for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you. I guess we are out of witnesses on that end, so we'll go with Mr. Babin also from Texas.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Babin. So if we're blending ten percent now, if we were to repeal the RFS, we would still be blending what according to your study?    Chairman Bridenstine. So the idea that we're going to ruin all these jobs and destroy these markets, that's incorrect?    Chairman Bridenstine. Okay. The gentleman, Mr. Abraham, is recognized from Louisiana.    Chairman Bridenstine. Mr. Westerman from Arkansas is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. I'll give you another minute.    Chairman Bridenstine. I would like to----    Chairman Bridenstine. I would like to say how much I've enjoyed this exchange between Mr. Coleman and Mr. Drevna, but in the interest of the folks on the committee, we're going to go to our next questioner.    Chairman Bridenstine. You bet.    Mr. LaHood, you're recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Bridenstine. Thank you.    Mr. Beyer has been listening patiently to my side of the aisle for the better half of probably 30 minutes, so I'd like to recognize you for five minutes and then I'll close it out.    Chairman Bridenstine. You bet. So you mentioned Tulsa University, and you mentioned what we do in the United States Navy, of which I spent many years of my life. I would just like to let the record show that if terrorists or rogue nations wanted to take control of the corn market, we would defend the corn market as well.    Mr. Drevna, did you have a thought on that issue? I saw you----