    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I know everyone says it is a new day here in Congress. Sometimes I feel like it is Groundhog Day. I feel like every month we have one of these hearings or sometimes two of these hearings. I was in line at the White House for a holiday party behind someone from the Department of Labor, I am like hey, I have not seen you in about a month.    It is good to be back because I think it allows us to offer maybe some of the facts that are out there. I think, Ms. Owens, you mentioned specifically, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, a study on the percent of layoffs from regulation is something like 0.1 to 0.4 percent over about a seven year period. It is extremely low. Yet, the percentage of jobs lost due to lack of demand is really the significant barrier.    I am a small business person for 28 years. I know this from practical experience as well. That is the reality. That is the facts that are out there.    I know we talk about the costs that are involved. Again, as much as I think sometimes we inflate the costs, when I read some of these reports about what something is going to cost. When you actually look back at it, according to the Office of Management and Budget, they said in fiscal year 2014, for example, executive agency major rules delivered the benefits of $22.8 billion annually while the costs were 3 to $4 billion annually. The benefit is definitely exceeding any costs.    In fact, I would argue it is kind of like that credit card commercial, the cost of this, the cost of this, the cost of coming home to your child at the end of the day without an injury, priceless.    Again, your statistics showed that is what happens with these regulations. Since this is the Education and Workforce Protections Committee as opposed to Chamber protections, let me ask you a question, Ms. Owens, specifically regarding something I just did.    I recently followed a worker who works as a caregiver. They have been doing this for 23 years, and are making now $11.50 a hour, after 23 years of working as a caregiver. We helped physically move the body of someone, we did cooking and cleaning, we did all this stuff, non-stop busy, taking care of the pills very precisely, cutting what the person has to have.    Look at the work involved, and all too often we find these folks are not getting the proper pay, the proper overtime, especially when they do overnight shifts, et cetera.    Can you just talk a little bit about that, just one rule, for example, since I just did that Thanksgiving week, it is fresh in my mind. This is someone who is fighting for $15 minimum wage in an union. Can you just talk about that?    Mr. Pocan. It is interesting. One of the things a person mentioned is, you know, people who make $174,000 a year trying to tell them they are making too much at $11.50 an hour after 23 years of being in that profession.    I think the only thing I would say in closing, Mr. Chairman, is I know as a small business owner I often get private sector businesses I deal with that make me jump through hoops to do various things, and if I want to do business with that company, I do that.    To say that somehow if you have the privilege of being able to do business with the Federal Government but you do not want to follow any of the regulations, I did the exact thing with private sector businesses, it is part of what is called doing business, and if people do not like that, there are other businesses out there, but I love the business that I have been in for 28 years, and that is something I try to comply with.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to our witnesses. I think our conversation today has been interesting. That said, I think we have had a very Washington conversation aimed at a very Washington audience.    For the vast majority of our constituents who may be watching, this hearing has reinforced some of their bad feelings perhaps about Congress, and no one here today has told our constituents what this hearing is likely really about.    The congressional leadership strategy is simple, although it is not necessarily obvious if you are not paying close attention, shut down the appropriations process, bog down Congress, and stuff an end of the year package with gifts for special interests. That is probably more of what the hearing is about today.    Referring to rules and regulations as an ``onslaught,'' as many of our witnesses and colleagues on the other side of the aisle did today, is part and parcel of the rhetoric that the other side deems as necessary to accomplish the broader goal of filling the omnibus appropriations bill with Christmas gifts from big businesses' wish lists.    They say they are worried that this onslaught will hamper job growth and lead to mass unemployment. We have already seen today less than three-tenths of 1 percent of workers who lost their jobs in mass layoffs during the early years of the Obama administration was due to government regulations or intervention. This rate is unchanged from the Bush administration, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics.    All these rules and regulations referenced today have one thing in common, they help hard working middle class Americans by ensuring workers are afforded the dignity under the law that they unquestionably deserve.    There is no doubt that ensuring worker safety, paying a living wage, strengthening the average American's voice in the workplace, and ensuring the Federal Government contracts with responsible players come at a cost. We can debate that cost. I tend to think the other side exaggerates it and I think the data backs me up. I also tend to think that maintaining safe workplaces and protecting workers' voices are worth that cost.    Earlier I referenced big businesses' wish list. We talked about the things on their list today. Middle class Americans are not sitting around saying you know, the income threshold for overtime as proposed by the Obama administration is far too high.    They are not doing so because middle class families are focused on finding affordable day care for their children and finding good, safe public schools for those who are over that age. They are focused on other things that are important to them.    One thing they are not doing is saying that Americans do not deserve a raise, as some are saying on the other side of the aisle, as they criticize the proposed overtime rule and attempt to block it in the omnibus.    The raise came as a result of the Department of Labor updating a regulation that in the past has been routinely updated by both Democratic and Republican administrations instead of an act of Congress.    I want to reiterate that I have owned my own small business for 28 years. I understand the challenges small business owners face. I say this because it is often interpreted that the Chamber of Commerce and other groups speak for all businesses. This could not be further from the truth. Most of the things on their wish lists do not affect the majority of small businesses that operate in this country.    As is often the case, we have been given a false choice. If you are for an onslaught of regulations, or what I would call strong workers' rights and sensible workers' protections, then you are against economic growth. If you are for economic growth, then you cannot be for increasing worker protections under the law.    Nowhere do we mention ``shared growth.'' Nowhere do we mention how workers are the only ones who have not been paid for increased productivity over the last 30 years.    When we hold a hearing to debate big businesses' Christmas list for the omnibus, we need to make sure that we are being very clear exactly what this Christmas wish list is.    Before I came to Congress, people around here used to refer to special interest projects requested by lawmakers as ``earmarks.'' These limitations or riders big business has requested of the 114th Congress are ``earmarks.''    As we sit here and debate the Chamber's wish list, let's call it what it is, a list of earmarks, and let's talk about who gets what. In the old days, an earmark might be used to pay for a handicap access ramp at a local library in a member's district. Today's earmarks go to constituencies with far more resources than your local library.    As we continue to debate big businesses' list, I ask all Members of Congress to have their constituents check it twice. Surely, we can come together to advance policies that can benefit the American people in the manner other than asking middle class Americans to stand outside in the rain and wait for their fair share to trickle down as they have been doing far too long.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.