    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Before I got here, I used to be a real estate lawyer, and I used to negotiate leases. And it was not necessarily a fun endeavor, but I did learn that it is very value added. And I do think that the questions today are largely oriented towards improving the efficacy of the leasing process, and that is what we want to see. We just don't want to see us paying more money than we should pay in a lease. And I think we also want a cleaner analysis on, to Mr. Meadows's point, the valuation between an outright purchase and--or build to suit versus a 20-year lease.    And in looking, Ms. Shea, at your analysis here, it strikes me that the issue that the VA is deficient in, relative to this analysis, comes under the credible characteristic and, most specifically, the conduct risk and uncertainty analysis.    And I find that to be consistent with the conclusion without analysis criticism that we say, oh, it provides more flexibility and so, therefore, we should do it. I happen to think that it, in a lot of instances, leasing a medical facility probably is the more prudent cost, because unlike a lot of other real estate assets and office building, certainly raw ground, with a medical facility, there is a functional obsolescence after 20 years. And that you do run into negative equity much quicker. I mean, in my home township, we have an old mental health facility that, you know, 20 years later it was still there, and it was negative $8 million on an appraisal.    So for Mr. Sullivan, what I would like to hear from you is what do you intend to do to address the shoring up the risk and uncertainty analysis, which I think will go a long way toward addressing Ms. Shea's report where the VA is deficient? The other question that I would have for you, Mr. Sullivan, is contained on page 10 of Ms. Shea's report which references the fact that the VA plans to conduct a, quote, ``lessons-learned study that could further improve how VA estimates its costs.''    And the final point I would make, and then I will turn it over to all of you, is those of us who serve on the VA Committee, and I think even beyond that, the delivery model for caring for veterans is changing very rapidly, telehealth. We have a facility in my district where a lot more is done that way. And we look at the way e-health is able to provide services. It just doesn't require as much physical space. And some of it is space that once built can remain flex space.    So I would ask for your take on that. And I think that that is part of the risk that I mentioned.    And in the final question I have for you, Mr. Sullivan--I am sort of doing it all at once is, the report that McKinsey issued in 2015 found that for larger built-to-suit medical facilities, VA rents were 40 to 50 percent higher than private sector benchmarks. I think that that brings back into the fold of Mr. Meadows's point on, well, why don't we just do a build--I mean, why not build to suit and own it if you are going to be paying 40 to 50 percent higher? It is one thing if at the end of 15 or 20 years, it's like, OK. We paid for it, and now we are at zero and we have a facility, and maybe it is worth something, maybe it is not. It is a whole other thing when you are paying 40 to 50 percent over and above.    Then the final point, I am not so keen on--I mean, we have enough examples on the VA Committee where VA construction projects end up a whole heck a lot higher than they should, which I think, points again, to leasing versus building. If it is a 50-50 proposition, I think I would probably lean towards the leasing.    I have said a lot. I turn it over to you for your comments on my comments.    Mr. Costello. And that would be providing veterans care.    Mr. Costello. There could be some good explanations. I am just looking for that.    Mr. Costello. I understand.    Mr. Costello. Thank you.