    Ms. Kuster. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And good morning, great to be with you.    I had a quick local question just off the bat and we have talked about this in the past, but New Hampshire, Alaska and Hawaii are the three states without a full-service VA hospital and we had a special agreement under the previous rule to drop the 40-mile requirement down to 20 miles. I am just wondering, the last time we talked that was under review and I wondered if that process has proceeded since November.    Ms. Kuster. And I think one way to do that is the expansion of the CBOCs, Community Based Outpatient Care. We just opened a beautiful new CBOC in Littleton, New Hampshire. But just for you to take back, I am still waiting for progress on two others, one in a town called Colebrook, New Hampshire, almost to the Canadian border, and another in a town that we call Berlin, New Hampshire. And they have to do with negotiations that are going on with community-based care and partnerships, which are a good thing, but I would love to get a little shoulder to the wheel here from headquarters in D.C. to move those along.    I also wanted to just talk about how we are very frustrated by the third-party administrator and I know that is not the purpose of this hearing, but I want to put that complaint out there. Senator Shaheen, Senator Ayotte and I, have done a series of events around the state talking directly with veterans. This is our primary, the phone calls that we get in the office. It is just very very frustrating. And I know that the VA physicians and staff, medical professionals would prefer to be making the appointments anyway because they would prefer to have that relationship with the community provider, get the records back, be able to call the patient and say don't forget your appointment tomorrow.    So are we making any progress on that? Because frankly, I would rather just take that back and this third-party administrator is not working out for my constituents.    Ms. Kuster. That is good news and I apologize for missing that earlier, I was over in AG talking about veteran farmers. So thank you very much for your testimony.