    Mr. Shimkus. We are going to call the hearing to order.    I want to thank everyone for the early start time, both from the agencies and my colleagues. As we know, Friday fly-out days are challenging for Members, so it is good to get started.    Just, also, a point of notice is that there are really two panels. This is the first panel of our hearing, and then we will have other stakeholders later on.    So, with that, I will recognize myself for an opening statement, 5 minutes.    I welcome today's witnesses, and thank you all for appearing to discuss protection from and cleanup of hazardous waste at Federal Government facilities. Today we will hear perspectives of the Department of Defense, the Department of Energy, the Environmental Protection Agency, and the Government Accountability Office.    Thousands of ordinary citizens in private-sector companies face the daily challenge of controlling costs and making a profit without leaving behind a trail of hazardous waste. The same citizens and companies must meet both Federal and State prevention and cleanup standards.    In meeting all these challenges, they face distinct disadvantages when compared with their Federal agency counterparts. One, they can't rely on the U.S. taxpayer to cover either their compliance or their cleanup costs. They also can't always choose their own remediation options. And they can't fall back on the defense of sovereign immunity when they are taken to court.    While those private-sector companies focus on making a profit while complying with the Environmental Protection Agency standards, the Defense and Energy Departments focus on national security. And national security can be a messy business, involving everything from motor oil to munitions waste. And even national security is no excuse for leaving a mess in your neighbor's backyard.    As we drill down into specifics on an agency-by-agency basis, we will learn that some of our Federal partners are more successful than others in juggling these dual responsibilities to their core mission and to protecting land and water. The agencies' challenges are not uniform, and neither are their budgets.    We have four objectives today. The first one is to get a detailed update on where agencies stand on meeting their good-neighbor obligations. The second one is to find out what the challenges are and how those challenges vary from agency to agency. The third one is to understand what the resource management relationship is between each of these agencies and the EPA. And, finally, to get GAO's perspective on who is doing a good job, who is not, and what they can do to improve.    Next week, a second panel for this hearing will provide the state perspective. Under our system of government, states have primary responsibility for protecting their own natural resources, including land and water, from environment degradation. But a state's challenge is made more difficult, if not impossible, to meet if the entity responsible for the environmental mess is a Federal agency, with all the power that status implies.    After the episode last month in Colorado with the release of contaminated water into the Animas River, I wouldn't be surprised if some in our audience thought first of EPA when they heard the phrase ``Federal agency responsible for an environmental mess,'' but the Colorado mine release is not the focus of this hearing.    Since we first got the news of the blowout, our committee has been looking into the Colorado mine incident on a separate track from this hearing. At the beginning, we had lots of questions and almost no answers. Gradually, we have been piecing together the facts as best we can. We are not finished yet. I trust our friend Mr. Stanislaus and everyone in the administration will cooperate with our committee as we pursue that inquiry.    Correct, Mr. Stanislaus?    And he shakes his head ``yes.''    Thank you.    Today I hope that we can focus on the Federal facilities issue and whether important agencies such as the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy are good neighbors and good stewards of the land and water that they touch wherever they have a presence.    I will now just end with--my background is also as a military officer, understanding national security and the challenges that face us. So the balancing of that and also being a good neighbor toward folks is very important to me, but I would also want to say I appreciate the work that the DOE and the Department of Defense does in protecting our citizens.    With that, I yield back my time and yield 5 minutes to the ranking member, Mr. Tonko.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    I would like to submit, with unanimous consent, a statement for the record from Chairman Upton for his opening statement.    Mr. Shimkus. Is there anyone on the majority side wishing to seek time?    Seeing none, the chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    I would now like to recognize--and I will introduce you when your time comes to speak.    First would be the Honorable Mathy Stanislaus, Assistant Administrator, Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.    Your full statement is in the record. You have 5 minutes. And welcome back.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Mark Whitney, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Environmental Management with the U.S. Department of Energy.    Sir, you are welcome. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Next, I would like to recognize Mr. John Conger, performing the duties of the Assistant Secretary of Defense, Energy, Installations, and Environment, U.S. Department of Defense.    You are recognized for 5 minutes, and welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much. And, again, we welcome you here.    Now, Mr. Alfredo Gomez, no stranger to this committee, Director of Natural Resources and the Environment at the U.S. Government Accountability Office.    Welcome. You have 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Before I start with my questions, we are going to have two panels. The second panel is going to have the states represented, along with another person, who we don't know who that is yet. But it was the intent to maybe have it all on one panel so you could hear the concerns posed by the states. And it is my hope that you all will follow up and at least listen to the second panel.    There are always 10 legislative or business days with followup questions, so a lot of the followup questions that we will present in writing will be based on the second panel testimony. I think it is going to be instructive and educational, and I hope you pay attention to that also.    Having said that, let me start with my questions.    Mr. Stanislaus, do you think that Executive Order 12580, in delegating lead cleanup status to agencies that may have caused contamination at a Federal facility and which are responsible for paying for cleanups, creates a potential conflict?    Mr. Shimkus. So let me ask this again. Do you think that the funding mechanism--OK, so you have a Federal agency; they have a contaminated site. They are, because of the Executive order, given the authority for remediation, but the funding also comes out of their own budget.    Does that cause a conflict? Does that make it difficult? Do they then make up--are they making a cost-benefit analysis based upon budgetary outlays?    Mr. Shimkus. So let me go to Mr. Whitney.    This is really the genesis of the questions that I am going to have for all the panelists. In the situation where DOE is both the primary responsible party and the lead agency making remedial decisions, can you understand the potential conflict, concern about conflict, and the worry that remedial decisions may be based on budgetary considerations?    Mr. Shimkus. But you are still the lead agency, whether there is an oversight role or not?    Mr. Shimkus. OK.    And, really, Mr. Conger, same question.    Mr. Shimkus. Let me go back to Mr. Whitney.    What happens if two different Federal agencies assert lead agency authority?    And, Mr. Conger, you can address it too.    For example, if one agency currently owns the property but another agency caused the contamination, which agency, in fact, has the lead agency authority?    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Conger, are you aware of that?    Mr. Shimkus. And we are not trying to play gotcha. A lot of this stuff is way before we were better environmental stewards, more focused on it. And so this is not an attempt at gotcha. It is just clarifying the record, trying to get answers for our questions.    I want to make sure I get to Mr. Gomez for my last question.    In your written testimony, you recommend that Congress should change section 120 of CERCLA to add a deadline for Federal agencies to complete their preliminary assessments. Can you explain that? Please explain that.    Mr. Shimkus. So your recommendation is that the EPA have an enforceable deadline, and in your analysis you don't really choose what that is.    Mr. Shimkus. OK. Great. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.    My time has expired, and I yield to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Harper, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Oh, you are going to get one.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    The chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oregon, Mr. Schrader, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's----    Mr. Shimkus. And the gentleman knows that you can submit questions for the record in written form.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Colorado, Ms. DeGette, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Would the gentlelady yield for a second?    Mr. Shimkus. So we invited----    Mr. Shimkus. That is right. I am the chairman.    Mr. Shimkus. We invited Department of Interior to testify. They, in essence, said they wouldn't. They did say they would submit a statement. They only sent it when we reminded them that they said they would send a statement. So maybe some followup on the Department of Interior might be appropriate.    Mr. Shimkus. And maybe they will reconsider coming back next time we ask them.    So thank you.    Now I would like to recognize my colleague from North Carolina, Mr. Hudson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Your time has expired.    Just a point of clarification. This Executive Order 12580 is an answer to why we have--and Mathy is talking about items on the National Priorities List, but there are many that aren't on there. And then the question is, who is responsible for those? That is part of the hearing.    Now I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green.    Mr. Shimkus. Let me just chime in with your last 10 seconds.    I think what we have heard is everyone views the States as a partner, but no one is required to treat the State as a partner. And that is part of what our hearing is trying to get to.    So, with that, now we would like to welcome a member of the full committee, not on the subcommittee. We welcome here to the subcommittee Mr. Luj AE1an from New Mexico.    And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Luj AE1an. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank the ranking member for holding this important hearing today.    As you all know, where this breach ran into was in the Third Congressional District of New Mexico, into San Juan County, into the Animas River, which flows from Colorado to New Mexico, as well as to the Navajo Nation and to our brothers and sisters out in Utah and Arizona, as well as Colorado, that were all impacted.    One of the concerns that I had as we began to learn about this issue, it wasn't through an alert from law enforcement officials, from officials that work for the Federal agencies; it was through a news feed, may have even been a Twitter feed, that our office was alerted to.    And so we need to figure this out, to make sure that when there are disasters like this that are created, created by people as opposed to a natural disaster, that everyone is alerted promptly and timely.    Since this incident, it appears that the State of Colorado is working to improve their communication systems to local governments, but I am not certain that we have seen what we are going to do with the EPA and, for that matter, for every Federal agency that there could be a system like this that sadly could hurt communities with a mistake that is made.    So, Mr. Stanislaus, according to an EPA memorandum, the release occurred on August 5 at 10:51 a.m. However, EPA headquarters, Region 6, and Region 9 were not notified until 11 a.m. The next morning. I just shared that my office found out through news accounts. San Juan County officials, Navajo Nation leaders, and the New Mexico Environment Department were not notified. They found out the same way that we did, is my understanding.    So that is unacceptable, and we need to fix this and learn from this. So what are we doing to improve notification procedures down to downstream communities as well as impacted communities?    One of the suggestions that I shared with Administrator McCarthy yesterday was looking to see what we could do to piggyback off of the AMBER Alert system for abducted children or to the national natural disaster alert system and weather disaster system, which notifies everyone with their mobile phones, on billboards, as everything happens. There is no reason that when something like this that tells people you can't drink water, you can't get in the water, you can't water your animals, you can't irrigate, that we can't use something like this.    So can you share a little bit with what we can do and how we might be able to work with you, with the committee, to see what we could do to work with a system like that for alerts in the future?    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman's time has expired. And we thank him for his attendance, look forward to working with him.    Again, the open question submissions for the record for about 10 business days, if you could get back to us. And I think there will probably be some followups.    We appreciate it. We have a ways to go. And I do want to encourage you to stay tuned for the second panel, because I do think there is a--states are, in many cases, good partners and work well, but there are some concerns, as I think we will hear in the next panel.    So I appreciate it. And, with that, we will recess this hearing for the second panel next week.    The subcommittee met, pursuant to call, at 4:04 p.m., in room 2322, Rayburn House Office Building, Hon. John Shimkus, (chairman of the subcommittee) presiding.    Present: Representatives Shimkus, Harper, Pitts, Murphy, Latta, McKinley, Bucshon, Tonko, and Pallone (ex officio).    Staff Present: Will Batson, Legislative Clerk; David McCarthy, Chief Counsel, Environment and Economy; Tina Richards, Counsel, Environment; Chris Santini, Policy Coordinator, O&I; Chris Sarley, Policy Coordinator, Environment and Economy; Dan Schneider, Press Secretary; Dylan Vorbach, Staff Assistant; Jacqueline Cohen, Minority Senior Counsel; and Alexander Ratner, Minority Policy Analyst.    Mr. Shimkus. We are going to call the hearing back to order. This is the second day and the second panel of a hearing that we started on Friday.    We are glad to have you here. So all the opening statements have been done, so you don't have to listen to that.    I will introduce you individually. You will have 5 minutes for your opening statement, and then your official statement is filed in the record already. And then we will go to questions. So thanks for coming.    OK. So first we have Ms. Elizabeth Dieck, director of environmental affairs for the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control, on behalf of ECOS, Environmental Council of the States, who have become good friends of mine.    And we are glad that you are here. Welcome. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much. Great to have you.    And now I would like to turn to Ms. Bonnie Buthker, chief of Southwest District Office for the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency, on behalf of ASTSWMO.    You are recognized for 5 minutes. Welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    And, finally, I will turn to Mr. Michael Houlemard, executive officer of Fort Ord Reuse Authority.    And before I ask him to begin, I think the minority staff is pretty smart or they got lucky. The Monterey area and Fort Ord is my last duty station. So I served there when it was a jewel. And there are great locations there--beautiful golf course, new housing. I was just there a couple years ago--and University of California Monterey, which is very exciting. But obviously, there is a lot of the post that still has issues and challenges.    So we are happy to have you here. Monterey is the second-most-beautiful spot on the face of the Earth, right behind the 15th District of Illinois. And so we are glad to have you here.    Mr. Shimkus. You are welcome, and it is great to have you.    So I will now open it up for the line of questions, and I will recognize myself, 5 minutes for the first round.    And I asked this line of questions to our Federal witnesses last week, but I am guessing that I will hear different responses from the witnesses on the panel. I did talk to them and say please tune in to hear your voices when I spoke to them a couple times on Friday.    My question stems from the issue of the delegation of the present CERCLA authority under Executive Order 12580 to other Federal agencies who are also potential responsible parties. And it is really the same question to all of you, and we will just go first to Ms. Dieck.    Is there a conflict when a Federal agency is a potential responsible party because it caused the contamination or owns the contaminated property but the same agency is also the lead agency responsible for making cleanup decisions? Why or why not?    Mr. Shimkus. Ms. Buthker, same question. And I can restate it if you need it, but----    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Houlemard?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    And a followup to Ms. Dieck: Your written testimony acknowledges that States are concerned that when Federal agencies assert sovereign immunity and when they assert a CERCLA lead agency authority under Executive Order 12580 that this has led to, in quotations here, ``inappropriate or inconsistent interpretations of state law that have not supported cleanup to the same standards as private parties,'' close quote.    Can you explain what you mean by this?    Mr. Shimkus. And, in my final time, in this debate of cleanup, the cost, the agency that could have created the problem is directed to clean up, but of course they do it based upon the money available.    If you were to object--first of all, do you have a right to object? And then is that where the claim of sovereign immunity comes in, saying, well, thank you, but we can do whatever we want anyway?    Mr. Shimkus. Anyone else have----    Mr. Shimkus. And you would agree, Mr. Houlemard?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you. And I apologize for going over.    Now the chair recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time, and we thank him.    The chair now recognizes the vice chair of the committee, Congressman Harper, from Mississippi, 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time members.    And, for us members, DSMOA is Defense-State Memorandum of Agreement. So I am watching acronyms here.    So the chair now recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    We thank you for that suggestion. And we all mourn the passing of Paul, and that is a good memory of Paul, of successful legislation, bipartisan, that was moved and passed.    So now I would like to recognize, looks like, obviously, the member who took the seat of Paul Gillmor, Bob Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Yes. Thank you.    The gentleman yields back his time.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    That is all the members seeking time to ask questions. We appreciate you all being here. I think there is--with the comments from the ranking member of the full committee, there may be some issues that we can talk--on brownfields, and we will see where we go from here.    That is why we have hearings, to identify problems and maybe address solutions. And I look forward to working with my ranking member, Mr. Tonko, as we have successfully in the past, and maybe there is something we can do.    With that, I will adjourn the hearing. Thank you for coming.