    Ms. Clarke. I thank you, Mr. Chairman and I thank our ranking member. Good afternoon, Chairman Wheeler, and to the entire panel of commissioners seated before us today.    My time is short so I want to get right to my question. Mr. Chairman, as you know some of my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and I have expressed our concerns about the potential irreparable harm the set top box proposal could have on small minority programmers, content providers, and broadcasters. This concern was also expressed recently by Adonis Hoffman, a former chief of staff to a Democratic FCC commissioner, ``If the FCC adopts the Wheeler proposal in a final order later this year, it will embed a regime that creates more, not fewer hurdles for smaller players, new entrants, and minority content providers to pierce the Silicon curtain.''    Mr. Chairman, you continue to have said that you don't believe that this disruption will harm or limit minority and independent programming. So, has the FCC gathered evidence to this effect? Has a disparity study been conducted to surface the unintended consequences of this proposal for programmers whose viability is not only driven by increased viewership but also proven business models?    Ms. Clarke. OK, so there has been no study. No. OK.    Ms. Clarke. OK. So, I have asked the Congressional Research Service to perform a study on the impact of the set top box proposal on small and minority programmers and content providers and broadcasters. I consider this a reasonable request. Would you consider delaying the rulemaking until the report is completed and to work with the committee to address any concerns that may be raised by a report?    Ms. Clarke. So you would consider a delay?    Ms. Clarke. OK, we can talk about that.    Ms. Clarke. Commissioner Clyburn, I want to commend and congratulate you on all your efforts on inmate calling services. It has meant so much to so many families across our nation and I know it will happen.    I have a question about the modernization of the Lifeline program. I am hearing from many constituents that they are concerned with a portion of the proposal that would start charging for services that have been free for years. I think that has been a consistent theme here this morning. Would you further explain the proposal of the modernization of the Lifeline program?    Ms. Clarke. Well, what we are attempting to do, and it was a very simple, for me, objective to ensure that the Lifeline program looks much like everyone else's offerings and options and opportunities. Right now, it just goes to finance voice services and we believe in a 21st century economy world that is insufficient.    So, we are still in a deliberative stage. I have heard concerns, as I mentioned in my opening remark from consumers that are concerned, particularly on a mobile voice problem--a mobile voice consider it to be a problem here.    But what I want to assure you is I am going to take all of those into considerations because I want, as I have the option to pay little, none, or more, depending on my ability and what I want from the market and that is what we are attempting to create all price points starting at zero.    Ms. Clarke. So, my question is related to the maintenance of the voice service for constituents that may not have access to high speed broadband or may not want to adopt the modern technology because they are seniors or disabled or perhaps less literate. Is the FCC being too presumptuous that broadband will be competitively available to all Americans in the next 3 years, as outlined in the agency's draft proposals?    Ms. Clarke. Very well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you very much.