    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for a very timely hearing. I would ask that we schedule a Classified hearing, briefing with some of these intelligence community to get a little different intake--input.    Mr. Duncan. Yes. Thank you. So Director Rasmussen, al-Qaeda--they are still alive and well, right? They are still a threat to freedom, global freedom?    Mr. Duncan. In fact, I would say that al-Qaeda, ISIS, al-Qaeda in all of its elements, AQAP, AQ MINA, Boko Haram, al-Shabaab, Abu Sayyaf--all these terrorist groups are still active, right?    Mr. Duncan. So we shouldn't take our eye off the ball with just focusing on ISIS and think of this globally and not get hung up on the 50 shades of terrorism, talk about terrorism about terrorism, that these groups are a threat all over the globe.    So let me lay out a scenario that actually happened. I led a CODEL back in late May to Europe. Right before we arrived in Brussels, a foreign fighter had traveled to Syria about a year, I believe, maybe 18 months, radicalized, came back through Turkey, through Germany into Brussels, shot up a Jewish museum, killed three people. A fourth one was wounded. I don't know if that person died or not or remember that.    That was right before we arrived. It was very--it was very real to the Belgians. It was very real to the French because this foreign fighter fled out of Belgium through France and was captured in Marseilles, trying to catch a boat or a plane to North Africa. Had he gotten out of Europe into North Africa, he would have disappeared.    This was a foreign fighter that took advantage of the Schengen region, the open borders in Europe. From what I remember from talking with the folks in Europe at that time is that Germany had information about this individual who had traveled through Germany but failed to share in a timely manner with either the Belgium or the French authorities.    So I am concerned--(A), Mr. Chairman, you brought up the point of Visa Waiver. I am concerned with the whole Schengen open travel, open border region and visa waiver and the ability of foreign fighters to flow to this country. I am also concerned about the open borders and the ability to of foreign fighters to get back to Europe, travel to Marseilles or to the south of France, and hop over from Portugal or Spain into North Africa and disappear, or maybe rejoin the fight with Boko Haram or al-Shabaab, or travel back to the Middle East and continue these evil acts.    So in a post-Snowden environment, where I believe the reason Germany was slow to inform the French or the Belgians was because of intelligence sharing and what was being revealed at the time about the United States spying on Chancellor Merkel.    So in the post-Snowden environment, let me ask you, are we communicating with our allies in the region, our global allies in this war on terror? How do you see that communication being hampered in the post-Snowden era? Either one. I would rather--let's talk to Mr. Taylor first.    Mr. Duncan. Mr. Rasmussen, in 41 seconds.    Mr. Duncan. Yes. I thank the gentleman. My time is expired. But communication is key in this realm, and I think you have acknowledged that.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the lenience, and I yield back.