    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to point out that my good friend Mr. Jeffries is comparing apples and oranges. There is nobody in Congress who is trying to defund Homeland Security except for the Democrats. We actually funded fully the Department of Homeland Security, except for the President's illegal and unconstitutional actions. It seems like my friends on the other side are willing to put 5 million illegals ahead of the safety and security of the United States.    I just want to make that clear, because we passed a bill that fully funds--in fact, as was previously stated, not only fully funds but funds above the levels that the President asked for. We completely funded the Department of Homeland Security. The only people that are stopping this funding are Democrats in the Senate that are not even willing to listen to an argument why we should have this bill passed through Congress.    So there is nobody here on my side who is trying to defund this.    Mr. Legomsky, I listened to your testimony. I have been sitting here the whole time. I understand you are a professor of law, and you also were the chief counsel for USCIS. Is that correct?    Mr. Labrador. Did you ever practice immigration law? Did you ever do private practice?    Mr. Labrador. Okay, I did 14 years of private practice in immigration law, and I defended and represented a lot of people who were in legal jeopardy in the immigration system.    What do you think one of the attorneys working for ICE or one of the attorneys working at the time for INS would have said if I would have gone up to them and said, Mr. Attorney or Mrs. Attorney, could you please give me prosecutorial discretion because you guys don't have enough funds to enforce the law in the United States? What do you think the answer would have been to my little office in Idaho?    Mr. Labrador. I asked that many times, and you know what the answer was every single time? No. Because they never did that, because you are confusing what is really happening here. And I have been listening to you very clearly.    You said, your own words were that the there is direct criteria, so there is a threshold of criteria. Can you name one case that has been put in deportation or removal proceedings, just one case that has been put in deportation or removal proceedings, that has met the threshold of criteria?    Mr. Labrador. Just one case.    Mr. Labrador. Have they provided that information?    Mr. Labrador. Professor Blackman, could you address that question?    Mr. Labrador. So are you saying fraud in the application or previous fraud?    Mr. Labrador. And those are criteria, especially the fraud criteria, that would make you ineligible for any form of relief under immigration law.    Mr. Labrador. Okay, let us talk now, you say it is not illegal to tell a person we are not going to proceed against you, right? That isn't putting you in differed action. And I think you have been misleading us a little bit. I don't think you are doing it on purpose, because I have really enjoyed your testimony. But there is a difference between not deporting somebody, not putting somebody in removal proceedings, and putting them in deferred action, is there not?    Mr. Labrador. No, but the reason you are doing it is because you want to grant them benefits. That is the main difference.    I had cases where they were put into deferred adjudication, and it is because there was some criteria that they met. They were either helping the prosecutor, they were helping the local police. There was some criteria that they needed to stay in the United States so they could be granted affirmative benefits. That is why we have deferred adjudication.    Sometimes immigration chooses not to deport somebody, but the reason you put somebody in differed action is to grant them a specific benefit.    That is what this Administration is doing. This Administration is deciding not just that we are not going to deport people. They are saying we want to put them in a criteria that, under the law, they are going to receive specific benefits, and they are doing that.    So could this President say tomorrow that I want every person who is here in the United States illegally from Mexico, I want to put them in deferred action? Could he say that?    Mr. Labrador. You know, you keep saying that. They can always suspend the money. That is the most ridiculous statement I have heard. They will always spend the money. The question is, does he have the discretion to just pick one category of people and say that I am not going to deport you. That has never been done in immigration. It was always done on a case-by-case basis. And at this point, this President has decided not to do it on a case-by-case basis but to categorize groups of people and put them into a category that grants them benefits. And that is illegal.    Mr. Labrador. Based on TPS, and something that the law already granted the President the authority to do, so let us not make that----