    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. And, without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have an important hearing today, ``Reviewing the Rising Price of EpiPens.'' Anaphylactic shock will kill about 1,500 people a year. Roughly four people a day will die if they don't get the proper dosage of epinephrine. It's one of the ways that you can stop your child or your loved one from dying if they are going into this shock.    This is a generic drug that's been around for about 100 years, and it works, it's a good product. People, parents, they need this. It's not optional for somebody who has severe allergic reactions to a whole variety of things.    But what we're here to discuss today--and believe me, trying to drive into the depths of individual drug pricing was not something I set out to initially do--but it doesn't take very long to talk to parents or talk to people who are afraid that if this EpiPen is not within arm's reach when their young child suddenly needs it, you don't have to talk to somebody very long to figure out that they have to have this. It's not optional.    And so here's the concern. Here you've got a drug that's been on the market for 100 years, costs roughly a dollar, the actual juice that's in here that you need costs about a dollar. But the price of this has gone from, roughly, $99 for one to more than $600 for two in a very short amount of time. You literally see year over year where the price will jump $100 here and $100 there. It's a product that is not available on insurance plans, a lot of insurance plans, it's not mandated like some of the other things in ObamaCare are mandated.    And so suddenly you have people who can't afford what is a 1-year dose, right? There's an expiration date of a year. So you get two of them. Some families I've talked to have 10 of them, because they need them in the car, in the backpack, they have them all over. And now we're talking about more than $600 to the consumer to have two of those. And so we've got a lot of questions.    Now, Mylan, as best I can tell from afar looking at it, has done a lot of good in the world and they offer a lot of good products. But of the 635 products they offer, this generates about 10 percent, about 10 percent of their revenue is found in this one product.    Now, they're here to tell us that they make about $50 profit, which I find a little hard to believe, and that's why I think it's important that the CEO, and I appreciate her willingness to come in and talk to us, is telling us that, well, the middleman makes more than we do. We get less than half of that revenue actually goes to Mylan.    But here's what doesn't add up for a lot of people, and believe me, I'm a person who believes in profit, in profit motivation: You have five executives in 5 years that earned nearly $300 million in compensation. And this is, by all accounts, as best I can tell, one of their biggest revenue drivers and one of the biggest revenue items.    They used to have a competitor. That competitor dropped out of the market, I believe it was 2010. I could stand to be corrected, but I believe it was 2010. When that other product left the market, the product price zoomed. It just went up.    So here's yet but another example of a life-saving drug that you have to have, if you don't have it you're going to die, and there's no competition. Which brings us to why we have Mr. Throckmorton here from the FDA.    One of my concerns, based on the sole economics of it, right, basic economics, you have a generic product that's been on the market for 100 years and suddenly you see this massive rise in the cost, the price to consumers. That would signal to entrepreneurs that there is an ability to make a profit. And when you understand that the cost of goods for the juice is only a dollar, the delivery vehicle, which is unique and it's innovative, there's a cost to that too, but when the juice is a dollar and they're selling it for $600, there's some room for some profit.    But if new market entrants aren't able to submit an application and get it through the FDA, then guess what? You have, in this case, Mylan, who is able to market a product, quickly raise the price, bring home an exorbitant amount of profit, with no competition.    It was actually my brother who said, ``Hey, why are you trying get in the business of some private entity and how they price?'' I said because the market forces aren't at work. Competition cannot be in there. Competition would be good. It would help drive down the price. So we want to hear about the FDA approvals.    And the last thing I would also mention here along the way: Suddenly, feeling the heat, feeling the pressure, Mylan has offered a generic version and cut the price in half. So that does beg the question, what was happening with that other $300? I mean, driving the price down is great, but Congress shouldn't be micromanaging that.    But I do think this is worth exploring because we, again, saw one, a different drug earlier this year that we did a hearing, and here we are again. And my guess is, if it's happening in these two instances, it's probably happening in others, maybe not as egregious, maybe not as big of a rapid rise. But I find this to be so extreme.    And we're talking about tens of millions of Americans who have to have it, there's no competition, it's extremely expensive, it's not covered under insurance, there is not the competition, it is driving exorbitant profits, and that's why I think myself and Mr. Cummings are very jointly united in trying to address this, understand it better. We may have different solutions to it.    But let's come back to my original premise: Parents don't have a choice. If your child, your loved one has to have this, it better darn well be in that backpack. It better be there. It better be at school. And we want to try to offer some understanding and some relief to those parents and those people that go through that, because every day four people a day are going to die because they don't have this product handy.    I now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who wish to submit a written statement.    We'll now recognize our panel of witnesses. We're pleased to welcome Dr. Douglas Throckmorton, deputy director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research at the United States Food and Drug Administration, and Ms. Heather Bresch, chief executive officer of Mylan.    We welcome you both, and thank you for being here.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    And let the record reflect that both witnesses answered in the affirmative.    We would now like to recognize you each for 5 minutes. We'll be liberal in the time. If you want to go a bit longer than 5 minutes, that's fine. But we want to make sure we maximize the time for members asking questions. Your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    Dr. Throckmorton, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Bring that microphone way up close. We're going to ask you some questions. Bring it uncomfortably close.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Bresch, you're now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I'll now recognize myself.    Ms. Bresch, you never anticipated it? You raised the price. What did you think was going to happen?    Chairman Chaffetz. So here is what I don't understand. Explain to me, when you buy the generic version, what's the difference in the generic version? Is it just the name?    Chairman Chaffetz. So suddenly it's $608. Now you're going to have a generic of the generic, and that's going to be $300?    Chairman Chaffetz. And if they spend 300, I'm sorry, they get two?    Chairman Chaffetz. So your revenue is actually going to go up on the direct product because you say you only get $275 now. You're going to get $300, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're actually raising the price. You're actually raising the price.    Chairman Chaffetz. You're going to have more revenue.    Chairman Chaffetz. How does your net per pen go down when you're collecting, as you say, I don't know that I believe you, but $274, and under the direct program you're going to collect $300?    Chairman Chaffetz. Which is the same on both.    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait a sec, Ms. Bresch, come on, you're very bright here. If you're collecting $274 or $275 for two right now, and you're going to do the generic to save people money, you're going to charge $300, your revenue goes up. How does it go down?    Chairman Chaffetz. And the only thing you changed was the name. The only thing you changed is the name. This is why we don't believe you, is that if the price goes from 608 to 300, your collection on that is actually higher, and you're telling me that your net profit is going to go down?    Chairman Chaffetz. You said you're going to sell it direct.    Chairman Chaffetz. How much does that cost to a consumer? $300 is what you told us.    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait, wait, the patient reduces the cost. Explain that to me.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, it's unprecedented to raise the price $500--or 500 percent. So you're raising it to lower it, but your net revenue goes up. How can you claim it goes down?    Chairman Chaffetz. You said you're telling it direct for 300.    Chairman Chaffetz. You've got to help clarify this for us because this does not make sense. And I don't know how you suddenly offer that generic.    Let me go to Dr. Throckmorton for a second.    What is the current FDA backlog overall, not just for the epinephrine, overall what is the current backlog on the drug approvals at the FDA?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what's that number?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many epinephrine-oriented products are in the pipeline right now?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no, wait. Do you know that number?    Chairman Chaffetz. We're having a hearing about this. Do you know that number?    Chairman Chaffetz. Look, here's the thing. They may tell you at the FDA: Hey, we don't ever talk about this. I don't care, okay. Congress doesn't care about that. I want to know how many epinephrine-oriented products are in the queue right now.    Chairman Chaffetz. When can you give me that answer?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you going to get back the answer to the question I asked?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you going to answer the question that I asked?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Mr. Lynch.    Chairman Chaffetz. How hard is it to get this answer? Who knows that answer?    Chairman Chaffetz. It's simply a what?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me talk about it with staff here as this hearing progresses. I don't want to slow it down for just that. But it is a question we want to understand the answer to, and I do think we should be able to get this.    Last question, Ms. Bresch. This came up late in the process. It was a surprise to us. But can you explain or clarify, from your own vantage point, the role that your mother played in this process? I mean, we're reading these articles that seem sensational. I don't know what's true, what's not true. I'm giving you an open-ended opportunity to express your version of what is going on there.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina.    We're now going to recognize the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Duckworth.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Farenthold, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you want to answer?    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize Ms. Plaskett for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. We'll now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I think the gentlewoman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. Members are advised that there is now a vote on the floor. It is anticipated votes will go between an hour and an hour-and-a-half. It's my intention to recognize Mr. Mulvaney of South Carolina for his 5 minutes and then go into recess. We will reconvene no sooner than 6:30, but it might be later until we get done with the vote series.    We'll now recognize Mr. Mulvaney for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired.    The committee will stand in recess and reconvene no earlier than 6:30.    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee will come to order. We're now back after votes, and we'll go ahead and recognize Mr. DeSaulnier for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I'll now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Hice.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Vermont, Mr. Welch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. We would appreciate some clarification on that.    We do have a pharmacist, and I believe the only pharmacist in the House and the Senate, pleased to have him on this committee. We'll now recognize him. Mr. Carter of Georgia.    Chairman Chaffetz. Absolutely.    Chairman Chaffetz. Absolutely.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Ms. Bresch, when could we expect this committee to have that information that was asked by Mr. Carter? What's reasonable?    Chairman Chaffetz. You're the CEO. You've got how many employees?    Chairman Chaffetz. You don't know what he's asking? You want him to ask again?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you what a reasonable date is. A week? Can you get that to us in a week?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay, 10 days. Yes. Ten days. Thank you. Appreciate it.    Let's now recognize Mrs. Watson Coleman for a generous 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We'll now recognize the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Your last comment about reducing the price I find offensive and inaccurate, but let me go first. Is EpiPen, is it a brand drug, or is it a generic drug?    Chairman Chaffetz. Does that mean it's an innovator drug?    Chairman Chaffetz. Wait, wait, wait. Noninnovator drugs are really generics, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you think it's a branded product, but it's a noninnovator drug for the purpose of CMS?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you're familiar that Mylan had to settle a $118 million settlement with the Department of Justice back in 2009, right? Yes?    Chairman Chaffetz. With the Department of Justice to resolve allegations that Mylan had underpaid the rebate obligations in the Medicaid prescription drug rebate program with respect to several other Mylan products, not EpiPen. But you're familiar with that?    Chairman Chaffetz. This is the Justice Department. I'll ask unanimous consent to enter this into the record, dated Monday, October 19, 2009, Justice News, ``Four Pharmaceutical Companies Pay $124 Million for Submissions of False Claims to Medicaid.''    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you or anybody at Mylan spoken with     Chairman Chaffetz. Have you had any of those conversations with CMS about EpiPen or the generic EpiPen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Have you spoken with anybody at Health and Human Services about EpiPen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Nobody?    Chairman Chaffetz. Has anybody at your company been in negotiations or discussions with CMS regarding EpiPen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Who at your company has done that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you get us the names of those people?    Chairman Chaffetz. Within that 10 days?    Chairman Chaffetz. We would also like the names of the people at CMS they've been in discussions with. Can you give us the names of the CMS people that your staff has been working with?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is 10 days reasonable?    Chairman Chaffetz. Because the concern here is that and the question really is, why is Mylan classifying EpiPen as a noninnovator drug?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe that the generic that you are planning to introduce--when, by the way, do you hope to introduce the generic?    Chairman Chaffetz. In the next 90 days or something?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. And are you going to work to classify that as a noninnovator drug or an innovator drug?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. I need to spend a few minutes going through this, this chart that's right next to you. And I also need the help with you--and it's going to take a few minutes; I appreciate the indulgence of the committee--to understand some of the definitions. Mr. Carter pointed out there's a revenue line here that seems to be missing, correct? Let me go first to the Mylan revenue, 274. Define that for me. Is that the average revenue per--what is that? 274, define that.    Chairman Chaffetz. So, in your letter to me and Mr. Cummings of September 15, page 2, at the very top of the paragraph--I'll read here--you write: ``Approximately 85 percent of consumers who are prescribed an EpiPen auto-injector pay less than $200 for a two-unit pack and a majority pay less than $50.''    Is that accurate?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, they're both in the majority, right? Eighty-five percent of consumers who are prescribed an EpiPen auto-injector pay less than $100 for a two-unit pack and a majority pay less than $50.    Chairman Chaffetz. So, of those that purchase the EpiPen, how many do it as a prescription? Do you have to have a prescription?    Chairman Chaffetz. So 100 percent of that universe?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, if your average revenue to Mylan, your Mylan revenue is $274 and the majority of people are paying less than $50, the minority is paying what to get it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So what's the highest number? Is 608 low?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm talking about your revenue.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So that's the average number.    Chairman Chaffetz. And you just told me that the majority pay less than 50 bucks. So I'm trying to figure out with the remainder, what are they paying?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you just told me--look, you told me that you sell 4 million 2-Paks, right? Eight million individual, 4 million 2-Paks.    Chairman Chaffetz. If you multiply 4 million 2-Paks times the $274, you miraculously get to roughly $1.1 billion.    Chairman Chaffetz. So how is it that the majority, according to what you wrote us, pay less than $50 if the majority of 4 million people, just more than 2 million people, are paying less than 50 bucks, how do you get to an average of $274?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you are representing to us that 85 percent of consumers are paying less than 100 bucks and that a majority are paying less than $50. The reason you're having this hearing is not because the public thinks they're getting a good deal. Look, I got a $600 product, and I only had to pay $48. That's not why you're here. They're telling us they are having to pay much greater numbers.    Chairman Chaffetz. How do you define ``profit''? What is profit to you?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, but that's not what you wrote me. You wrote this letter less than a week ago. Here's what you said: ``Among other things, this profit is used to fund research and development and to maintain and improve our facilities across Mylan, in which we invest $1.2 billion this year alone or more than $3 million every day.'' That's not the definition of profit.    Chairman Chaffetz. When there are five executives over 5 years that take out $300 million, where in your P&L does that show up? Does it show up in your profit line? Does it show up in EBITDA? Where does it show up?    Chairman Chaffetz. But that's what you just wrote to me. You said, ``This profit is used for our''--we're supposed to believe that your $50 profit is funding R&D and facilities and all that, because that's exactly--I just read to you verbatim what you wrote to me.    Chairman Chaffetz. When you take the $300 million that the five executives got, where on your P&L does that show up?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm not talking about the $50, the whole thing. Come on, you amortized your fixed expenses and your operating expenses over everything, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Where does that show up in that spreadsheet? Tell me where that number is.    Chairman Chaffetz. I've gone way past. I'm going to come back to this, because your numbers are so askew. It just--it really is troublesome.    Let me recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Just a few questions as we wrap up. On that chart again, I would like to see a definition of ``rebates and allowances.'' I'd like to see a definition for each of those numbers. For instance, cost of goods sold, what do you include and not include in that number?    Chairman Chaffetz. So that's it? What else is in the cost of goods sold?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you buy it as a finished product?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you don't manufacture it?    Chairman Chaffetz. And so you pay them $69 per----    Chairman Chaffetz. Per 2-Pak.    Chairman Chaffetz. For two EpiPens. So that's your turnkey price?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you call ``direct EpiPen auto-injector costs'' of $105, what is in that number?    Chairman Chaffetz. And the number for research and development, your fixed costs, your variable costs at your company, where does that number show up?    Chairman Chaffetz. And not to pick so much on your own personal compensation, none of that comes out of this number, these numbers? You want us to believe that your profit is less than $50?    Chairman Chaffetz. I don't know who the investors of this company are, but, man, I'm telling you: this is some fishy business, because these things do not add up. We would expect a very professional presentation on your P&L, and these dumbed-down versions here do not make sense without the definitions in here. It just feels like you're not being candid and honest with Congress, who is asking you for some very basic information.    Chairman Chaffetz. And your attorneys are over there scrambling. They're all uncomfortable. But you know what? We just want some basic information. You dug this hole for yourself. You guys dug this hole for yourself. We asked for some simple basic information. Don't tell me that you're pulling all your R&D costs and all of your fixed expenses and all your facilities and all of that out of your profit line.    Any responsible P&L, it would lay this out for us. You can make this thing go away by being honest and candid, and we just don't think you are. That's why we're on I don't know what number hour here and we're asking you to provide more information.    And don't come here and tell us that, you know, you're doing the world a favor by increasing the price from $125 to over $600 and everybody else is making money but poor old Mylan. It just doesn't smell right. It doesn't pass the basic sniff test.    Chairman Chaffetz. And I just don't buy the idea that the majority of consumers are paying less than 50 bucks. I mean, that's what you're telling us.    Chairman Chaffetz. Trust but verify. Seeing is believing, the Mylan way. Show it to us. Show it to us.    Chairman Chaffetz. I know. Well, we haven't seen it. So I appreciate you providing that to us.    I have two quick FDA questions here.    Dr. Throckmorton, how many Abbreviated New Drug Applications are pending before the FDA right now?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how long is the average wait time for an approval of a generic drug?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you define what--in fairness, what I asked Ms. Bresch, what's a reasonable time before we start raising the red flag here?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ten days, is that----    Chairman Chaffetz. We would appreciate that.    Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, we'll be following up with both of you within 10 days.    The committee stands adjourned.