    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding and affording me a few minutes to remember our friend and colleague, Mark Takai.    Mark was a valued member of this committee. As a subcommittee ranking member, he made numerous, valuable policy contributions in the area of contracting. Because of his tireless efforts, Native Hawaiian organizations are now eligible to participate in the HUBZone program. He was a strong advocate for working families, and he represented Hawaii with distinction. Perhaps most of all he will be remembered as a devoted father and husband and dedicated family member. I, personally, will remember his warmth, kindness, and friendship. I know we are all praying for and thinking of his wife, Sami, and his two children, Matthew and Kaila.    I will now ask for a moment of silence in remembrance of our friend and distinguished member.    Thank you again, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to speak. I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's hearing.    Each year, the federal government buys over $400 billion in goods and services from businesses all over the country. Recognizing the benefit these contracts have on local communities in terms of economic development and job creation, Congress created a small business program aimed directly at helping regions with low employment and incomes. The Historically Underutilized Business Zone program provides federal assistance to firms located in economically distressed areas by lowering barriers for entry into the federal marketplace for these firms. Ideally, this will not only provide an incentive for selling goods and services to the government, but also create jobs and bring revenue to these struggling areas.    However, since its implementation, the program has faced countless issues, from ensuring that only 35 businesses enter the program to overseeing that businesses maintain their eligibility, to even being able to present evidence that the program is meeting its mission. The SBA has lagged behind from the beginning admitting these basic tasks. In fact, at one point in time, the certification process was so poorly overseen that the GAO was able to certify fake businesses with principal locations at the Alamo and at a Starbucks down the street from the White House.    While GAO's most recent report shows that there have been improvements in the upfront certification process, I am concerned SBA is not doing more to ensure that businesses are adhering to the program's requirements. The recertification process has, for the most part, become a self-certification with later follow-up from SBA. I am eager to hear from today's witnesses on how the program can be reformed to provide sufficient oversight for both initial certification and recertification.    Unfortunately, the problems facing the HUBZone program do not end with certification. For many years, the program's portfolio consisted of businesses that were eligible only because of a grandfathering clause. Once this expired and other areas lost their HUBZone designation, close to 6,000 businesses were decertified. SBA's outreach efforts have been unsuccessful in getting new businesses to enter the program, and nearly 90 percent of HUBZone areas do not have a business participating in the program. This low participation rate has resulted in the failure to meet the 3 percent prime and 3 percent subcontracting goals. In fact, the dollars in actions awarded through this program have continually decreased since fiscal year 2008, with only 71,000 actions worth $6.4 billion or 1.82 percent of prime contracting dollars awarded to these firms in fiscal year 2015. Even then, the program was vastly underutilized as only 25 percent of these actions were awarded through a HUBZone set-aside or sole-source contract. It is clear that reforms are needed to get the HUBZone program on track, and today's hearing will provide information needed to guide this Committee as we formulate legislation to address these issues.    Lastly, I would like to add that one of the primary responsibilities of this committee is to oversee the various programs run by the Small Business Administration. While we have evaluated many of the individual lending programs, we have yet to hold individual hearings on the small business contracting programs, and I hope today is just the first of many hearings held to assess these important programs.    I want to thank the witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to gaining more insight as to how we can make the HUBZone program more effective in meetings its mission.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Shear, let us go back again to what provided the path to lift the cap in Puerto Rico. It was an action of Congress. It was by passing PROMESA. So my question to you is has GAO analyzed whether or not SBA exceeded its authority when they removed the cap without congressional authorization? I think that is the question here.    And then further, how a program that since the first GAO report in 2008, and then 2010, clearly demonstrated there were no oversight mechanisms in place at SBA to prevent the program from being abused. And we have seen the abuse mismanagement of the program and also the fact that there is an issue with the type of communication between SBA and the firms and the information that they provided. Have you analyzed that? I know you provided GAO with information regarding the opinion from your legal counsel. When did this happen? When did it happen?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. The legal----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Have you had any opportunity to analyze it?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Sure. Yes.    Mr. SHEAR.--you asked a multi-part question and please help me through this. The first one is the question of the decision to lift the cap.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Shoraka, do you consider that a big change when he asked you whether or not there had been any policy changes?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. But you had a meeting. SBA had----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I understand, and that is the intent of this committee, and this is why we are doing these type of hearings. But since 2008, you know that different investigations have been conducted, and ineligible firms have been participating within the program. And still, the oversight mechanisms and the metrics that are so needed for us to be able to fix the program have not been provided.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. As I mentioned in my opening statement, we are going to be looking at ways to improve the program that might need congressional action. So I just want to be on record asking that you provide the committee with the type of reforms you consider needed to make this program effective so that those deserving communities get the benefit of the HUBZone program.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.