    Mr. Kelleher. Chairman Roe and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the invitation to Better Markets to testify today.    I would like to discuss just a few points that are detailed in my written testimony.    First, it is unacceptable that brokers and others today are allowed to put their economic interests above their clients' best interests. That conflict of interest is costing Americans saving for retirement tens of billions of dollars every year.    Make no mistake about it. That is what is at stake here and ending that is what the Department of Labor's proposed rule is all about.    Today, tens of millions of hardworking Americans are struggling to make ends meet, provide for their families, and save a little for retirement. Figuring out how to invest those retirement savings forces many to seek investment advice from a broker, but that broker can put his or her economic interests above the client's best interests.    What does that mean?    If there are two similar investments but one pays the broker 5 percent and the other pays the broker 1 percent, then it is perfectly legal today for that broker to advise the client to invest in the product that will cost his client five times what it should be.    Making matters worse, often the products that pay the brokers more don't perform as well as similar products. That means not only has the client paid five times more up front, but he or she is also stuck with a product that doesn't perform as well over time. The client is doubly victimized.    As famed Vanguard founder Jack Bogle has called it, they are victimized by the tyranny of compounding costs.    That is what is happening every day in this country. It is costing Americans tens of billions of hard-earned dollars.    For example, the Department of Labor has detailed that these conflicts in the IRA arena only are costing savers as much as $430 billion over 10 years or $43 billion a year.    Second, the rule governing retirement investment advice is 40 years old; it is outdated and incapable of properly protecting workers and retirees in light of the dramatic and far-reaching changes in the way Americans now have to save for retirement.    When this rule was written 40 years ago, almost all retirement savings were in defined benefit plans which were run by employers and managed by investment professionals with fiduciary duties. Forty years ago, 401(k)s did not exist and IRAs had just been created. Today, 40 years later, 401(k)s have gone from zero dollars to $4.6 trillion and IRAs have gone from $3 billion to $7.4 trillion.    By 2012, 90 million Americans, more than two-thirds of all workers with retirement plans, had individual contribution plans. They are all forced to figure out their own retirement investments. This is a monumental and mind-boggling shift from 40 years ago, and yet the rule has remained frozen in time as if nothing has changed when everything has changed.    As the world has changed, so, too, must the rule change. And the time is now for the Department of Labor to act. It has considered this proposal for years. It has sought and received input from all stakeholders, including, in particular, industry. It has addressed many of the industry's concerns and incorporated many of their suggestions into the proposal, including their priorities.    Yet they continue to object and the reason is clear: They simply do not want to change the status quo and work under a simple principle, a rule that says you must put your clients' interests first.    The industry's complaints, however, boil down to a false choice, either brokers get to put their interests above their clients' best interests or they won't serve those clients. That is a false choice.    The real choice is this: Let the DOL act to protect 100 million workers and retirees across this country or continue letting brokers and other advisers put their interests ahead of their clients'. That is the real choice.    If some brokers don't want to do that or feel that they can't make enough money doing that, then there are plenty of retirement investment advisers who are more than willing to put the clients' interests first and, frankly, today there are tens of thousands of advisers doing that right now across the country with fiduciary duties, low cost, best interest of the client, serving them today, literally hundreds of thousands.    In conclusion, we all agree we have a very serious retirement crisis in this country. Not enough people are saving for retirement and too many of those that do aren't saving enough, as the chairman said in his opening statement.    They need to keep every penny in their retirement accounts and not in their brokers' pockets. That is why updating a 40-year-old rule is so important and why putting the clients' best interests first is imperative.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Kelleher. Yes.    Mr. Kelleher. I am sorry?    Mr. Kelleher. One of the loopholes in the current rule is that if it is not on a regular basis, then it falls outside of a fiduciary duty. And one of the things the new rule is intended to do is to capture actual substantive retirement advice, even if it is only one time.    Mr. Kelleher. It depends on the context. As I understand the rule, if you were giving substantive retirement advice--    Mr. Kelleher. Right.    Mr. Kelleher. It is very clear on education and call centers. Not every person that works in a call center is going to become an adviser. In fact, there is a very broad description as to all sorts of advice that people can use at call centers and elsewhere.    And in fact, the rule on that point is specifically tailored to the input by the industry on this very issue. It hasn't taken away their complaints, notwithstanding they have been addressed rather extensively.    Mr. Kelleher. Well, one of the things that this is focused on is if you put the clients' best interests first, then you can actually evaluate on a level playing field the Chairman's example as well as the Secretary's example. The problem now is that with the very low suitability standard, which allows the broker or the adviser to act in their own best interests above the best interests of their clients, you don't actually know whether the--and I can't remember the chairman's example, I think it was $365,000 the account grew to--that may or may not be actually a good return.    If it is a return and the broker ended up getting 5 percent at the front end and they lost, as Jack Bogle would say, the tyranny of compounding costs and every year he lost x percent where a similar product he could have been put into, he well could have had $495,000, $500,000 or more. You don't know because no one is required currently to act in their best interest.    And that is the core of the problem. Many of the problems and complaints go away if everyone is required to put the clients' best interests first.    Mr. Kelleher. Well, I mean, first, let's look at the facts. In 2010 the Department of Labor proposed a rule and the industry says we are for best-interest standards and they killed the rule. And here we are again.    What they said at the time is the rule is unworkable, withdraw it, consider our input and re-propose it. The Department of Labor did exactly, and I could give you the quotes from 2010, 2011, and 2012, from the titans of the industry who said that; so they withdrew the rule. They have done extensive outreach, unprecedented outreach over the years with the industry.    They have accommodated the industry. The industry said the world will end if we can't charge commissions. So working with the industry, the Department of Labor for years has figured out how to accommodate that complaint.    They could have done what the U.K. did, ban commissions. And by the way, the statement earlier about the U.K. isn't accurate in terms of the response of the industry to that fiduciary standard without commissions. But they have accommodated the commission interest here. And yet, nonetheless, the industry is against it.    So they say they are for a fiduciary standard, but they are never actually for the one that is pending.    And it is interesting because every major labor, consumer, investor, and senior citizen group supports this rule. And a letter went to the chair and ranking member of this committee today from I don't know how many, 40 or 50 of them, detailing that support.    And you started with trust and confidence of the American people and investors. That is what this goes to. Put their best interests first and you will restore trust and confidence.    Mr. Kelleher. The way to align that would be to support a best-interest rule. There are a lot of people running around saying we support the best interest, we just don't want it to be in the rule. And they don't say it that way, and that is the problem.    You know, today there are 90,000 certified financial planners, there are 10,500 registered investment advisers with the SEC representing 200,000 individuals, all of whom provide services in the clients' best interests.    The sky hasn't fallen. They are making plenty of money. They are doing right by their clients. And it proves, the market proves that is not only possible for the client to thrive, but for the business to thrive.    And we also have these new entrants that were mentioned earlier. Rebalance IRA, Wealthfront, Personal Capital, their entry is coming in from small businesses across the country, technology and otherwise, to serve small savers, small businesses as well as large savers and large retirement accounts with a fiduciary duty.    The only question is, is the rule going to put the clients' interests first of the brokers' interests? That is what we are talking about. That is the choice.    And if everybody is going to say I support the best-interest rule for my clients, then stop saying it, step up and support a rule that actually does it.    Five-plus years of warfare against the rule doesn't quite coincide with the pretty words.    Mr. Kelleher. Well, I think if you look at what--the Department of Labor has undertaken unprecedented outreach. Better Markets has participated outreach. Better Markets has participated in the rulemaking process across--    Mr. Kelleher. You mean how much today?    Mr. Kelleher. I don't know if anybody has put a number on it. But I think everybody has conceded that it is a very highly regulated industry, and I think everybody concedes it is appropriate to be a highly regulated industry when you are dealing with people's retirement money--    Mr. Kelleher. And so it is appropriate that we have for everybody the right rules and the right laws in place so that the money from hardworking Americans is treated appropriately in their best interests where they get the best return, lowest cost, best outcome.    Mr. Kelleher. There is also a cost, by the way, of no oversight. A rule that puts the brokers' interests first is costing the American people a fortune.    Mr. Kelleher. So there is actually a cost for poor regulation or no regulation.