    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Waters, and all of the panelists for your testimony today.    We need to remember that Dodd-Frank was a sweeping overhaul of our entire financial regulatory system that was brought on by the largest financial disaster in our history, where we lost, according to the GAO, independent, $22 trillion.    Tens of millions of people lost their jobs. Millions were out of work, and the economists who testified before this committee and others said that this had economic shocks that were 3 to 5 times stronger than the Great Depression, and it was caused by mismanagement of the financial system. And it was the only financial crisis that was totally self-inflicted.    I don't want to go through it again, so I am proud of any effort to stop any type of financial abuse. But one of the principal goals of Dodd-Frank was to improve the safety and soundness of our core banking system, and it was a response to a crisis which showed that many of our largest banks did not have nearly enough capital or nearly enough liquidity.    So it is important to point out that 5 years later, the biggest banks have more than doubled the amount of capital they hold. In fact, they now hold more than $1.1 trillion in capital, and the biggest banks have also nearly doubled their liquidity since the crisis, and they go through now a required annual stress test by the Federal Reserve that the IMF calls state-of-the-art.    So I believe that Dodd-Frank has successfully achieved its goal of shoring up safety and soundness of our banking system that serves our people and serves our country, making it stronger and more resilient. And this will make future financial crises less likely. And I am proud of that achievement.    Now I would like to ask Mr. Silvers about an important financial reform that we passed before the crisis--during that crisis--that I authored, and worked on for 4 years.    It was called the Credit Cardholders' Bill of Rights. Now, some on the panel have claimed that it harmed consumers. But there were two important studies. And I would like to put them into the record. I don't have them with me today. One was done by the Pew Foundation, which said this bill alone saved the American consumers $10 billion a year.    A joint report from New York University, Columbia and another university claimed it saved a whopping $20 billion a year. I call it the ``Maloney Stimulus Package'' because I for one would like to keep that money in the hands of consumers and not in institutions that by all accounts were performing--not all of them--unfair, deceptive, abusive, and anti-competitive practices.    So I would hear stories. It was hard to walk 2 feet without hearing a credit card story. One man was promised $8,000 on your interest. You can buy a car. He bought a car. Two months later, the financial institution raised his interest rate to 30 percent a year--30 percent. He was trapped in debt.    He paid off the car 2 or 3 times. He couldn't get out of debt. And so the Credit Card Bill of Rights cut out lies, cut out abusive practices, and made it fair. Now, banks tell me and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that they get very few complaints on credit cards.    People are not complaining because they are fair and that is what we want. We want fair practices in our financial system. So I don't--I would like to ask Mr. Silvers about the CARD Act. By the way, Rahm Emanuel told me that it continues to poll better than anything the Administration ever did because it touched every consumer in this country.    And I would say that this was a bill that passed with support from both sides of the aisle overwhelmingly.    Do you think the Credit Card Bill of Rights is abusive to American consumers? Do you think keeping their money in their hands is an abusive practice? I would like you to expand on this, if you would, Mr. Silvers.    Mrs. Maloney. We can take your written testimony.