    Ms. Kerrigan. Great. Well, thank you, Chairman Smith. It's a pleasure to be here. Thanks. Good morning to all the committee members. And it's--again, thank you for the invitation. This is a very important issue for our members in the small business sector of the economy.    It should come as no surprise to members of the committee that many small businesses have concerns about federal regulations and the process by which the rules are made. A host of new rules and ones yet to come are piling on at a time when small businesses continue to struggle in a very tough economy. Complying with existing regulations and navigating new rules takes time and significant resources. Business owners are now looking at what's currently in the pipeline, which only perpetuates the uncertainty that's behind less risk-taking and growth.    The period between the recession until now has been challenging for small businesses. A Bank of America survey conducted midyear last year found that only one in five small business owners say they have completely recovered from the Great Recession. So it is times such as these that federal agencies and government policies need to be especially sensitive about how proposed actions impact entrepreneurship and small business growth. After all, even given their struggles and challenges, small businesses and startups still remain the engine of job creation and innovation in our nation.    And it's that understanding that was behind the development and passage of laws meant to protect small businesses from excessive regulation and provide them with some voice in the regulatory process. But unfortunately, there has been a breakdown in the process and responsiveness to their concerns.    So as we enter a period where there will be a change of Administrations, and historically, this has been a time where there is an uptick in new rulemakings, I think you can empathize with the concerns of small business owners who feel that their voice and concerns can be minimized even further. We are concerned that an anticipated regulatory rush could lead to more shortcuts in a process that is meant to look out for small business owners.    The Mercatus Center analyzed data during the midnight regulatory period across Administrations from 1975 to 2006 and found regulatory analysis quality drops and regulatory oversight by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs weakens. As a result, federal agencies produce ineffective regulation, and these rules are more likely to be more costly.    So this is why we do hope there can be some actions, some reforms that will improve the process and make it more accountable and inclusive for the small business community because small businesses are disproportionately impacted by regulation, and I would add more so by environmental regulation. A National Association of Manufacturers' report details the disproportionate cost, which I've included in my written testimony.    EPA's possible activity is of concern given the Agency's history of improper certification of proposed rules when it comes to small business impact. On several major rulemakings, the SBA's Office of Advocacy made it clear that EPA's certification of rules did not comply with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. This was the case, for example, with greenhouse gas rules and the Waters of the United States Rule. In each of these cases, EPA's own analysis contradicted its certification.    The bottom line is that small businesses remain very concerned about what's ahead in 2016 on the federal regulatory front. With an economy that lacks a strong traction and with indications that economic growth may slow further, regulations that raise compliance and energy costs and make it more difficult to compete only create more headwinds for small businesses.    But I am somewhat optimistic. Thankfully, both sides of the political aisle recognize that we have a regulatory problem, a process problem as well. There are solid bipartisan solutions that have been proposed in the House and Senate that begin to chip away at the lack of accountability and to provide small businesses a greater voice and more protection in the regulatory process. And I look forward to discussing these with committee members. Thank you.    Ms. Kerrigan. Got it. I will also add that if you looked at--if you look at the unified agenda that was put out in November 2015, that the Administration will also issue 75 economically significant rules this coming year, and last year, they issued 62 such rules. So there will be an uptick on----    Ms. Kerrigan. --that side as well.    I mean, look at the--as I mentioned in my statement, I mean, we're still dealing, I think, with a very tough economy from the small business perspective. They're very concerned and continue to be about weak sales, sales growth, the direction of the economy in 2016. I think NFIB had--its small business index came out yesterday, which showed they're very concerned about sort of where the economy is headed in 2016 and what that means for sales growth.    So when--so there's a little wiggle room, you know, when it comes to costs, and regulations add costs on these small businesses. They're already dealing with a flood of--I mean, the ObamaCare regulations and regs over the last few years, and if we're--and we're also staring down the--staring at many more workplace regulations, overtime regulations, a whole host of things on top of environmental and energy regulations.    So this cumulative impact has a massive impact on their ability to invest, to grow, to hire new employees, to compete in the marketplace, and to survive, quite frankly.    Ms. Kerrigan. I think I'll address this from the--you know, from the small business impact in terms of, you know, the energy--in terms of, you know, some of these standards and regulations that, you know, there are winners and losers, I think, in the small business community. I mean, certainly, there are those businesses who gain, you know, from these types of regulations and mandates. And--but there's a host of other businesses, you know, the manufacturers and others, that--I mean, these are--they're real costs, you know, involved to the--into their businesses in terms of the changes that they have to make, in terms of their opportunity for growth, in terms of where their capital goes, their competitiveness, et cetera. So, I mean, there's a cost to businesses, to small businesses, and to the people that work for those businesses as well.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, that's a very good question. I--you know, I think the--you know, the point of the--including the National Association of Manufacturers' study, which shows the impact of regulation on small business and the disproportionate impact is that when it comes to smaller firms that--particularly in the manufacturing sector, that it's very difficult to--I mean, they do not have the scale, they don't have the size to, you know, to spread these costs around. And it does cost them more to comply with these rules and regulations.    So I don't have an answer to that, you know, specific question. I mean, I just--from our perspective, I mean, we just want--from a regulatory process perspective, we want the process to do what it's supposed to do in terms of protecting small businesses, to look at the economic impact, to consider their concerns, to mitigate the costs where possible in terms of complying with those rules and regulations.    So--and, I mean, I think both sides of the aisle in terms of--you know, in terms of small business impact and regulation in general, I mean, do agree that, you know, small businesses being sort of undermined, you know, in this process and their voice is not being heard. So----    Ms. Kerrigan. You mean on the--in the environmental side or----    Ms. Kerrigan. --more broadly? I mean----    Ms. Kerrigan. Oh, okay. Well, I mean--well, there's----    Ms. Kerrigan. Right. Right. Well, I'd love to respond to you in a--you know, get with my staff and my chief economist to provide you sort of maybe what the--but if you look at healthcare regulations, the ObamaCare regulations in terms of tax compliance costs, things like that, I mean there are ways, I think, where we can squeeze these costs and make them less burdensome for small businesses.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, the procedure was a huge failure, I think, from a small business perspective. It was a travesty. The--well, there's been this and then other major rulemakings as well where it's obvious that the EPA is not taking its legal responsibilities under the Regulatory Flex Act and its legal responsibilities to--on the impact on small businesses.    But--and the SBA Office of Advocacy, which is a watchdog for the RFA and for small business in the regulatory process, called them out. They said the EPA should pull the rule, begin again, and they did not. But even their economic analysis that the EPA did showed that it would have a pretty significant impact on small businesses. But their certification where they said it would not impact small business obviously contradicted their economic analysis.    So that's very disheartening to small businesses in terms of the process failure. A law that was meant to protect them and where they feel they have some voice and input into the process is totally broken, and obviously we need to fix that.    And, you know, in terms of the impact the agricultural sector, the home-building sector, you know, any type of business that's looking, you know, to build out and expand its facility, a lot of the economic development projects that you see happening not only in--you know, in inner cities but in rural America, I mean, this is going to have a huge impact in terms of costs or the ability for any of these projects to move forward.    So--but we're happy to see that it's in the--we shouldn't have to go to the legal process, obviously, the courts, where we are right now. I mean, EPA should just do this. They should take their job responsibilities seriously.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, with the Clean Power Plan, there was a very hastily arranged last-minute, you know, type of panel that they put together. I think they were sort of shamed into that, but it really did not have a meaningful agenda, and obviously, they didn't consider the impact on small business.    Their--in the Tailoring Rule, that was another instance where they--in their economic analysis or in their analysis they found that six million small businesses would be impacted, you know, by that regulation, yet they certified that it would not. So, yes, there's been several instances.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes.    Ms. Kerrigan. No.    Ms. Kerrigan. I am--I'm--I am President and CEO of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council. We are an organization that represents small business owners. And I have been in this capacity for more than 20 years.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, that might not surprise me in terms of a--being invited to a committee and perhaps having a corporation recommend, you know, if they're working with staff that I testify before the committee.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes. We have a variety of corporate partners----    Ms. Kerrigan. --who support our organization.    Ms. Kerrigan. I did probably. I mean, I--I mean, it was a legitimate industry so--I have to look at what the context of the letter is, though. If I could see that letter and if you have access to it, I'd----    Ms. Kerrigan. Right.    Ms. Kerrigan. I wouldn't call it good for health, no.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, I think it all starts at the beginning of the process, the federal regulatory process. And you're right, there needs to be a balance. I mean, regulation is essential to the functioning of our society, to the environment, to health, to the free market, to business, to job creation.    But--and there has been protections in place in law where that type of small business input and engagement, along with the economic analysis and the analysis that's supposed to take place, to look at what the impact will be on small businesses. I think the dialogue needs to take place before the rule is proposed. And in fact, in January of 2011 when the President issued his executive order on regulation, which built on Clinton's Executive order, I mean, that was one of the pieces that he put in there, that regulations where it's appropriate and where it's feasible should bring in stakeholders, small businesses, other groups at the front end of the regulatory process before the regulations are even proposed.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes. I mean, we definitely need more transparency, I think, on the economic analysis side, the scientific data, I mean, all the data and the technical information that's being used to justify the regulations. And in terms of if we're seeing any more, I'm not quite sure. I don't think so. Again, we were--we had some hope with President Obama's Executive order in January of 2011, which again said that we are--that scientific and technical information, I mean, the goal was--I think there was actually a requirement and where possible to begin moving this stuff online so that everyone can see it on Regulations.gov so the regulatory--regulated community could also see it.    But as you noted, with subpoena power you're not getting this data----    Ms. Kerrigan. --and I think--I mean, the ozone rule and the underlying data in that very significant regulation--I know you've subpoenaed for that information and you're not getting it. So I don't see any sign of transparency----    Ms. Kerrigan. --in that regard.    Ms. Kerrigan. Sure.    Ms. Kerrigan. Sure. No, sorry about that. Well, cost. I mean, you know, look at--we--it's a very difficult economy. I mean, there is--you know, in terms of wage growth is not growing. There's a lot of cost and, you know, with--for example, under the, you know, Clean Power Plan, if you're going to have electricity costs that are going to be jacked up anywhere between, you know, 5 or 20 percent depending upon which country--which part of the country you live in. I mean, this is--that's real money. That's real money.    And in sectors, too, for example, you know, the whole coal industry and some of these mining towns that are being wiped out. I mean, the small businesses and their employees because of--you know, because of rules that are--you know, that are affecting coal.    So it impacts--it has a very, very difficult--a regressive impact I think, you know, particularly on low-income and middle-income people.    Ms. Kerrigan. You mean, you know, I guess dis-benefits if you will to----    Ms. Kerrigan. --you know, individuals impacted by these regulations? I mean, certainly, it's very--if you lose your job, I mean, you know, that has an impact on access to healthcare, it has an impact on your health in terms of stress and everything that goes along with that, in terms of your ability to provide, you know, for your children and your family. I mean, that's one thing that comes to mind.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, I think the SCRUB Act is a good idea, and I think legislative efforts or the--anything that we can do, I think--or Congress can do to reassert its authority in this area is needed. I know over in the Senate and in the House actually there is bipartisan legislation that would establish a legislative commission to do just that, to, you know, look at all the rules and regulations, see what needs to be not only repealed but modified, changed, updated, modernized, whatever. And I think that's a really good idea because you will get the input from a wide array of stakeholders on that.    Ms. Kerrigan. Yes. I have seen that, and I've seen some other reports with Census Bureau data showing the same thing.    Ms. Kerrigan. And new business creation----    Ms. Kerrigan. --correct.    Ms. Kerrigan. I can't say what--how much, but I do think it does impact. I mean, certainly, I think that the weak recovery, there is an economic--there is a regulatory drag where we haven't had a robust recovery, that regulations have played into the uncertainty where there's a lack of investment, business growth, people taking risks, et cetera. And if you don't have a competence that there's going to be a strong economy, then that's going to impact people willing to start businesses.    Ms. Kerrigan. Well, I mean, certainly the Great Recession had a huge impact on business closures and bankruptcies and all of that. And I--as I noted in my written testimony, one in five small business owners say they haven't fully recovered from the recession. So you know that they're operating under very difficult conditions and there could be something that, you know, it could be a regulation potentially that can put them under.    But I do think there is--again, there's a regulatory drag. I mean, you do mention the Dodd-Frank Act. I mean, there has been legislation that was signed by the President that we supported to allow for equity in debt-based crowdfunding, to improve capital formation and all of that, but, you know, capital access is still very difficult to come by, particularly for startup and high-growth firms.    So I think 2016 will be an interesting year because, you know, businesses still continue to have this same outlook in terms of weak sales and they're not confident in terms of where the economy is going. And you have to have that confidence and that momentum, that traction in the economy and strong growth, I think, to reverse that chart.