    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would like to thank our witnesses for taking the time to be here today. We have covered a lot of ground, and I really don't want to rehash a lot of that. But I really wanted to question you, Mr. Montoya. In your opening statement, you brought up that you had been threatened in the OIG when you are doing some of these investigations. I find that pretty curious. How are they threatening you?    Mr. Tipton. Now, the OIG--obviously, through other Departments--is this just isolated to HUD? Or do you have this type of reaction as you are doing other investigations?    Mr. Tipton. So you haven't experienced it from other appointed officials? This is just something that was isolated to HUD, where you had threats that were coming back--    Mr. Tipton. Okay, thank you. I did want to follow up on Mr. McHenry's question, as well. You had indicated that you have the systemic implementation report that is coming out. And I think there is frustration on both sides of the aisle when we are talking about $843,000, American taxpayer dollars, which are being lost through fraud coming out. When is that report--is that finalized?    Mr. Tipton. I believe so. I think--I am just quoting you. You referred to the systemic implementation report.    Mr. Tipton. So do you feel your report was ignored?    Mr. Tipton. Just by way of timeframe, when did you issue that and the follow-ups, and how long has it been since HUD has responded to you?    Mr. Tipton. Has this been a year, 2 years?    Mr. Tipton. So we have absolutely no idea, and there is no enforcement. They aren't indicating that--do they feel an obligation to get back to you?    Mr. Tipton. Do you think that would be a good idea? In Washington, $843,00 is not a lot of money. But I will tell you, in my hometown, it is.    Mr. Tipton. And was it--in that recommendation or that report, also, a look-back? Because you just cited that after you had put out this report this person slipped through the crack. So was there also a recommendation to be able to have a look-back on employees who were hired in that interim period of time?    Mr. Tipton. Okay, great.    Ms. Perez, I don't want you to feel completely left out. And Mr. Montoya, you might want to speak to this, as well. I am concerned about the lobbying issue, as well, going over. And as I understand, under Section 716 on the Anti-Lobbying Act, the Deputy Secretary is a Presidential appointee. Were any rank and file employees involved in terms of doing the letter or issuing the letter for that lobbying?    Mr. Tipton. And that was at his direction. So it was an abuse of power.    Mr. Tipton. Thank you.