    Chairman Duffy. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations is called to order.    The subject of today's hearing, as evidenced by the rapidly changing graphic on the screens around us, is, ``Unsustainable Federal Spending and the Debt Limit.''    We have a series of votes coming up, so we will proceed with our first panel of witnesses. Welcome to the Honorable Tom McClintock, who represents the 4th Congressional District in California. Next, we have the Honorable Mark Pocan, who represents one of the great States, if not the greatest State, Wisconsin, from the 2nd Congressional District.    With that, Mr. McClintock, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Congressman McClintock.    I would just note that votes have been called. There are 9 minutes on the clock. If this was in December, I would go to you, Mr. Pocan. But we have all realized that the new Speaker is calling votes after 15 minutes.    So with that, if you two don't mind coming back after votes, the subcommittee will stand in recess and will reconvene after this series of votes.    Chairman Duffy. The subcommittee will reconvene.    Just to be clear, without objection, the witnesses' written statements will be made a part of the record. And once the witnesses of the first panel have finished presenting their testimony, the chairman and the ranking member will each have 5 minutes to ask questions.    So with that, we will now go to the gentleman from the great State of Wisconsin, Mr. Pocan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. Hopefully, that is not where it ends.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, Congressman Pocan.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for questions.    I would just note that, giving my friend from Wisconsin a little bit of pushback, we have increased our debt by $8 trillion. And we pay $255 billion a year just to service that debt. And I know that you look for a lot of revenue to spend in a lot of different programs. That is a lot of money that could go to building roads and bridges and helping poor people, that you are actually spending on servicing the debt. So I think this is a real problem that has really negative consequences for our constituents.    I would just also note that when we have looked at the Treasury's internal and secretive analysis, they were looking at prioritizing principal, interest, Social Security, and veterans benefits, so those folks would have been taken care of first.    But to you, Mr. McClintock. You have been working on this bill and have been a champion of it for a very long time. Are you surprised by the pushback that you are getting from the Administration and even from some folks across the aisle and then come to learn that they were doing exactly what you were talking about?    Chairman Duffy. And I would just note that the $255 billion on the $19 trillion is at historic low interest rates. Without even borrowing any more money, it is going to go up just with the increase in rates that are on our horizon. So I think it is important that we note that.    I can't imagine in a family, as you just mentioned, Mr. McClintock, a mom and dad and a couple of kids having some tension about whether or not they can balance their budget. And if dad says, ``Let us not balance ever,'' and then mom says, ``Listen, we have to be fiscally responsible,'' it is going to create tension between the two of them. And if the two of them actually agree that they are never going to pay it, but give it to the kids, I am sure the kids are going to get a little upset at that, too, and go, hey; it is going to create a dialogue. And I think that is what has happened here.    But the point really is, and per your legislation and what we found out within Treasury was, we are going to pay the principal and the interest. We want to make sure American sovereign debt is never in jeopardy. But there is going to be a larger conversation about how we spend.    And maybe to you, Mr. Pocan. I know that when the vote came up on Mr. McClintock's bill--I think my stats are right--almost every Democrat voted against it. And I hear your concern, I think you stated it well. But now knowing that Treasury was actually doing the very thing that Mr. McClintock was talking about, but saying something else publicly, I don't know if those who voted against it feel a little bit misrepresented by the Administration? And maybe if you were in line with the President and his view on Mr. McClintock's bill, maybe it would have been one of those bipartisan votes with 435 Members saying ``aye'' to Mr. McClintock's proposal.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you. My time has expired.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    That concludes the opening statements and the questions for our first panel. I want to thank Congressman McClintock and Congressman Pocan for their testimony and insight today. And I would just note the witnesses are now excused.    We will now call our second panel as we make a transition here.    I want to welcome our second panel. Thank you for being here. What we are going to do is the Chair and the ranking member will make opening statements. We will then introduce and recognize each of you for your opening statements, and then we will go to questions.    So with that, the Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Today's hearing is about unsustainable Federal spending and the credibility and trustworthiness of the Obama Administration on issues surrounding the debt limit. The United States is $19 trillion in debt and growing at a rate of over $3 billion a day.    The Federal Government spends $255 billion a year--$255 billion a year--just to service the interest on our debt. Spending at this rate is unsustainable and is the reason why so many of my colleagues and I actually ran for Congress. We cannot continue to tax and spend and borrow on the backs of our next generation.    The statutory debt limit established by Congress is a critical tool to keep our national debt in check and to protect taxpayers from runaway borrowing. In 2011, Congress challenged President Obama to address our Nation's debt by linking spending cuts to his request for a debt limit increase.    As Americans and people all over the world watched this political fight play out, whether it was on the nightly news or on other networks, in 2011, 2013, and 2015, Administration officials repeatedly told the public that chaos would cripple the global economy if the debt limit wasn't raised and that legislative proposals to reduce the impact of hitting the debt limit, such as prioritizing payments on the debt, should not be taken seriously.    We heard from officials, like Treasury Secretary Lew, former Deputy Secretary Neal Wolin, and former Assistant Secretary of Legislative Affairs Alastair Fitzpayne, that it would be ``unworkable'' for Congress to require the Treasury Department to prioritize principal and interest payments on the debt, and that the Administration had never made a decision to prioritize debt payments in the event the debt ceiling deal was not reached.    And as noted by the Financial Services Committee staff report, multiple Treasury officials, including Secretary Lew, have created the misleading impression that prioritizing principal and interest payments on the debt, such as which was suggested by key credit rating agencies, is not a serious option available to the Administration in the event the debt ceiling was not raised.    However, as revealed in the committee staff report, internal records of the New York Fed show that the Administration has been preparing debt ceiling contingency plans and running so-called tabletop exercises since at least 2011 that take into account various payment prioritization scenarios, including the prioritization of Social Security, veterans benefits, and principal and interest payments over other government obligations.    Moreover, these internal records reveal that the Administration in fact was planning to prioritize payments on the debt during the debt limit negotiations of 2013 in the event the debt ceiling was not raised.    Rather than being forthright with the American people and assuring the financial markets and the holders of U.S. Treasury notes that the U.S. Treasury notes would not be defaulted on and the United States would not default on its sovereign debt, the Obama Administration chose instead to mislead the public for the purpose of pressuring Congress to acquiesce to the Administration's no-negotiation position on the debt ceiling. Basically, they were playing politics.    The American people deserve and demand much better. Our Nation's creditworthiness should not be hindered by the Administration's lack of trustworthiness.    I look forward to discussing the committee's staff report today and exposing the truth behind the Administration's misleading claims concerning its debt ceiling contingency plans. And I also look forward to having a frank discussion about the ever-increasing debt that the Federal Government is accruing and putting on the backs of our children and our grandchildren. And I am also looking forward to the testimony and feedback from our panel.    With that, I conclude my remarks, and I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, the ranking member of the subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    We now welcome our second panel of witnesses. First, we go to Dr. Mitchell, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute who specializes in fiscal policy.    Next, Dr. ``de Rugy''--do I have that right, or close enough?    Ms. de Rugy. Yes, close enough.    Chairman Duffy. Okay. There was much discussion on how we say your name, so if I am close, good. Dr. de Rugy is a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, and a nationally syndicated columnist.    Next, Ms. ``Boccia''--is that right?    Chairman Duffy. Okay. Ms. Boccia is the deputy director of the Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economics and Policy Studies, and a Grover M. Hermann research fellow at the Heritage Foundation.    And finally, Dr. Stone is a chief economist at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, where he specializes in the economic analysis of budget and policy issues.    To all of you, welcome.    You see you have three lights at your desks: the green light means go; the yellow light means that you have one minute left; and the red light means your time is up. Your microphones are sensitive, so you have to make sure you have them on when you speak, as a reminder.    And so with that, Dr. Mitchell, you are recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes Dr. de Rugy for 5 minutes.    Ms. de Rugy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Duffy, Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. My name is Veronique de Rugy, and I am a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center.    I would like to make three points today. First, since the debt limit showdown of 2011 and 2013, we have come a long way in understanding how the debt ceiling works and what are the options available for us the next time there is a crisis.    Second, we still need to recognize that these fights that we are having over the debt ceiling are actually just a symptom of a much more problematic problem, and that is government's overspending. It is because the government year after year spends more than it should, that it needs to constantly or regularly at least increase its borrowing authority.    This state of affairs is not sustainable. And we need to address the explosion of spending on the programs that are the drivers of our future debt.    Thankfully, we actually have a lot of policy solutions available, either institutional reform or entitlement reform, that have been proposed over the years. And we can implement them to actually create a check on government spending.    So, let me start. During the last debt ceiling debate in 2011, my colleague Jason Fechner and I wrote a paper that explained that when the government reaches the debt ceiling, and then Treasury can no longer issue Federal debt, it would still have ways to stave off a regrettable default, by which I mean not paying interest on the debt and the principal.    Using these techniques would give Congress time to reach an agreement about how to implement fundamental-type reform that would get us on a more sustainable fiscal path.    At the time, we explained that, for instance, Treasury had several financial management options to continue paying the government's obligation, including but not only prioritizing payments, liquidating some assets to pay government bills and using the Social Security Trust Fund to continue paying Social Security benefits.    At the time, we were told that these were not acceptable or possible options. This is why yesterday I was really glad to read this committee's report which actually shows that indeed Treasury has the ability to prioritize payment, including interest on the debt and principal and Social Security payments. And that even in 2013, the Federal Reserve of New York was actually running tabletop exercises to prepare for such contingencies.    Now, it is important to note that we were never advocating any particular measure. More importantly, we often lamented that this path had to be pursued because of the irresponsibility of government. However, we noted that it was much more reasonable than defaulting on our debt or raising the debt ceiling without making any fundamental changes to the state of our finances. That is what Presidents and Congresses have done for decades.    The debt ceiling was raised 20 times since 1993 and the result is a growing government and a Federal debt that has ballooned from less than $5 trillion to $19 trillion. And deficits are also going up according to the recent Congressional Budget Office report.    Over the coming decade, the size of the Federal deficit will double to reach a gap of almost 5 percent of GDP. CBO predicts that deficits will total $9.4 trillion over 10 years. That is up from $1.5 trillion since its August report. And according to Treasury, unfunded liabilities average $75.5 trillion.    As Will Rogers once said, ``If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging.'' The government, too, needs to stop digging. That is true now, but it also is going to be important the next time you have a debate about raising the debt ceiling.    Real institutional reform as opposed to one-time cuts would change the trajectory of fiscal policy and put the United States on a more sustainable path. I believe we should adopt a constitutional amendment to limit spending, but there are reforms that could be implemented immediately, such as ending the abuse of the emergency spending label, adopting a strict cut-as-you-go system, or creating a BRAC-like commission for discretionary spending.    Finally, Congress must have the courage to implement real entitlement reform to curtail spending on Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act subsidy, and Social Security. Without reform today, vast tax increases will be needed to pay for unfunded promises made to a steadily growing cohort of seniors.    Fortunately, many workable solutions are available to lawmakers, including adding a system of personal savings accounts to Social Security, liberalizing medical savings accounts and making the latter permanent to reduce health care costs by increasing competition between providers and making consumers more responsive.    So thank you, and I am ready for your questions.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Boccia for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you.    And the Chair now recognizes Dr. Stone for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    This is really a hearing about Treasury and Treasury's, I would argue, dishonesty with this committee, this Congress, and with the American people.    We had been talking about their need to prioritize debt payments or U.S. obligations. And they basically told the American people and us that this was unworkable when in fact they had a program in place to do just what we were talking about. And I would argue they were doing that for political reasons, to try to put the financial markets in turmoil over this spending fight that we are having.    They have an obligation to be honest with this committee. And even now, the records that we have have come from the New York Fed. The Treasury has been less than compliant with this committee about their internal deliberations. And even when they send us documents, they try to thwart us by sending it in a format that we cannot print and we cannot search. This is not open and this is not transparent.    I look to the ranking member. I would be delighted if we did not have to have any debates about spending because we had Barack Obama and my friends across the aisle who got it and said we have too much money going in current obligations and future obligations, we have to reform our budgets and our spending so there is no need to even talk about the debt limit. That would be beautiful, but that is not what is happening.    We don't get to buy-in. And the bottom line is, to get a bill done you need the House, the Senate, and the President. So we need these tools to actually reform the way that we spend to save us, Dr. Mitchell, from a Greece-like scenario right here in America.    When financial crises happen, and maybe, Dr. Mitchell, to you, to Greece, were the millionaires in Greece the worst-hurt from their crisis, or was it the poorest among the Greece population who were hurt from their financial crisis?    Chairman Duffy. I would agree. The poorest community in a society, who rely on their government for help, are the ones who will be hurt the worst if a crisis comes. So to tell those in need of government help, don't worry, we are going to give you all that you want and even more than you want for 5, 10, 20 years, but then have a debt crisis and not be able to help them out, I think is disingenuous and dishonest.    And frankly, talking about how this institution works, it is concerning for us that the other side doesn't talk about restraining spending, they just talk about more programs, more offerings, and more spending as opposed to spending restraint.    Chairman Duffy. Dr. Stone, did you say that this debt limit situation and negotiation in the House was reckless? Was that your testimony?    Chairman Duffy. So is it fair to say that you are calling Barack Obama reckless in 2006 when he said, ``The fact that we are here today to debate America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure; it is a sign that the U.S. Government can't pay its own bills.'' He was in favor of using the debt limit to adjust how America spends.    Are you saying that Barack Obama is reckless?    Chairman Duffy. So you would agree with me that your statement is calling Barack Obama reckless when he was advocating for the same policies that we have advocated for in spending restraint, using the power of the purse of this institution? Yes?    Chairman Duffy. Yes?    Chairman Duffy. Ms. Boccia, and I only have a few seconds left, do you think it is appropriate that the Congress try to restrain spending by using all tools possible to get a consensus about getting us on a trajectory that is sustainable in regard to our spending and our debt?    Chairman Duffy. Thank you.    My time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Ohio, Mrs. Beatty, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Hultgren, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Heck, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Missouri, Mrs. Wagner, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentlelady yields back time she does not have.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Maine, Mr. Poliquin, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Stone, the gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Duffy. Thank you, you do not have any.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Hill, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Green, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Duffy. The gentleman yields back. Thank you for your common-sense questions.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    I appreciate your time and your insight into today's hearing.    And so without objection, this hearing is now adjourned.