    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank all of you for being here.    General, I always especially appreciate men like yourself who have given their entire life to the cause of freedom.    General, do you believe that the need for our capability to detect, identify, and characterize nuclear weapons programs, illicit diversion of special nuclear materials, and nuclear detonations is something that is increasing in this environment or decreasing, that need to be able to do that?    General Klotz. The need is always there to be able to detect, and particularly as more and more countries look to civil nuclear power as a way to solve their energy demands and needs in the future, the ability to detect whether or not the materials that are associated with civil nuclear power are being diverted for military uses will continue to be a challenge and a greater challenge. It is something that we spend a lot of time thinking about. Our laboratories and our production facilities are engaged in significant research and development to ensure that we are staying ahead of the power curve on this.    Mr. Franks. So it is your testimony that that need for that capability is an increasing need?    General Klotz. Yes.    Mr. Franks. And if you were to identify any particular area, and I realize it is sort of a broad question, is there anything that is especially of concern to you, of special concern to you, as far as being able to sense any special threat out there that we face in terms of proliferation?    General Klotz. I think if we talked about specific threats, we would need to do that in the classified session, which is coming after this. But, again, what we would look for would be those types of indicators which suggest that a country--or, for that matter, a nonstate actor--is, one, trying to acquire special nuclear materials, and then using those special nuclear materials, diverting those special nuclear materials either for use in nuclear proliferation or nuclear terrorism.    Mr. Franks. Well, notwithstanding the ranking member's, I think, cogent comments related to the diminishing involvement on the part of Russia with us, what would you say that the diminished request here for the DNN and R&D on budget, how does that square with the increasing need for the capability but a lesser request for the funding to do that?    General Klotz. I would be happy to answer that, but since we did invite Anne Harrington and Admiral Caldwell and General Davis up, would it be okay if Anne addressed that because that falls directly, since she came all this way?    Mr. Franks. Sure.    General Klotz. Would that be okay?    Mr. Franks. Absolutely.    Mr. Franks. So the reason for the decreased budget is?    Mr. Franks. In the DNN and the R&D, yes.    Mr. Franks. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am hoping we can maybe get their perspective on any characterization of the North Korean claim to have detonated a hydrogen bomb at some point, but in the closed session. And with that, my time is out. Thank you, sir.