    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Profession Gugliuzza, I am worried about the widespread practice of sending abusive demand letters. As we have heard, it is a drain on employers and a drain on jobs. And apparently, according to a University of California Hastings College of Law study, 70 percent of venture capitalists had portfolio companies that received patent demand letters. It is a--it does seem suspicious to see so many startups hit with patent claims, and it is troubling to think, and as we have heard, that startups in particular may have a good bit of their funding and money going into fighting patent claims right off the bat.    Do you have any sense, or have you seen anything that talks about how much money and how many jobs are being impacted in our economy to fight off these types of abusive demand letters?    Mrs. Brooks. And, Mr. Malta, do you have any sense from those you are representing how many job losses there have been among your members?    Mrs. Brooks. Do we have any information as to how many companies have been put out of business? Has there been--and while I recognize that that could be difficult, Ms. Ranieri, anyone know if we have an estimates of how many companies have been put out of business, whether it is startup or larger?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. And finally, Ms. Self, certainly, I am concerned about protection of property rights, ensuring that innovators have the confidence that their patent rights are going to be secure, and you have made a great point in your testimony that IP-intensive industries account for more than \1/3\ of U.S. GDP, and directly or indirectly support over 40 million jobs in this country. If we do move forward, and I appreciate your point on the TROL Act from last Congress, but if we approve the legislation, what is the most important thing, the most important thing you think we need to focus on to get it right in order to protect legitimate patent holders' ability to communicate with potential infringers or licensees?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. Thank you for the thoughtful response, and for all of your work and all of the input all of you are providing us. Thank you.    I yield back.