    Ms. Eshoo. Mr. Chairman? Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Eshoo. I thank the chairman. We all wish Ray the absolute best because he has given his best here. He has always been a gentleman. He is a public policy expert. He has given his all to the committee and during times when it was difficult for him to do that because he was battling something in terms of his health but he never missed a beat. And I call that real dedication, dedication to not only our committee and the work and the responsibilities of this committee but ultimately for the American people.    So, God bless you, Ray. We are going to miss you a great deal. Thank you for everything that you have done on behalf of all of us.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning to you. And welcome back to the chairman and each of the commissioners. It has been 4 months since you have been here. I think that you have made optimum use of the 4 months since you were last here because there are a series of actions that are being taken up at the Commission that I think put consumers first, strengthen competition and advance innovation.    At the top of that list is the agency's vote last month that would make it easier for consumers to buy a set top box or an app from someone other than their cable company. This technology neutral proposal means that any company will be able to manufacture a set top box or design an app and sell it to consumers. Should a consumer wish to continue renting their set top box from their pay TV provider, they can. No one is going to take it away from them. I don't know if there is that much of a love affair with the set top box but if they want it they can keep it. Very importantly, the FCC's proposal is an opportunity to enhance access to independent and minority programming, giving consumers the ability to choose between set top boxes or apps with improved search functionality and user interfaces.    Nearly 50 years ago, the FCC took action to give consumers choice as to whether they wanted to rent their landline telephone from Ma Bell. Consumers not only saved money but innovation thrived in the telephone market.    The FCC is also busy in its efforts to modernize its Lifeline program to make broadband more affordable to low-income Americans. This has long been the goal of, I think, the entire committee, certainly huge support on our side of the aisle. Under the proposal to be voted on next week for the first time ever, for the first time ever low-income consumers will be able to use the $9.25 per month Lifeline support towards stand-alone broadband service. Access to broadband is the 21st century's lifeline providing a pathway to jobs, education, healthcare and so much more.    The FCC's action will further our nation's progress toward bridging the digital divide that has really haunted our country. We have looked for ways, talked about it, dreamed about it, hoped for it, and I think that this is a major step forward of reaching the President's goal of bringing high-speed broadband to 20 million more Americans by 2020.    In just a matter of days, the FCC will begin its first voluntary incentive spectrum auction with global mobile traffic expected to increase nearly eight-fold between 2015 and 2020 and wireless carriers taking steps to deploy 5G. I think it is critical that we continue efforts to free up more spectrum for both licensed and unlicensed use.    At the same time, the FCC will take critical action at its March meeting to protect the privacy of broadband consumers, efforts to continue to reform the special access mark. And Mr. Chairman, I hope this is just closed, done, accomplished at the end of this year.    Transition to Next-Gen 911 and ensuring the internet remains open and accessible to all Americans.    None of these are small tasks but taken together, not only individually, but taken together I think that this will leave a remarkable imprimatur on the country of this commission's work.    So, I thank you. I look forward to a lively discussion and questions that you are going to be asked. And again, thank you for being here and the work that you are doing. And I yield back.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Wheeler, you have and the full commission has some huge issues before it. So, I want to go through three of them: copyright--this all has to do with the set top box proposal--the issue of copyright; the issue of privacy; and the issue of impact on minorities both from the professional side and from the consumer side.    First, on copyright. Copyright is important to all of us. We know that it is both the life blood of the more than one industry and they depend on it being protected.    Now, there are critics in all of this and that is not a surprise. When a major shift is proposed and disruptive, it is disruptive to a $20 billion income to the cable industry. So, of course people are going to fight very hard because there is a lot of money on the table.    But on the issue of copyright, does anything about this arrangement and the FCC's proposal change under your proposed rules, relative to copyright?    Ms. Eshoo. Now, does the FCC give away any new or unpaid rights to distribute video programming?    Ms. Eshoo. OK, the answer is no. Now, in your first answer, are there additions to the protection of copyright or is it the same set of principles and rules that apply today?    Ms. Eshoo. OK. Now, on to the whole issue of minority-focused programming. Critics alleged that the FCC's proposed rule, and you know this, would actually limit the availability of minority programming and content. Now, Robert L. Johnson and our members have a copy of the letter that I received last night. I think it is an important letter to read and I would like to ask for unanimous consent, Mr. Chairman, for Mr. Johnson's letter to be part of the record.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you very much.    Now, why is this issue even being raised? There is a woeful record under what we are operating under now because the cable companies have really moved at a glacial pace in their efforts to make more minority programming available to consumers. Essentially, there are two or three large cable companies effectively determining today what the American public sees and how they see it.    So, I don't know why there is a defense of this abysmal record when we have an opportunity to open new doors to diverse programming. Do you want to respond to this?    Ms. Eshoo. Or would you respond to this, please?    Ms. Eshoo. Four out of how many?    Ms. Eshoo. Well, my time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Eshoo. Will the gentlelady yield her remaining time to me?    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you. There was something that was said earlier from the panel about in search of a problem that doesn't have a solution or we don't need one et cetera, et cetera, relative to set top boxes.    And I just want to put this on the record. Since the Telecommunications Act opened everything up to competition, including set top boxes, the price of everything else has gone down 90 percent. The increase of fees for set top boxes has increased by 185 percent and it is consumers that are picking up the tab. And it is, essentially, a monopoly. It is essentially a monopoly.    In my district, talk about boxes, they say think outside the box, we don't have any boxes. I think it is about time that in the 21st century that we really open up set top boxes because----    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you.    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a unanimous consent request to place into the record a compilation of documents. \3\ The documents include press reports documenting that broadband investment has not decreased as a result of the Title II reclassification. The documents also include an analysis of FCC filings and earnings reports of the major telecom companies, similarly showing that broadband investment has not decreased and also a letter relative to broadband privacy rulemaking, all of which we have shared with your counsel and ask that these be placed in the record.    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------    \3\ The list has been retained in committee files and is also available at http://docs.house.gov/meetings/if/if16/20160322/104714/hhrg-114-if16-20160322-sd008.pdf.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.