    Mr. Cukierman. Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before this subcommittee.    Jews have lived in France for the last 2,000 years. One thousand years ago, at the time of the crusades, the famous Talmudist Rachi was living in the city of Troyes. He was producing wine, a typical French job, and he was also famous for his expertise in old French language. More than 200 years ago in 1791, at the time of the French Revolution, French Jews were given full French citizenship. Today, we are \1/2\ million Jews in France, less than 1 percent of the French population. And the CRIF which I chair is the roof body of French Jewish institutions. It is comparable to the President's Conference of Major Jewish Institutions.    Today, in 2015, our synagogues and our Jewish schools have to be protected by the police and even by the army with machine guns. Why is that so? Because there is a World War started by Middle Age barbarian fanatics who are cutting heads, are stoning women, are killing kids, and want to impose to the rest of the world the Sharia, their concept of what Islam should be in their views.    The first victims are the moderate Muslims. This is a war against Western modern civilization. And the Jews are seen by these jihadists as a privileged target. We Jews are the sentinels at the forefront of this war. But we are not the only victims. Military forces, policemen and women, and journalists are also targeted and killed. These jihadists are acting under different names: Daesh, ISIS, al-Qaeda, Boko Haram, AQIM, Hamas. It started in the Middle East: Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Gaza. It reaches Africa: Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Cameroon, Chad, and Tunisia and now it is in Europe: France, Belgium, and Denmark.    In France, small children were killed in March 2012 in Toulouse, at point-blank at the entrance of a school by Mohamed Merah. In 2014, four people were killed in the Jewish Museum of Brussels by Mehdi Nemouche. And then in January 2015, four people were killed in the Paris kosher grocery store, and then in front of the Copenhagen Synagogue. All victims were targeted because they were Jews. All these killers were jihadists.    In front of that situation the French Government shows a perfect understanding of our situation. Prime Minister Manuel Valls said that anti-Zionism is anti-Semitism. And President Hollande said that ``it is not the Jews who should leave the country, it is the anti-Semites.'' And immediately after the grocery attack, the government added close to 8,000 military to the police forces to protect the Jewish places.    From where are these jihadists coming? They come from the Muslim community which is estimated in France around 10 percent of the total French population. And the French jihadists is estimated at 1,300 people who are presently combating in Syria and Iraq. And among them many French ethnics recently converted to Islam.    It seems that they are generally not influenced by the French imams, not influenced by the press which they don't read, nor by the TV that they don't watch. They were educated to the jihad in the French jails and by Internet.    This is why the CRIF, our organization, bought a full page ad in the New York Times on March 2, 2015, which was an appeal to our American friends and also to you asking that they should put pressure on the Internet providers to set a limit to the swarm of hate which can be found on Internet, to remove anti-Semitic contents as soon as it is flagged. On the Internet ways were found to ban child pornography. Likewise anti-Semitism must be banned. The providers of Internet must understand that they bear a responsibility when murders are committed by youngsters who became jihadists through Internet.    Now the question that I am asked daily is whether there a future for Jews in France?    An increasing number of French Jews are considering leaving France. The French Jewish population which is estimated at \1/2\ million people, is the third largest Jewish community in the world after Israel and the U.S. In the last 3 years, 12,000 French citizens left to Israel. Others chose the U.S., Canada, or Australia. Many people refuse to see the future of their kids if they have to study in schools or to go to synagogues which appear as fortresses protected by military and heavy machine guns. The atmosphere is tense. One cannot travel in the subway with a yarmulke. Anti-Semitism is active in many suburbs and in many public schools.    Nevertheless, I believe that a big proportion of the French Jews will remain in France where their roots and their culture incite them to confront adversity as their parents or ancestors did at difficult periods like the Dreyfus Affair or the Vichy period.    Thank you and I am, of course, ready to answer any questions.    Mr. Cukierman. Yes, I want to say that anti-Semitism is not the problem of the Jews. It is the problem of the society. And it is not a European problem. It is a world problem. And we are in a war with jihadists. Jihadists are the fanatical Muslims and you were the first victims of that phenomenon on 9/11. I think 9/11 was the first step of that war. We are in a war and somebody asked among you what can you do? First of all, you have to realize that you are in a state of war. And secondly, you have to react at that state of war. One of the things which you can do is to see to it that the Internet stops being a school to educate jihadists.    Mr. Cukierman. I have an example of anti-Zionism turning to anti-Semitism. This summer, the period summer 2014 at the time of the Gaza War, there was a demonstration in Paris of 35,000 people in favor of the Palestinians, mostly Muslims. They didn't shout ``Death to Israel.'' They shouted, ``Death to the Jews.'' And from that demonstration went out hordes of people and they attacked eight synagogues and Jewish shops. What is the link if it is not anti-Zionism is anti-Semitism?    Mr. Cukierman. You have the example of pedophilia. The providers of Internet were able to fight against pedophilia very efficiently. Why don't they do the same for racism and anti-Semitism? Why don't they do the same against jihad? If they were able to do it for pedophilia, they should be able to do it because it is extremely important because today, this is the main school of education to the jihad.    Mr. Cukierman. I would not interfere into American policy, but what I noticed, for instance, is that the imams in France are usually paid by foreign countries. Among these foreign countries there are some countries who are financing Salafism.    Mr. Cukierman. Other countries are financing Muslim Brotherhood. Maybe America could put pressure on those countries which are friendly to the U.S. and see to it that they restrain their activity on fanaticism.    Mr. Cukierman. We are first of all an organization which the volunteers are protecting the Jewish places, the synagogues and Jewish schools mainly. But this has been strongly reinforced recently by the government because our protectors are not armed. They are just checking that the people who went to Jewish places are not suspicious. But this is the main thing and we also tried to have organizations which it is not easy to enter. We have videos. It is defense. It is not efficient.    I must say that we are very satisfied of the attitude of the French Government in the recent events. I am not generally putting compliments to the French Government. I have frequently criticized from my past reactions. But in these difficult periods, they have been exemplary. The Prime Minister has said very strong words like anti-Zionist is anti-Semitism and the President said that it is not the Jews who should leave, but it is the anti-Semites.    And the day which followed the January event, we had immediately the Army who joined the police to protect Jewish places. So we don't have to complain about protection. The legislation is a prominent in terms of fighting against anti-Semitism. For instance, Holocaust denial is a crime in France which is not the case in other countries. So the laws are satisfactory. The main problem would be education because today in public schools Jews are not going any more because the atmosphere has become so much anti-Semitic that people prefer to pay and go to private schools, either Jewish schools or Christian schools, rather than public schools.    Mr. Cukierman. Nothing has been done in terms of education in public schools in the last 30 years and there we are terribly backwards.