    Mr. Gowdy. Good morning. Welcome. The Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time. We welcome everyone to today's hearing, entitled New Orleans: How the Crescent City Became a Sanctuary City.    I will recognize myself for an opening statement and then my friend from California. I will introduce the panelists en banc and then recognize you individually for your opening statements.    It is as close as I will ever come to being a judge, but there we have it.    Time and time and time again, our Nation has witnessed the tragic consequences of this Administration's failure to enforce immigration law. Witnessing these tragedies is unsettling enough, but it pales in comparison to the grief and the anguish and the separation experienced by the families of those victimized.    But, today, we are not here merely to discuss the failure to enforce the law. It is even more disconcerting than that. We are here today because the Department of Justice, the entity that is supposed to be the chief enforcer of the law, is aiding and abetting local governments in the failure to enforce the law. Once again, the temptation to make a political point has transcended the obligation to take care that the law be faithfully executed.    Under current policy, the New Orleans Police Department prevents its officers and employees from communicating with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement regarding the immigration status of an arrestee.    In May of 2010, New Orleans Mayor Mitchell Landrieu sent a letter to then Attorney General Holder requesting DOJ ``transform the New Orleans Police Department.'' Based on the Department of Justice report, current Labor Secretary, then Civil Rights Division head, Thomas Perez, filed a lawsuit against the city of New Orleans and the police department alleging various civil rights violations.    On the basis of that lawsuit, the parties entered into a consent decree in 2012, which was approved by a Federal court in 2013. This consent decree stated the New Orleans Police Department officers, ``shall not take law enforcement action on the basis of actual or perceived immigration status, including the initiation of stops or other field contacts.''    Now, let me read the salient part of that again: Police officers shall not take law enforcement action on the basis of actual immigration status.    And on February 28, 2016, New Orleans Police Department issued a written policy, entitled ``Immigration Status,'' which, number one, prohibits officers from inquiring about an individual's immigration status; number two, prohibits officers from assisting or supporting ICE'S immigration enforcement; and number three, mandates any ICE request for support or assistance be declined.    The New Orleans Police Department policy was not only vetted but, ``enthusiastically'' approved and supported by DOJ's Civil Rights Division. It was also reviewed and approved by DHS. The Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security enthusiastically approve and support failure of law enforcement to take note of Federal immigration laws.    In addition to being mind-numbingly antithetical to the faithful execution of the law, which is among the primary responsibilities of the executive branch, this New Orleans policy statement appears to violate section 8 U.S.C. code, 1373, which provides no person or agency may prohibit or restrict a Federal, State, or local agency from sending, requesting, receiving, or exchanging information with ICE regarding unlawfully present aliens.    On May 28 of this year, Chairman Goodlatte sent a letter to now Attorney General Lynch demanding that she explain DOJ's role in initiating litigation against the city of New Orleans and the resulting consent decree and provide the legal justification for approving the sanctuary policies enacted by the police department.    On May 31 of this year, DOJ Inspector General Michael Horowitz issued a memo to the Assistant Attorney General for Justice Programs in response to a request to investigate allegations that over 140 State and local jurisdictions received DOJ grant funds, and they may be in violation of Federal law. Specifically, the inspector general was requested to investigate allegations of the 140 jurisdictions who are recipients of funding from the Department of Justice are in violation of title 8 U.S.C., section 1373.    For those of you who may be struck by the duplicity of the chief Federal law enforcement entity providing grant money to State and municipalities who specifically fail to assist in the enforcement of Federal law, you are not alone. The inspector general found the laws and policies in several jurisdictions go beyond regulating responses to ICE detainers and also address, in some way, the sharing of information with Federal immigration authorities.    After specifically reviewing the language of the New Orleans Police Department policy, the inspector general found, and I quote: In our view, subsection (a) of the NOPD policy would not serve as a `savings clause' in addressing section 1373. Thus, unless the understanding of NOPD's employees is that they are not prohibited or restricted from sharing immigration status information with ICE, the policy would be inconsistent with Section 1373.''    On July 7, DOJ's Office of Justice Programs determined section 1373 is, ``an applicable Federal law for purposes of determining statutory eligibility for relevant DOJ grant funding.'' Yet despite the requirement of section 1373, DOJ awarded the police department of New Orleans approximately $2 million in grants for fiscal year 2015.    That very same day, July 7, DOJ responded to Chairman Goodlatte's letter. They outlined the policy, but they failed to explain how the New Orleans' policies are lawful, which was a pretty important part of the letter in the first place.    Then, last Friday--last Friday--September 23, just a few days after our hearing was announced, we received a letter from the Department of Justice claiming the revised policy the New Orleans Police Department had issued did comply with 1373. However, this revised policy makes no mention of part B of section 1373. And in addition, DOJ has not provided this Committee with any indication of how officers will be trained to implement this revised policy or how seemingly minor changes to the text will ensure New Orleans will not be operating as a sanctuary city, which leads us to why we are here today.    Not only does this place ICE agents and officers at greater risk when they are forced to arrest criminal aliens who are no longer in a secure jail facility, but instead, in public places, where they can more readily escape or access a weapon, but it also prevents officers from accomplishing their ultimate goal, which is public safety. We already know there are cities more interested in providing sanctuary for criminals than safe haven for our very own citizens. We know there are cities who clamor for the Federal Government to assert itself into matters that are not inherently Federal in nature but refuse to assist Federal law enforcement in matters that actually are inherently Federal.    And to put this in terms that almost anyone can understand, State and local law enforcement can be trusted to provide security for Members of Congress both here and in our home districts. They can be entrusted to enforce murder laws, child sex laws, kidnapping laws. They can participate in Federal task forces on terrorism and narcotics trafficking, but God forbid they lift a finger to assist in the enforcement of Federal immigration laws.    But for the Department of Justice to go as far to seek a consent decree to actually inhibit the ability of the Federal Government to enforce Federal law is stunning, even for a Department of Justice that has, unfortunately, become increasingly politicized. The consent decree can be interpreted to require New Orleans adopt policies that require its officers to actually violate Federal law.    Let me repeat that one more time: This Administration's Department of Justice is actually requiring New Orleans police officers to break the law in an effort to further their political agenda.    We have had multiple hearings on those that have been victimized by sanctuary cities. We have heard from their families. We are well aware of the tragic consequences. This is not a theoretical conversation in some law school conference room. This is real life with real victims and real grieving family members. Illegal immigration is not a victimless crime.    Once you weaken the law, you weaken it forever, and once you put politics above the blind application of the law, it is done forever. And once you decide State and local law enforcement are good enough to protect us when we are back home in our districts but not good enough to be trusted to assist in the execution of the law, good luck in reversing that.    With that, I would recognize the gentlelady from California.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Virginia yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Michigan yields back.    We have a very distinguished panel of witnesses, and I will begin by swearing them in. If you would, please rise.    Do you swear the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    May the record reflect all the witnesses answered in the affirmative. You may sit down.    We will introduce you en banc, and then I will recognize you individually for your opening statements. First, it is my pleasure to welcome the Honorable Jeff Landry, who is the attorney general for the State of Louisiana. Attorney General Landry joined the Louisiana National Guard in high school, taking part in Operation Desert Storm, and served as both a police officer and a sheriff's deputy. General Landry ran successfully for Congress in 2010 and served in the 112th Congress. He became Louisiana's attorney general on January 11, 2016. He has a bachelor's of science degree from the University of Southwestern Louisiana, which is now the University of Louisiana at Lafayette, and a law degree from Loyola University New Orleans' law school.    Welcome, Attorney General Landry.    The Honorable Michael Horowitz is the inspector general for the Department of Justice. He worked as an assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York before joining DOJ in 1999 where he served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General and chief of staff in the Criminal Division of Main Justice from 1999 to 2002. General Horowitz also served as Commissioner of the U.S. Sentencing Commission. He was sworn into his current position on April 16, 2012. He graduated with highest honors from Brandeis University and earned his law degree with high honors from Harvard Law School.    Welcome, Inspector General Horowitz.    Next is my pleasure to introduce Ms. Vanita Gupta. She is the Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General and the head of the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice. Ms. Gupta worked as a civil rights attorney and deputy director of the American Civil Liberties Union. She became head of the Civil Rights Division in 2014. She earned her undergraduate degree with high honors from the Yale University and a law degree from the New York University School of Law.    Welcome, Madam Attorney General.    And Mr. Zach Butterworth is the director of Federal Affairs for the city of New Orleans, representing Mayor Mitchell Landrieu in the New Orleans Police Department, the international airport, and the regional transit authority, and water infrastructure system. Mr. Butterworth served as the legislative director and counsel to Senator Mary Landrieu and as senior counsel to our friend, Congressman Cedric Richmond. Mr. Butterworth graduated from LSU and Loyola University New Orleans College of Law. Welcome to each of you.    Attorney General Landry, you are recognized for your 5-minute opening.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Attorney General.    Inspector General Horowitz.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Inspector General.    Madam Attorney General.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Madam Attorney General.    Mr. Butterworth.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Butterworth.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia for his 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Virginia yields back. The Chair will now recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Louisiana is recognized.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Louisiana yields back. The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Idaho yields back. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Louisiana yields back. The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman is out of time, but you may--you may answer.    Mr. Gowdy. Well----    Mr. Gowdy. Well----    Mr. Gowdy. If the gentlelady from Texas would yield, I will address the matter, but----    Mr. Gowdy . But it is hard for me to interrupt you and do so.    Does the witness feel like she has answered the question as adequately as she is able to do so?    Mr. Gowdy. No. You are welcome to finish the sentence.    Mr. Gowdy. If the gentleman from Iowa has additional questions, we can entertain a second round.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Iowa yields back. The Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from Texas.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Louisiana is recognized for 36 minutes--36 seconds.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The submitted material is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Subcommittee, and can also be accessed at:    http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/ByEvent.aspx?EventID=105392    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair will now----    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Colorado, former United States Attorney, Mr. Buck.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Colorado yields back. The Chair would now yield to the gentleman from Texas, the former U.S. Attorney, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Gowdy. The----    Mr. Gowdy . Gentleman from Texas yields back. The Chair will now recognize himself.    Mr. Butterworth, what is the penalty for crossing a border unlawfully?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, let's try it this way. Who has exclusive jurisdiction over immigration cases?    Mr. Gowdy. So it would be Federal. It is exclusively Federal----    Mr. Gowdy . Both--and they are really--unless you can think of something I can't think of, it is either crossing a border unlawfully or overstaying a visa would be about the only ways you could get in the country unlawfully, only two ways I can think of.    You either cross one of our territorial boundaries or you are invited in and you overstay your visa. And those are both exclusively Federal, but I think you will agree with me that almost all of our interactions in life are with State and local law enforcement. It is not an FBI agent who stops us for speeding. It is not an ATF agent who is working the bar scene. So if most of our citizen police encounters are State and local, and yet immigration is exclusively Federal, how are the Federal officers supposed to know about folks who are not here lawfully.    Mr. Gowdy. When you saw--well, commandeer is such a pejorative word. How about we just say cooperate? I mean, you don't commandeer people for your terrorism task forces, do you? You don't commandeer people for your narcotics task forces, do you? It is called cooperation.    And yet you have a policy that says that New Orleans Police Department members shall not make inquiries into an individual's immigration status. What do mean by ``inquiries''?    Mr. Gowdy. See, I don't know what you mean by ``criminal.'' You mean if the person has--if there is probable cause to believe that an offense was committed or if there is already an outstanding warrant?    Mr. Gowdy. Well----    Mr. Gowdy. All right. And then they can inquire as to the person's status?    Mr. Gowdy. They can or cannot?    Mr. Gowdy. Why not?    Mr. Gowdy. How are the Federal law enforcement officers supposed to know who is here unlawfully if your officers don't inquire? They are not the ones that are interacting with them. They are not enforcing traffic laws. They don't respond to domestic violence calls. The FBI doesn't have jurisdiction over that; that would be your State and local officers. So how is that supposed to happen?    Mr. Gowdy. I love the way you phrase that. You arrest every criminal you interact with. They are only a criminal after they have had a jury trial, Mr. Butterworth. They are a suspect up until that point.    Mr. Gowdy. Mr. Horowitz, if their original policy was okay, why did they revise it    Mr. Gowdy. Well, you are a good lawyer, Mr. Horowitz. If the original contract was fine, you usually don't draft another one, unless you just love paying lawyers. I mean, if your original indictment was okay, did you have a superseding indictment?    Mr. Gowdy. No, you don't. So if the original policy is fine, why did we get this brand-new policy?    Mr. Gowdy. I hate to be cynical, but I think you are right.    Ms. Gupta, you said you were a prosecutor. There was a question I got way back in time that I never really had a good answer for. Whenever a family member who had lost a loved one to an act of violence to someone who was out on bond would ask me, why was that person out of jail? I never really had a good answer. I mean, you can cite the Constitution that you are legally entitled to bond absent some circumstances, but that is kind of a hollow explanation.    So what would the explanation be to those who have lost loved ones to violent crime from people who are here unlawfully and the Federal Government knows it?    Mr. Gowdy. No, no, no. You are either missing my point inadvertently or you are missing my point intentionally. I realize you prosecute people after the homicide. I am trying to figure out how to prevent the homicide. What is the explanation for why the person wasn't dealt with before the murder?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, Ms. Gupta, you and I both know that we rely on all sorts of witnesses, some of whom, frankly, expose themselves to criminal liability in the process of cooperating. So the notion that you have to give amnesty to people before they will cooperate with law enforcement has not been my experience.    But, Attorney General Landry, I am out of time. You asked the question. How do you answer it when family members ask you, why was this person not dealt with before they committed the act of violence? I never really had a good answer to that one.    Mr. Gowdy. With that, I would thank all the witnesses----    Mr. Gowdy. Well, if the gentlelady from Texas does it, then I am sure the gentleman from Texas and the gentleman from Colorado or going to want to do it too.    Mr. Gowdy. Okay. You can have a minute.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Gowdy. With that, I would thank all four of our witnesses.    Members are advised they will have 5 legislative days to submit additional materials to the record.    With that, I thank you again to the four witnesses. And we are adjourned.