    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Am I last?    Mr. Mulvaney. Not last, goodness gracious. Well, then, I will go quickly.    Mr. Cordray, before I get to my questions, I couldn't help but enjoy the exchange you just had with Mrs. Wagner, and I want to ask the same question she just asked to see if I can do it a little bit differently.    Mr. Mulvaney. There are only three possible answers to her question about who authorized renovations, right? It is either you, Ms. Warren, or Mr. Date, correct?    Mr. Mulvaney. So that decision could have been made without the approval of the Director?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, I don't need a history lesson. I just--    Mr. Mulvaney. Who else?    Mr. Mulvaney. Who else--let me ask you this today. Who else--    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Chairman, I reclaim my time please. Okay, who else besides the Director can authorize that kind of expenditure?    Mr. Mulvaney. I don't need the beginning of time. Who else besides the Director can do it? I am not trying to--    Mr. Mulvaney. Then.    Mr. Mulvaney. So somebody at Treasury could have authorized that?    Mr. Mulvaney. All right.    Mr. Mulvaney. Then I am going to get to the questions I want to ask, because I have heard you talk a little bit today about access to credit. We heard some good questions. I thought about payday lending and some other facilities that are available to people.    And I remember, I think back when I was in the State Senate in South Carolina, the State of North Carolina had just passed some rather sweeping restrictions on payday lending, and we decided to look at the topic ourselves. And I remember meeting a woman from--we put out a letter about folks who used it. We went to talk to people who used payday lending.    And a woman called me up and she started talking to me and she said, well, I use it. And I knew who she was, okay? I live in a small town.    Mr. Mulvaney. More importantly, I knew where she worked. She worked at a local credit union. And I asked the question, why don't you just get it at work? And she said, well, Mr. Mulvaney, everybody knows me there, right? I am kind of embarrassed that I have to do this. I need this, but I don't want everybody to know that I need this.    And I know you said you have heard the stories, I know that we had a field hearing with a bunch of folks who said that they wanted to use things like payday lending and they had been able to use them successfully. And then I heard you say that you want to make sure that folks like that, ordinary people, have access to this type of credit, but you wanted to make sure that folks didn't get caught in a debt trap.    Mr. Mulvaney. Is that an accurate--okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. So here is my question. I think we would agree, right, that not everybody gets caught.    Mr. Mulvaney. Some people can use these facilities without getting caught in a debt trap.    Mr. Mulvaney. How do you know which ones are going to get caught and which ones won't?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. But let me back you up. I don't want to cut you off.    Mr. Mulvaney. But we live in a world of limited time.    Mr. Mulvaney. If I walk into a payday lender, how do you know if I am one of those people who is going to get caught?    Mr. Mulvaney. I thought you said earlier today--    Mr. Mulvaney. I thought you said earlier today in the response to a question by Mr. Stivers that you don't stand in the consumer's shoes or at least you don't try to. Was that your testimony earlier today?    Mr. Mulvaney. But you would agree with me, Mr. Cordray, that when you make a facility, a tool, something, entirely unavailable that you are making the consumer's decision for them as to that facility.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, sir. Let's get back to that for a second.    Mr. Mulvaney. Because I think you defined a teaser rate. Somebody asked you that earlier today and you said a teaser rate was one that starts low and goes up. Do you remember that testimony?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay, because using the definition of just going up, that is an adjustable rate, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. So you don't have a problem with adjustable rate mortgages, for example--    Mr. Mulvaney. Let me ask you this. Because we talk about payday lending a lot, we talk about mortgage lending, but I never heard anybody ask this question.    Mr. Mulvaney. One of the greatest examples of using something financial to prey on the poor, in my opinion, is the lottery. Do you have the right to regulate those?    Mr. Mulvaney. State lotteries, yes.    Mr. Mulvaney. Why not? They prey on consumers, they prey on the poor. Why not?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes, but you don't have authority to go after the car dealers either. Why don't you go after the folks who bank the folks who run the lotteries?    Mr. Mulvaney. No, I am asking you why you don't since you are doing it in other areas.    Mr. Mulvaney. You don't have jurisdiction to go after the automotive dealers, but you go after their banks. So if you don't have jurisdiction to go after State lotteries--    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.