    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen . I will give him the opportunity to make an opening statement, if Dr. Bera would like to make one, and then I will introduce the Ambassador. He will make his statement, and we will get to the questions and answers.    Dr. Bera is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Dr. Bera.    The chairman would like to express his sorrow for not being here, Mr. Ambassador, but he is leading the charge on the House floor on four bills from our committee. And that is why he is not here, and that is why Mr. Engel is not here either.    We are pleased to be joined by Ambassador Richard Olson. Ambassador Olson is a Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan. Immediately prior to this appointment, Ambassador Olson served as the U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan, but he has served in many capacities all over the world since joining the State Department in 1982. Ambassador Olson has been recognized several times for his service, including being awarded the Presidential Distinguished Service Award.    Thank you for being with us, Mr. Ambassador.    Without objection, the witness' full prepared statement will be made a part of the record, and members will have 5 calendar days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record.    Ambassador Olson, please summarize your remarks.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Ambassador.    Last month, I led a congressional delegation trip to Afghanistan and was joined by my friend and colleague from this committee, Dr. Yoho. And while obviously this hearing is on the future of U.S.-Pakistan relations, we all know that we can't really address the future of our bilateral relationship without also discussing Afghanistan. When our delegation met with President Ghani, he told us that he has reached out his hand to Pakistan only to be rebuffed. We all know that in order for Pakistan--for Afghanistan to be stable and secure, Pakistan will have to play a key role there. Some argue that Pakistan's ultimate goal is to use Afghanistan as a sort of strategic depth against India and that Pakistan prefers an insecure Afghanistan and is using its proxies and ties to insurgent groups to exert control in Afghanistan. I wanted to hear your perspective on that.    In fact, in its report to Congress on the progress toward security and stability in Afghanistan, the DOD openly stated that Pakistan uses these proxy forces to hedge against the loss of influence in Afghanistan and to counter India's superior military. Do you know if it is true that Ghani is being rebuffed by Pakistan? And what is Pakistan's strategic objective with regard to Afghanistan?    And then I wanted to ask about the terrorist safe havens inside of Pakistan's borders.    Thank you, Mr. Ambassador.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. So although the countries have had a rocky relationship, you believe that with the new government, there will be brighter days ahead, and the level of cooperation will be higher and that there will be more trust and partnerships evolving from this?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. We hope so. What is Pakistan doing to help eliminate the terrorist safe havens inside of its borders? We hear so much about that. And I believe that the U.S. isn't effectively using our leverage in Afghanistan to convince the Pakistanis to do more with us and our Afghan partners on the counterterrorism front to work with them rather than against the Afghan Government and against its security forces.    We have a pending military package before us on this committee, and I believe we need to use that as leverage. Have we made progress in getting buy-in from Pakistan on our counterterrorism efforts in Afghanistan in eliminating terrorist safe havens inside Pakistan? And why should Congress approve arms sales to Pakistan when our own Defense Department is telling us that Pakistan is openly working against our objectives when it comes to Afghanistan, safe havens, and counterterrorism?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, and I will leave the questions to another member.    We are going to move on to Dr. Bera.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Ambassador.    Thank you, Dr. Bera.    Judge Poe is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Judge Poe.    Ms. Kelly of Illinois is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Ms. Kelly.    And now we will move to Mr. Rohrabacher of California.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Higgins of New York.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Higgins.    And we will turn to Mr. Cook of California.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Cook.    Thank you, Mr. Ambassador.    Ms. Gabbard of Hawaii.