    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and distinguished members of the Committee, thank you very much for the opportunity to be here today and for your continued support of the work of the Office of Inspector General. I am extremely proud to represent the dedicated men and women of our office, and I am very happy to come and talk to you about their work today.    As you have noted, as an independent office, the Office of Inspector General conducts and supervises reviews and investigations relating to SBA programs and supporting operations. We seek to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse and try to promote economy, efficiency, and effectiveness in the programs of the Small Business Administration.    During the last fiscal year 2015, we achieved nearly $134 million in recoveries and savings, which is more than a sixfold return on investment to the American taxpayer. We issued 17 reports containing 80 recommendations for improving the SBA's operations and reducing fraud and the necessary losses. In addition, our criminal investigators, their investigations resulted in 52 indictments or informations and 57 convictions.    While SBA's programs are essential to strengthening America's economy, this agency does face a number of challenges in carrying out its mission, including fraudulent schemes affecting all SBA programs, losses from defaulted loans, procurement frauds that allow large firms to obtain small business awards, excessive improper payments, and some pretty significant information technology management concerns.    In October of 2015, we released our latest report on the most serious management challenge and performance challenges facing the SBA. Based on the agency's efforts, SBA did demonstrate positive progress in resolving recommendations associated with five of the identified challenges. However, they remained at status quo on four of the challenges and demonstrated no progress on one recommendation in an area related to information technology.    Now, clearly these results I would say paint a mixed picture relative to SBA's commitment to addressing these challenges in earnest and their ability to overcome these challenges. As you have heard in your series of recent hearings held by the Committee, they face many serious concerns, SBA does, even beyond, of course, those designated as top management challenges. GAO did document some of these in September 2015 report, and I was certainly pleased to note that GAO cited the work products of this office as a basis for a lot of their findings in that report. It is nice to have one oversight give props to another. We appreciated that.    So for your information, SBA currently has 144 open OIG recommendations pertaining to reviews conducted in recent years and not so recent years across SBA programs.    I want to note that I do share the overarching concern expressed by GAO before this Committee in January. It would be irresponsible for me to not be concerned about the fact that SBA has not resolved many of these longstanding management challenges and that part of this reason may be due to a lack of sustained priority attention given to these challenges over time.    Having said that, I think it also has to be acknowledged that SBA has shown that with a sustained, committed effort over time, they can achieve successful results in these challenges. For example, they moved to green and the very large challenge related to their LMAS IT system. So I think that really shows that these are challenges that with the right effort can really be conquered and met.    The agency needs to strive for excellence in carrying out their programs. The agency leaders look to--it is essential that they look to and address the root cause of these problems evidenced by these recurring findings in these reports, and also pay attention to surveys, such as the Federal Viewpoint Survey mentioned in the GAO reports that where the SBA workforce does continue to express some dissatisfaction with the management.    The challenge of long-term organizational transformation in areas of these, such as human capital and IT, they are hard challenges but they are not insurmountable with sustained attention by competent managers. I think that sustained leadership absolutely is necessary and that the SBA needs to try to close some of the revolving door on some of these key positions. For example, the CIO, the position of CIO that I know has been a source of concern and discussion within the SBA. There really needs to be an effort to work on having sustained leadership in positions like that.    I am positive that everybody in the room agrees that America's small businesses and the taxpayer, they deserve no less than the SBA performing at its highest levels at all times. And for all those reasons, I really want to thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today, and I very much look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Yes. Thank you, Chairman.    The report that we are talking about, of course, is the annual FISMA, Federal Information Security, okay, FISMA report. You are right; one of the most concerning things about that report is in addition to 5 new recommendations in our report, 2 of which the SBA was able to close in the course of our audit work, there were 31 recommendations that had been carried over from previous years, which is just an exceptionally large number of IT--we are talking about IT vulnerabilities, IT system issues. The ones that you are talking about, there were definite concerns about, again, instances not being reported timely, happening again. Information security is an excellent area where, again, it is clear that SBA, like every agency, has to always evidence a strong commitment to never, ever taking their eye off the ball on the state of information security and the state of their IT security. You will note that in their report, some of the issues that they talked about as far as the incidents not being centrally reported, not being reported in time, they even mentioned the idea of there has been a lot of turnover in the IT area. There are things that are happening where they almost dropped the ball. That is, of course, unacceptable. I think that FISMA, again, which was looking at how they did in fiscal year 2015, is a concerning report. I think it goes to show a perfect area where the agency needs to show leadership from the very top, saying this is not going to be acceptable. We are going to dedicate whatever resources it requires and address these issues.    I will say that, you know, I know that the Deputy Administrator, Mr. Kramer, has taken this on as something that is important to him. In the middle of FISMA, there is also that cybersprint exercise where actually SBA did better. That was an exercise that all of the Federal Government went through after the OPM breach and things like that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Sure. I am sorry.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Right.    Chairman CHABOT.--from a lot of small businesses all across the country.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Right.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Absolutely.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Absolutely.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I agree. I was hacked twice in the OPM audit. Do you know what I mean? I mean, in the OPM breach, so I think we all feel that. You are right, there is a lot of sensitive information related to businesses and individuals.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Well, it would be hard for me to--and obviously, I cannot answer that question on behalf of the agency. I would note a couple of things. One is we are looking at a very specific time period when we are looking at FISMA where we did note that there were incidents not being reported. I would further note that the agency agreed with our findings in FISMA and actually had no quarrel with anything. So to the extent that there may be a disconnect on why one and not the other, I have to respectfully request that I think you may need to ask them because all I know is that they agreed with us.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Yes.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Yes, Ranking Member Velazquez. Thank you.    I would point out two things that did cause us grave concern about that. One was quite simply, the sole source authority was provided for that program in the very same legislative vehicle that directed SBA to institute a certification program for women-owned small businesses. On a very basic level, we believed that they should be done at the same time because Congress seemed to be telling SBA ``we think we should change this in the program but also do this.'' That was a concern to us, especially given our work early on in the WOSB program where there was self-certification being happened very early on when we took a sample, and when we looked to see what documents were behind the self-certification of some of these businesses that were supposed to be uploaded in that website to show why these businesses that are supposed to be in the program, they simply were not there. That seems to evidence a weakness in a self-certification program that was of concern to Congress, and yet, here you are doing sole source, which is a much faster way of getting contracts out. There is more money flowing out the door, and yet the safeguard that Congress has asked for has not happened yet. It is a source of great concern for us, and I appreciate Congress' continued attention to that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I have the same understanding as you that this has been set out and sought comment. I know that we have done prior work in some of these self-certification programs and these certification programs that I think should always be a lesson for SBA when a new program, such as WOSB, comes in. I think that there are lessons to be learned from the HUBZone program, for example, that talked about those certifications. Those are out there and, of course, they are known to SBA, because those are recommended directly to SBA. Whether we have made formal comments on the WOSB, I do not believe so. I do not think that we have. But certainly, we are there to help. We are there to give opinions. If they have further questions, I would be happy to meet with them. And I certainly----    Ms. GUSTAFSON. We are always happy to give them any comments that they ever want, Ranking Member Velazquez.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Yes. Thank you very much for your question. Loan agents are outside parties that help package the documents that are used for getting a loan through. What our investigators have found and have brought forward, and it has been a management challenge for a very long time, is if there is a loan agent out there who is falsifying documents and knowingly committing fraud, they are not doing it one time. That is what they do. What has been a source of frustration for us for years is at first there was absolutely no way to know, here I have Loan Agent Jones and I know he is a fraud. Can you tell me what other loans has he worked on? We have been for years saying you have got to find a way to have a system where we can look up Loan Agent Jones and see what other loans there are, not only to detect patterns, but absolutely to detect the amounts of fraud.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. There have been----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--implement this recommendation?    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I apologize for interrupting. There have been several reasons. At one point, and they have evolved as they have tried to make progress, to be fair on the challenge. There were technology challenges. They wanted to do some updating of the databases. They did not want to, and believe that they cannot use Social Security numbers, which is fine, which is why we are suggesting you do not need a social. Make up a number. Just have a certain one. So I think that they are getting closer. I think they have now acknowledge that they need to have a searchable database that cannot just be that if I am Peggy Gustafson for one, but Peggy Elizabeth Gustafson for another, it will not get a match and stuff like that. So I----    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I am sorry.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. No, I think that I am pleased that they are working with us finally on this because for a while there was no progress, but absolutely, it is time to have a central system. And the lenders agree. I really do not think there is any question about that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I do not know, Representative Kelly, that it is a question of not using the tools. I think it is more a question of that this is just a very big issue involving a lot of money and there are so many kind of different aspects to this issue that there is not one good fix.    Now, some of the things you mentioned I think should be tremendously helpful. The idea of recertification in the instance of a merge innovation should really change some of these things because when a small company is bought by a big company, now to have to be certified is a big deal. I think that those are all very positive steps. I think that we are talking about 23 percent of Federal contracting. We are talking about billions and billions and billions of dollars. Where there is money, there is going to be fraud. I think that--I do not know that SBA is not using them. I think that we are quite frankly at a moment in time when time is going to tell very soon whether this is having an impact. These are things that this Committee has advocated for and given in the relatively recent past. These are changes. It is hard to change IT systems and things like that. But I think that they are going to be crucial to kind of addressing those issues. So I think that is, to be fair, a better way of putting it. Some of them should be very impactful and should help on this.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I think that you are exactly right; that change is only going to happen when they are setting the correct priorities. I think, as I noted in my statement, when they do that, change happens, and I think that is why LMAS happened. I think that on some of these management challenges, what they have done in the recent past is they have gone to program officials and say, you own this challenge, and so if we do not make progress on this challenge, I am going to want to know why. You are absolutely right. Without that, change probably does not happen.    Now, whether in the big picture, where their priorities are is exactly right, I think it is a bigger question. I think that sometimes SBA--and I have talked about this before--suffers from the fact that as hard as it is an advocacy organization, I think it often feels pressure to get the loans out the door, get the numbers up for 8(a). While those are lofty and important goals, they always need to be mindful that the right people and businesses have to be getting those goals. So it is an art really on applying the right type of pressure.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I think that SBA has been incredibly receptive to our suspension and debarment referrals, up to and including taking a lot of credit for it, which is fair, because in the end they do the suspensions and debarments, so I am happy to share the credit and things like that. We do find a receptive audience for them because we work very hard to give them a package that allows for a suspension or disbarment.    The same thing with the Department of Justice. In my experience in the past 6 years, I have found, I think, a stronger appetite, especially in the procurement area, for assistant U.S. attorneys to take these cases. I think there has been progress made in defining damages which makes them more attractive to a prosecutor. We certainly do our best to give them the case all pretty and wrapped up and ready to go. And I think the will is there on both parts.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I think that, Representative Clarke, you are alluding to an incredibly crucial point, which is it makes no sense to tout a goal and to tout having reached the goal if in the end you cannot really have confidence in the numbers behind that goal. I do think that there has been a body of work by my office and by GAO that has called into question whether there can be complete confidence in those goaling numbers. I think it is a complicated issue because when you start getting into goals and the reporting, often the reporting begins with the procurement agency doing the right coding and putting it into the system, and SBA ends up doing kind of a capping of, you know, we are adding those up. I acknowledge that that is a challenge, but I do think that it is important that SBA take a hard look and really be not skeptical but question the numbers just so that they can reach a confidence level that really is representing small businesses; that when you talk about the billions of dollars and save 25 percent, that you can look at the American public and say, I am telling you that 25 percent of that money, that money is going to small businesses who is performing that work.    I do think that for various reasons, both in inadequacy of data systems, data errors, which seem to always be one way and not the other, which is it is coded small when it should have been coded large, you do not see the opposite happening. I think with some of the very complex rules related to what Representative Kelly referred to, which is companies that graduate out of the program, that get big, that get bought, that is a whole lot of details that get lost when it is just about the numbers. I think what is crucial is that the number really be delved into by those of us, myself included, GAO, Committees such as yours, and really what you think that number means, SBA. Explain to us why Northrop Grumman might be on there. Let's talk about that. I think it is important to shine a light. But the work after that gets very complex. Without holding feet to the fire, both the SBA and the procuring agencies, there is too big an incentive to really meet those numbers. There is a huge incentive to meet those numbers. That is often at the cost of making sure that you can tell the taxpayers that those numbers are right.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Absolutely.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. When you look at our management challenges, especially when you look at them historically, there has always been a challenge related to small business, to the contracting goals and things like that. One of the things that I think SBA is to be commended for is that we really tried to push them to say, look--and I think this is a government-wide issue--you cannot say your responsibility ends at the door to the procuring agency because these are difficult programs that you know better than anybody else. The problem becomes to diffuse if you are going to say, well, that is a DOD contract or that is an Air Force contract or an EPA contract. And I think that they have taken some steps in that as far as training, as far as going to the colleges. I do not mean the colleges, but the acquisition courses that teach acquisition because it is a very confusing area and say, hey, let's have a small business section and let's talk about that. I think that that is progress on their part, and I think they need to continue to do that and really continue to own the responsibility for ensuring the integrity of those programs. Because of SBA does not own them, nobody is going to.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I mean, the easiest way to debar somebody is to wait for a conviction, and then it is easy because you can debar them with no question. But the law has always provided for what we would call, and you are well aware, of fact-based debarment or suspension. I do not think it necessary takes a criminal prosecution, especially because in these programs it is a very sophisticated type of person who knows how to take advantage and defraud these programs because they are confusing. You need to know how to take advantage of the system. All it really takes is--I do not think it takes somebody behind bars, but I think you need to hit them in their pocketbook. I think debarment is often a very easy way to do that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Right.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Oh, no, no, no, no. I think the quick answer to your question is it does not have to be me. I mean, they certainly have the enforcement authority and ability and that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I do think, first off, I think government-wide, just in my experience as an IG and speaking to other IGs, I think government-wide there had been a cultural problem of, especially on the suspension and disbarment front, of trying to touch that if you did not have a conviction. I think the Federal Government, and there was a task force that was created, I think they are doing better government-wide on doing that, led by some much more aggressive agencies. EPA was actually pretty aggressive about S&D, as was the Air Force. They had some pretty strong suspension and debarment officials who were out there really doing that type of work, which is always easier to follow somebody who does it first because then you know how to do it. I think SBA has that capability.    I will say that as I previously mentioned, but I absolutely think it is true, I think it is sometimes hard for SBA to put their enforcement hat on. I really do. I think it is because it really--I think they somehow feel it is at odds with their advocacy element, which I personally do not understand but I am not an agency official in that way. Just because any time somebody is getting, be it a loan or a contract that are not supposed to, some legitimate small business is getting hurt. I firmly believe that the honest participants in these programs, be it the small businesses getting the contracts or the lenders, they would be happy to see these bad actors get out of there.    I do think that it is unfortunate that a lot of times the enforcement angle has not been given the same priority as the advocacy angle. Anecdotally, I think they are better about it, and I think one of the reasons is--I wish it was because of me, maybe it is--but I also think it is because of you. I think it is because of Congress, because nothing, nothing is more impactful, quite frankly, than hauling an agency official up here.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Do I?    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Right. I think that the best thing that Congress can possibly do is to never let the agency forget that you are there. I do not think they forget that you are there, but I think that as somebody noted before, unless they think you are anybody--it is a rational actor kind of thing--unless they are worried that this is what you are paying attention to, they are going to worry about the other stuff. In addition to the series of hearings, which I think really has been impactful, at least certainly right now in the short term, there are other things that you can do that would not be as onerous for you all as hearings. You do not have to call me up all the time or anything like that, but I think just kind of holding their feet to the fire. I think it pays off immense dividends, be it a letter or briefings or things like that in addition to this. They will not forget that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I cannot address the resource issue because I think that is really more appropriate for the agency. I do not know if they feel like they have enough resources or they do not on that. Our Mentor-Protege audit is at least a couple of years old now, but it did evidence a source of concern, especially in the joint venture area because the Mentor-Protege Joint Venture will count for small business credit, will count towards the small business goal. So it is really crucial that the requirements of that program and the limits and things like that be met.    I think you are right. There is always an education component because, again, it is not an excuse, but those regs are no fun to read and they are complicated. I think that, similar to what I noted before, I think SBA needs to continue their education component because they really are the best ones to educate the procuring agencies and things like that on what the issues are. So I think it is a tremendous tool if used correctly. If Mentor-Protege Joint Ventures are not used correctly, they become kind of almost a passthrough where not only are there credit being given for things being done by small businesses, or pardon me, by large businesses, but I think even just as tragically, the small businesses are not getting the development experience that the whole Mentor-Protege program is meant to do which is to say you have this mentor and we are going to show you how to do it. When that program is not running the way it should, they are not developing the way that Congress has anticipated that they would be developed.    That is kind of the attention that I think needs to remain and I do not really have an update in all candor on Mentor-Protege since then, but I am hopeful that the agency has followed through on some of that. I cannot remember off the top of my head.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. The definition of economic disadvantage has been if you are aware of our color coding that we use for management challenges currently, which is red, orange, yellow, and green, like a stop sign but with orange in there. It has been at red because we believe there is no progress. And it is, quite frankly, a place where the agency has just completely disagreed with us. We firmly believe, and we think it is crucial, that there be an economic analysis done to try to figure out what economic disadvantage means in terms of numbers. I mean, we do not think that the agency has performed or contracted out to get that robust economic advantage.    I think it is crucial because if you are not defining economic disadvantage based on a competent and strictly done economic analysis, then how can you be sure that only the right people are getting into the program? If you are letting people in who are not economically disadvantaged, again, not only are the wrong people getting contracts, but, quite frankly, they are at an advantage because they are probably more wealthy, they may be more sophisticated, have more assets. It really puts the truly academically disadvantaged behind the 8-ball to even benefit from the program.    I have been here now for two administrators. They do not agree with me on this, and they do not agree before me and before the first administrator, they do not agree with us on this. But I think it is something that really needs to be--it is an important enough issue that we have kept it at red. It is in the management challenges, and we think it is crucial to really be again. These programs are not worthwhile if you are not benefiting the right people. Because they are expensive programs, very often the Federal Government pays a premium on some of these contracts if you believe that full and fair and open competition would be maybe cheaper for the government, and so you need to benefit the right people. Without starting with the right definitions, I do not think you are going to do that.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Thank you.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Yes.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I believe so.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Well, all of my employees are career government employees who have to be, who have to fit the qualifications that we have for the positions, and then are managed. I have certainly made it a priority to make sure that we are managing the employees so that they are doing the right thing. So we provide the training that they need. Our auditors have to go through continuing CPE, which is like CLE for lawyers.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Yeah.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Representative, clearly, no. In my opening statement I referred to 144 open recommendations, and some of those date back to at least 2011. There are some that--so we are talking about some 5 years old, 4 years old, 3 years old, and that is a source of frustration. It can be frustrating at times as the IG because we cannot make them do anything. So we report the recommendations and we keep them there.    I will tell you that as IG even, I have emphasized to my staff that it is also on us. Do you know what I mean? It is kind of like we have said a couple of times but I think it is crucial, it has to be a priority and it kind of has to be mentioned and I think that certainly my head of audits has made it a priority as well to let our auditors know as well, hey, where are those recommendations? Where do they stand? There is no point in making a recommendation if nobody----    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Well, I think you could extrapolate that to the whole government. I think the emphasis on the Improper Payments Act has been much higher in the last several years after some improvements to the act and stuff like that, and I think it would be fair to ask, does it really take an act of Congress to make the agencies care about improper payments? The answer sometimes is yes, because sometimes while they are running their programs and getting their stuff done, it is hard. The stuff in the mirror, the stuff in the rearview mirror sometimes gets left behind. I do think that the Federal Government as a whole has made progress because of the Improper Payments Act and because of the attention paid to it. And SBA to a certain extent, too. But they started with no processes on some of this. So we are at a stage now, after 4 years or so, of these improper payments reports of where on some of these programs, okay, now they have the processes and now we, as the IG, are going to wait to see what they have instituted now that what they have been told to do are working. I cannot defend the inaction for that, but I am grateful for acts like that because I do think some progress has been made.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Thank you.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Again, absolutely. As I noted, it has been a process over the last several years. Starting with the first time that agencies were required to report improper payments, that year we actually went and did our own analysis. You may recall, and again, it certainly is in my tenure, I think it was 2011, we vastly disagreed where those numbers were. It was inconceivable how far apart the agency was from the IG on that. We very quickly got into the weeds on some of this. Was it a sampling error? Things like that, and projection and stuff like that. The process as we have gone forward, and as the management challenges have noted, is that we have really tried to hold their feet to the fire to institute the type of quality assurance reviews and the more stringent look at high dollar, early default loans which are often an indicator that there may be something wrong with the origination of those loans. That really did require SBA to kind of start some processes that were not there and dedicate some resources that really had not been dedicated.    I think when you look at the Management Challenges report, to be fair to SBA, we have seen progress. There has been absolute upward movement in a positive way instituting some of those processes and getting those in place. As I noted before, when you look at our report of last October, which was our most recent Management Challenges report, the next step is for us to be shown that the processes are now working and they are being used the way they are supposed to be used and that they are working. The numbers that SBA has reported and the loan programs have been the largest numbers, and especially the Disaster Loan Program, which started at a very, very high number, they have gone down extraordinarily in the last several years. Now, I will tell you that----    Ms. GUSTAFSON. They were. They were. And I am sorry. At one of them they were indicating that they did not think there was an improper payment rate. I forget if it was 7(a) or if it was disaster. It was one of them where they said we do not think there are any improper payments. That is not the case anymore. They have started reporting rates and our most recent and proper payments reviews which come out in the spring--our latest one will come out within the next couple of months--it is either April or May--have shown that they have followed the act and instituted the processes that are in there. Again, I----    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Oh, no. We were doing SBA data and trying to use the same sample. It got to questions of--and of course, because we are talking about projections, I know that in some of the early work it was just a matter of disagreeing over a couple of loans that caused them to have an incredibly low rate and then to cause us to have what we felt was a more reasonable, and not excessively high but a higher rate, and that was several years ago under Administrator Mills' tenure. I was pleased because the end result of that--and of course, that always takes a while and that is after the numbers have been reported and stuff, and everybody has kind of moved on because the rates are there--they ended up agreeing with us and adjusting. I remember getting into a fight with them over are you going to go back and change the report? We will put it in a little footnote. You know what I mean. But whenever they agree with us, however begrudgingly, I think that that is good.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. We do believe that, and that is where the work is done, of course, is at the centers and at that program level. If they had not come around there would not have been movement on the challenges. We think that they are there. The latest rate in disaster is down to under 10 percent. What is interesting about that is it started at about 28 percent. What is interesting about that is that causes them to be in compliance with IPRO, which is the act, which is good, but last year it was at 12 percent. That is a big jump or decline or whatever you do when you go from 12 to 8 percent.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. You have to start instituting processes and devoting resources. There are financial penalties after a certain extent in that you can only----    Ms. GUSTAFSON. No, that is what it is. The act begins to require you to, you know, it kind of takes away your ability to spend money in certain ways because you have to devote certain amounts of money to those processes and things like that. It was good that they went to 8.5 percent. It was a pretty crucial number.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. I think the best way to describe my confidence level is probably mixed. I think that the pressure that was put on and the attention that was paid to the inadequate response times and processing times in Sandy surely got the attention of the agency. I know that you have paid a great deal of attention. I am sure you have met with Mr. Rivera on that. You did that report that I thought was extraordinarily helpful about the processing times and things like that.    I do think that in a way, again, when the agency knows that this is something that they have to be laser focused on, they will be laser focused on it. I think that certainly that is going to be a number one priority for wherever the next big disaster, a Sandy or a Katrina or something like that. That is going to be a huge priority. But the challenge is going to be, and I know that you are keenly aware of this, is one of the things that affected the processing times in Sandy was the kind of new programs that they were trying to institute. In an ironic twist, the things that they were instituting that involved--they were supposed to expedite some of the processes both in IDOL and in some of the smaller home loans--because there is a learning curve there, because of whatever reason, that did not help. It showed, and we did a report that showed that that did not really help. That remains a concern for me.    If there is going to be this kind of learning curve in the initial response to disaster, especially in the context of the programs that I know that you have talked about and that we have talked about in our management challenges that have yet to be instituted, the third-party lender programs and things like that that Congress had told SBA to use, I believe, in 2008, I think. So my fear is, I guess, if this time they are really going to do that, that is going to be good except for is that going to again cause a learning curve or a lag in the beginning and we find ourselves exactly where it is?    I hate to quote yourself back to you, but I think this may have been in your report. If so, I apologize for parroting back to you, but SBA needs to not be so reactionary. As long as they continue to be reactionary and trying to do that, I think they are always going to be a little bit behind the curve on that. In the disaster area, that has such dire consequences because, again, that means that the people who have just been devastated, their business or their homes, are not going to get the type of service that Congress, and certainly SBA, wants them to get.    Ms. GUSTAFSON. Right.