    Ms. Patterson. Okay, thank you, Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Cohen, Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for inviting us to appear before you today to discuss the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. I welcome the opportunity to testify with my colleague, Brian Egan, the Department of State's legal adviser.    I understand the motivation for this legislation, and all of us in the Administration deeply sympathize with the victims of terror and their families. I can personally attest that unprecedented resources have been dedicated to our national security to ensure that no other Americans will suffer the same fate as the victims of the September 11th attacks.    From the successful efforts against Al-Qaeda leadership in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border, to the vast improvement in our intelligence about terrorist leaders, and to our successes in rooting out sources of funding for terrorism, we have worked every day to protect the homeland. We all know that the families of the 9/11 victims have suffered grievously, and nothing will ever be sufficient to alleviate their suffering. However, the 9/11 attacks were, and have continued to be the subject of intense and exhaustive investigation by U.S. government agencies and commissions.    While these efforts will continue, I am here today to explain why the Administration believes that JASTA is not the right path forward. Most importantly, the passage of JASTA could undermine our critical fight against terrorism, and particularly against ISIL, by limiting our flexibility in operating overseas, and thereby threaten our national security interests.    JASTA represents a sea change in longstanding principles, and would allow private litigations against foreign governments in U.S. courts, based on allegations that such countries' actions abroad made them responsible for terrorism-related injuries on U.S. soil. This legislation would allow suits against countries that have neither been designated by the executive branch as state sponsors of terrorism, nor taken direct action in the United States to carry out an attack here.    JASTA would hinder our ability to protect our national security interests by damaging relationships with countries that are important, critical partners in combatting terrorism at a crucial time when we are trying to build coalitions, not create divisions. We cannot win the fight against ISIL without full international cooperation to deny ISIL safe haven, disrupt its finances, counter its violent messaging, and share intelligence on its activities.    Numerous European and Middle Eastern governments have reached out to the department to express their concerns about this bill. The Dutch Parliament unanimously passed a motion on July 6th calling JASTA a breach of Dutch sovereignty that could expose the Netherlands to astronomically high damages via exposure to liability in U.S. courts.    I have seen firsthand throughout my career that the United States benefits significantly from the protection afforded by foreign sovereign immunity given its extensive diplomatic security and assistance operations.    We believe, just as importantly, that this legislation opens the U.S. to litigation abroad. As Members of this Committee know, some actions the United States takes overseas can be controversial, and if JASTA is enacted, it could erode our sovereign immunity protections abroad. Even if they are not eager to do so--and in many cases foreign governments are fully supportive of the counterterrorism steps the United States has taken--such governments will come under intense public pressure to create rights for their citizens to soothe the United States.    As you know, the United States funds, trains, and equips numerous groups around the world. Exposing the United States to lawsuits in foreign courts could open the door to litigation seeking claims against the U.S. government and reduce our ability to work with groups that have been vital to achieving our national security objectives.    U.S. counterterrorism strikes that have been a crucial and successful component of our counter-Al-Qaeda and counter-ISIL efforts do occasionally, tragically, and despite all safeguards, cause civilian casualties. If foreign courts were to take a similar approach in a country where such a strike took place, they might allow suits to be brought against the United States for such actions.    Additionally, men and women working on such operations could face the risk of being brought to trial or compelled to provide evidence if they travel to the country where the operation occurred. We have deep concerns about exposing this broad range of U.S. national security-related conduct to scrutiny in foreign courts. These risks could ultimately have a chilling effect on our own counterterrorism efforts.    Finally, I want to mention the possibility that JASTA may cause foreign governments to reconsider their investments here because they may have concerns that their money would be at risk of being attached in connection with a lawsuit. Before proceeding with this legislation, we believe there needs to be additional consideration of the potential unintended consequences of its enactment.    We welcome opportunities to engage with the Subcommittee on that discussion. I also want to thank the Subcommittee for your ongoing support as we continue to advance our national security interests, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Chairman, in the case of Saudi Arabia, let me say that neither the 9/11 Commission nor the review that was undertaken of the 9/11 Commission in 2015 found any link between the 9/11 attack and the government of Saudi Arabia.    But if such a link should, of course, arise at any point--and again I stress that there is absolutely no evidence there was such a link--the U.S. government would pursue that vigorously through all kinds of methods--law enforcement, intelligence, seizure of assets. I believe there is sort of the undercurrent here that we do not have tools existing to go after these cases.    And over the past 15 years, we have employed a very broad range and aggressive range of tools to go after these 9/11 perpetrators and to change the international system that allows terrorist financing to prosper. So, I think the presumption is mistaken, but I also think if that were proven to be true, we would do everything in our power to seek redress.    Ms. Patterson. Mr.----    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Cohen, again, I would stress that there is absolutely no evidence that the Saudis have been involved in the 9/11 attacks, and we have a very close----    Ms. Patterson. The lawsuit----    Ms. Patterson. So, I think our concerns about this legislation are broad, and that this is--first of all, Saudi Arabia and many other countries in the Middle East are very important partners in our fight against terrorism----    Ms. Patterson. Absolutely.    Ms. Patterson. Mr. Cohen, the Saudis, over the past 15 years, have instituted a very broad range of steps that have cut off financing for terrorists, and I could outline those here. They have cooperated with us very extensively on intelligence exchanges and intelligence tips that have protected American citizens, and again, they are on the forefront of this fight against terrorism, as you mentioned. They are a very important partner in our fight against terrorism.    Ms. Patterson. Sir, I would take issue with that. They are not on the list, because they are not a state sponsor of terrorism, and the process of designating state sponsors of terrorism is an exhaustive and analytical one. There is a very significant difference between Saudi Arabia and the countries that are on the list of state sponsors of terrorism.    Ms. Patterson. No longer.    Ms. Patterson. Sir, I think the 28 pages will be very shortly released, and Members of this Committee and members of the public can judge for themselves. But it is not just Saudis who have come to this state to commit terrorist attacks.    When I was ambassador to Pakistan, we had two very dramatic events. One, the so-called Times Square bomber, who was a Pakistani, and an Afghan in Colorado who was going to bomb the New York subway station. And in both cases, the cooperation of foreign intelligence agencies was absolutely vital in running down and analyzing and preventing these attacks. So, yes, we have certainly the terrorist threat, but it is much broader than Saudi Arabia.    Ms. Patterson. It is not just drones, sir.    Ms. Patterson. Okay, then let me outline, then, if I could. It is drones. Certainly, it is drones. It is some of these organizations, these law enforcement and intelligence and military organizations that we support, but it is also the fact--when I was in Egypt in 2011, International Republican Institute and National Democratic Institute were prosecuted in Egyptian courts on criminal charges.    It is also because we do not trust, in many cases, the legal systems and the prosecutors and the kangaroo courts in these other countries, and we could easily have a lawsuit brought about by corrupt or intimidated judges or by the public that could prejudice U.S. interests. It is not just people that get killed. It is a whole range of other activities that we engage in.    Ms. Patterson. I do not agree with that, Mr. Conyers, because I think what this would do--that suggests that the sources of these terrorist acts are countries like ours, where public transparency might have an impact, and I can assure you in many of the countries that I have served, that would not be an issue.    What I think it will do is limit our own freedom of action overseas as lawsuits proliferate in places like Pakistan and Egypt and other countries in the Middle East. So, I think it would reduce cooperation among countries, particularly in the Middle East, but also in South Asia, that work with us closely on counterterrorism activities.    Ms. Patterson. I think in American courts, I think there are a number of countries quite apart from Saudi Arabia that would be concerned about exposure in U.S. courts, and I think it would not only be related to the 9/11 attack. As I mentioned, we had potential terrorist attacks from Pakistan. We had potential terrorist attacks from Afghanistan. They could also be subject to this. We think the reach of this legislation is quite broad.