    Mr. Powner. Chairman Bridenstine, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Subcommittee, since my December testimony before this subcommittee, we have continued to review the JPSS program and NOAA's policies and procedures for determining the life span of existing and future satellites. Accurately depicting these life spans is important, given potential gaps in coverage and the timing of the out-year satellite acquisitions.    This morning, I will provide an update on the JPSS program, the latest of our estimate on the potential gap, a security assessment of the ground stations, and some observations about the Polar Follow-On program.    JPSS's launch date of March 2017 is on target according to NOAA despite the program missing interim milestones for the spacecraft, ATMS, and the ground segment. This is the case since the program had sufficient costs and schedule reserves built into it. This committee's persistent questioning of these reserves over the past several years demonstrates the important role your consistent oversight has played.    We still remain concerned about the launch date because the launch readiness date just slipped one month from December 2016 to January 2017. Two key areas to watch are the August ground station delivery and the upcoming thermal vac test, which is to start at the end of this month.    So with the March 2017 launch date and a three month checkout period, which is somewhat optimistic, JPSS-1 is expected to be the primary operational satellite in the early afternoon orbit around June 2017 or roughly a year from now.    I'd like to display a chart that I showed at the December hearing.    At that hearing I testified and NOAA agreed that it was extending the NPP life span from October 2016 to 2020. That's the red arrow at the top of the chart. At that time, we questioned whether it should be extended the full four years given NOAA's assessment. Since then, we've learned that NOAA now labels this four-year extension as fuel-limited life, and it is not the expected life of the spacecraft and sensors. This is just another instance where NOAA's charts and satellite life spans have been misleading to the Congress.    Another key question is whether the ATMS instrument on NPP will last until J-1's ATMS becomes operational. We testified in December about the ATMS issues, and they continue.    Just recently, we made recommendations to NOAA to develop a policy for updating its fly-out charts to include having these life spans consistently and accurately reported based on detailed analyses. We believe this rigor in developing the fly-out charts is critical for NOAA to rebuild trust with both this committee and with the appropriation committees.    Mr. Chairman, I'd now like to turn to the ground station security findings and recommendations. This is an important area because NOAA has reported several incidents regarding access to its ground system, including hostile probes and unauthorized access. To its credit, NOAA has a systems security plan, has performed detailed penetration tests, and is working to address known vulnerabilities. However, NOAA has determined that the JPSS ground system is at high risk of compromise due to the significant number of controls that are not fully implemented.    As this next chart displays, NOAA has been working on over 1,000 critical and high vulnerabilities on the current ground station and hundreds more have been identified from penetration tests on the ground upgrade. Just last night, NOAA provided an update on open vulnerabilities and they report decreasing roughly 1,500 open critical and high vulnerabilities down to about 1,200, a decrease of 300. Of concern are the critical vulnerabilities associated with the current operational ground station. These actually increased slightly. No one needs to close these vulnerabilities much quicker. Some areas to address these vulnerabilities include applying recommended patches and implementing stronger access controls.    Turning to the follow-on program, we are all for robust constellations and avoiding any potential gaps like the one we hope does not occur between NPP and J-1, but proposals to build J-3 and 4 to store nearly 3 and six years respectively need to be supported by cost-benefit analyses of different storage and launch scenarios. In addition, these continuity decisions need to be balanced with minimizing program costs.    In conclusion, NOAA has done a solid job coming out of the NPOESS debacle and being on the verge of the J-1 launch. Monitoring the remaining tests in the ground station delivery is important in these remaining months to see if the March 2017 launch date holds.    Regarding the gap between NPP and J-1, ATMS aware is the critical watch list item. NOAA also needs to more accurately inform Congress of satellite life spans and potential gaps in coverage, and finally, they need to better secure ground stations to avoid security incidents involving the loss of critical weather data.    This concludes my statement. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Powner. Well, I think that's still in question. When you look at--our main concern is the potential gap right here and now between NPP and J-1. I think when you look at the plan for J-2 and you look at the follow-on programs, J-3 and 4, those gaps go away. They really go--the near-term issue is with ATMS on NPP and will it last long enough until we get J-1 up there and transition over to the ATMS on J-1. That's, I think, the key question in the near term.    When you look at the out year, there is a robust constellation being planned. In fact, they're even planning to store satellites 3 and 4, the follow-on programs, for relatively 2 to three years and then 5 to six years. That's the current plan. So after we get past this first hurdle, I think the robustness begins.    Mr. Powner. Well, that's the key question. When you look at the out-years satellites, there's economies of scale to go ahead and build these things quicker, especially if we're replicating what we're doing on J-2. And we get that. And we ought to take advantage of that. And we also ought to take advantage of some firm fixed prices because we've done these things. There's opportunities to save money.    But there's also a challenge with building them quickly and storing them. There's a cost with that. And you've also got to balance that with the annual appropriation process. How do you balance all those things? And I just think NOAA needs to be real clear in their plans forward that we're justifying the best decisions to ensure robustness but still do it where we're fiscally responsible.    Mr. Powner. Absolutely. I mean, there's always, you know, leaps with some of these technologies that help with the forecasting with our observational sensors and the whole bit. So again, you know, we don't want to--there's some sweet spot in there, and what--finding that sweet spot where we store not excessively ensuring that we can actually enhance some of the sensors going forward, and I think finding that sweet spot, it's still kind of a TBD in our mind.    Mr. Powner. Well, clearly, I think there's a lot of lessons learned looking at what happened with NPOESS and why we had such huge cost overruns in launches and delays in planned launches. One of the big things you can start with is the level of complexity that was associated with NPOESS. At one time there was an excessive amount of sensors. We got down to five. I think decreasing the complexity is the first start in ensuring that our requirements are real solid. Many times we ask for so many things in our requirements have a lot of nice-to-haves, but what do we essentially need. So that's been a real lesson learned looking back over the--both the GOES and the JPSS programs.    Mr. Powner. Well, I think that's what's--currently right now I think the plan is to launch in the 2024 and '26 time frames those two satellites and then actually they would be stored for a period of time. So, for instance, J-3 I believe the current plan is to launch 2024 and to store for about 2-1/2 years into 2026. With J-4 the plan would be in early 2026 to have it ready to go in storage and launch in '31.    Mr. Powner. They could be because of the economies of scale, but the--you know, you've got to offset that with some of the storage costs. We understand that is in excess of--although if you look at what happened with DMSP 20, that ended up being in excess of some of the storage costs there. Again, we've got to find what's that right area where we're building it and having this robust constellation that Dr. Volz referred to.    But also, too, you need to balance that with Congressional budgets. We know that both the GOES program and the JPSS, those two programs consume a large portion of NOAA's budget. So if in fact you could address other priorities at some point and hold off those out-year satellites, maybe that's the appropriate thing to do that--we would just like to see the analysis provided to Congress, not only this committee but we get the same questions from the appropriation committees whether this is the right cadence and sequence for the out-years satellites. And it's really in NOAA's court to prove that that is the best cadence with those out-year satellites.    Mr. Powner. Yes, I think the fly-out charts, there's improvements that could be made. So for--I'll just point to NPP. The NPP, the amount of fuel that's on there, that's not what's really important. What's important is how long is the spacecraft and the sensors going to last? And we think those fly-out charts should reflect that.    I think Dr. Volz brought up some good things with their availability assessments. They have the data. That data, when you look at the 2015 analysis, basically says that I think--I think the life span using their data is somewhere in the 2018 time frame, not 2020. However, that's dated.    And I do want to bring up this point on ATMS again because I think Dr. Volz is right. His answer was absolutely correct that all this data plays into the short-term forecast. But let's not downplay the importance of ATMS and CrIS and the importance of using those two instruments together for forecasts. If you don't have ATMS working well, there is an effect on our forecasts, so it's very important that we keep that thing going on NPP until we get J-1 up there.    Mr. Powner. We've had great debates over this data gap over the years, Congressman, and, you know, in our--we put it on our high-risk list, the gap--potential gap in the data here is something that is critical. We need to acknowledge it. We need to have appropriate contingency plans in place. I think NOAA has done a good job on that, but I think there needs to be even better transparency with these fly-out charts and everything, not only this committee, but we get the same questions from the appropriators, too. It's not always clear.    Mr. Powner. And we just need better transparency. And I think we're moving in that direction, and I think there's been an acknowledgment of that.