    Mr. Dunlap. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, distinguished members of the committee. My name is Matt Dunlap. I live in Old Town, Maine, and I am Maine's Secretary of State, and I thank you for the opportunity to sit with you today and talk a little bit about the aspects of voter registration and some of the supporting documents that we utilize to ensure the integrity of that process.    I am also the chief motor vehicle official for the State of Maine, so we issue about a million driver's licenses, and that process has changed significantly over the last 10, 15 years, and I will speak to that quite briefly.    I am quite pleased to tell you that in the State of Maine, at least, registering to vote, along with every other aspect of the elections process, is highly accessible to qualified citizens and is quite secure. In order to register to vote, you fill out the registration card, you have to present a photo identification or non-photo government official documentation, provide an official document that shows proof of your residency; and we allow for election day registration, no-excuse absentee balloting. We had strong systems in the military and overseas voter empowerment act. We have a number of provisions in the law that open the doors to voters to come and participate in our process.    In the 10 years that I have been Secretary of State, we have sent two cases of misuse of a ballot to the attorney general for prosecution. Now, I think it is important for me to note here, in the discussion that is centered today around the prospect of voter fraud, that no amount of fraud is acceptable.    Nonetheless, it is extraordinarily rare, so what we talk about in the context of voter access is the importance of having integrity in the process, but also access. People need to know that that system belongs to them and that they can trust it. So the processes that we have in place, including a series of sworn Statements that people take an oath to, works quite well and is well policed by local elections officials.    The consequences for violating Maine election law are fairly precipitous. In fact, under one of the very first sections of Title 21-A in the Maine revised statutes, it says a person is guilty of a crime if they knowingly violate a provision of this title for which no penalty has already been provided. So the message there is don't even think about it. And for people who are non-immigrant aliens, the consequences for attempting to register to vote or vote are even more precipitous. After they serve a prison sentence, they are deported and can no longer seek admission as a citizen to our Country.    Now, assuming that they get that far, it is also important to know that the documents that they have access to are heavily described in law to prevent misuse of those documents, including the driver's license. It used to be all you had to do was pass the eye test, written test, and road test. But now you also have to provide proof of citizenship or legal presence in this Country. If you are eligible for a Social Security number, you must provide it to us. And these things have done an awful lot to make the credentials more secure, but also less convenient to obtain for our citizens.    In terms of the work that we do on voter registration and driver's license issuance, it is important for me to note, in looking over the executive orders, that the executive orders really change nothing in how we do our work. The protections in our systems remain, they are uncompromised, and, at least in the State of Maine, they work pretty well.    What I have experienced as the chief motor vehicle officer in the State of Maine is that, actually, a lot of the new requirements I just described, which run parallel to requirements for compliance to the Real ID Act of 2005, do create profound hardships for American citizens trying to comply, and we spend a lot of time in our exceptions process trying to make sure people can comply with the law.    As an administrator, you have to treat everybody the same. It is easy to isolate people and call them potential terrorists or illegal aliens using systems that the Federal Government has very neatly exempted itself from participating in, but when you have people who are born in Canada, who are American citizens, trying to prove that they are Americans can be a troubling process for them; and we spend a lot of time trying to help American citizens comply with our laws.    We have never had an experience as described by my colleagues, with undocumented aliens trying to throw our elections. My experience is they don't come here to vote and they don't come here to drive; they come here to find a better life; and the changes in immigration law which make it very difficult for them to pursue that is occupied entirely by the Federal Government. That field is yours, and yours alone. It is our job to try to help citizens comply with the law.    I will try to answer any questions at the pleasure of the chair that come from this committee, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. Not necessarily, Mr. Chairman. There would be other required documents as well. We do require proof of residency. The Social Security number is not, we don't utilize that as proof of citizenship simply because you do not need to be an American citizen to obtain a Social Security number. It causes a fair amount of discomfort with people. For example, when we tell them we don't accept military ID cards as proof of citizenship for the same reason.    So a work permit on its face would not be sufficient for us to issue a driver's license; there would be other required documents, including proof of identity, which might be a passport, it might be a birth certificate. Lacking those documents, we would probably have to go into a lengthy exceptions process.    If I may give you a very brief example using an American citizen, last year we were confronted with the difficulty of somebody trying to obtain a renewal of their driver's license, and we could not process that request because they could not prove citizenship. As it happened, the individual is of Vietnamese birth, had been adopted by an American serviceman during the Vietnam War, and the hospital where he was born was destroyed by missile fire 2 weeks after his birth and all the records were lost. After a fair amount of research and working with some of our partners in the Federal Government, I was able to inquire after the constituent if they had a copy of his adopted father's obituary, and it was found because he had been listed as a survivor, that was sufficient to satisfy our regulations.    So it takes a fair amount of detective work to ascertain proof of identity.    Mr. Dunlap. That is correct, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Dunlap. We had two cases of misuse of an absentee ballot, for alleged double voting, Congressman.    Mr. Dunlap. It is, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. And I would point out that that is over the course of 4 years.    Mr. Dunlap. Extremely rare.    Mr. Dunlap. I have no evidence of it in the State of Maine, Congressman.    Mr. Dunlap. It doesn't make sense to me, and in many ways, Congressman, the executive order brings this around full circle to an earlier time in motor vehicle administration when many motor vehicle administrators really wanted to provide credentials to people who came here for work purposes, legally or illegally, for the simple premise that, if they are in your system, you know who they are and you know where they are. And for the purposes of highway safety, we all want to make sure that everyone who is operating on the roads that are shared by our families are in fact qualified to operate those vehicles.    The reality is if you make it difficult for them to obtain those credentials, they are going to drive anyway, they are just not going to have a license.    What we find is that if people have the opportunity to comply with the law, they will. If it is impossible for them to comply with the law, then they are already at variance with it. So it only makes logical sense that if people have the opportunity to succeed in America, that they will seize upon that opportunity and not throw it into jeopardy. At least that is what history shows us.    Mr. Dunlap. The President does not require my permission to issue an executive order.    Mr. Dunlap. He did not, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. In order to be eligible to vote, sir, they have to be a domiciled resident of the State, they must demonstrate citizenship, they have to give proof of identity, and affirmative proof of where they live.    Mr. Dunlap. The penalties range from elevated misdemeanors to Class C felonies, which are punishable by up to 5 years in prison and $5,000 in fine, and then being remitted to Federal authorities for further penalties and expulsion from the Country, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. No, sir. We still maintain the same due diligence that we did before.    Mr. Dunlap. It has not affected the right to vote for anyone other than naturalized or born United States citizens, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. I do not know of any such action in my State, sir, but I also Stated earlier that we have never had a complaint of such action, either, so it makes sense.    Mr. Dunlap. I would certainly say, sir, that the right to vote is the preeminent of all of our rights.    Mr. Dunlap. I do believe that it is part of our prime directive to make sure that our systems do have integrity, but also that people can access them as well, and that is a very delicate balance that we maintain through our State legislature as we craft election law.    Mr. Dunlap. Well, if you are speaking in reference to a voter ID statute, that was proposed the last legislature and it was converted under the Republican administration that preceded me into a resolve that created a study committee that examined that issue. In the State of Maine, that study committee actually recommended that we not pursue photo ID to access a ballot because of the hardship that would cause on legal citizens from being able to access their ballots to participate in their election.    Mr. Dunlap. Well, in order to register to vote, as I mentioned before, you do have to present photo ID, a government issued identification, and also an official document that shows that you live in the precinct in which you are registering. In order to obtain that driver's license, if you will, under Maine law, and I didn't get an opportunity to answer Mr. Hice when he asked the same question, but we are required under Maine law to determine citizenship. So if you follow that line, then we do have that check and balance, along with the subscribed oath that you take when you register to vote that everything you State in there is, in fact, true.    Mr. Dunlap. No, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. Absolutely.    Mr. Dunlap. When people say, sir, that they don't think their vote counts, I invite them to come to a recount where we see many races decided by one vote.    Mr. Dunlap. Our races can be small, so it may exist outside that statistical figure, sir.    Mr. Dunlap. Well, under State and Federal law, we do allow people to mail in their voter registrations. They do have to include a photocopy of their ID, as well as copies of those official documents I mentioned earlier; and they have to provide us with either the last four digits of their Social Security number or their driver's license as part of that mail-in registration.    Mr. Dunlap. I have not gotten any reports of people not understanding the requirements. The work that is done, especially under the National Voter Registration Act, in our motor vehicle offices around the State of Maine, that work does include ascertaining, as I mentioned, citizenship and explaining the meaning of the documentation to those that are applying. And when people do mail in their voter registration forms, if they are incomplete, they are rejected and referred back to the registrars of voters, who then followup with the voter to make sure the documentation is complete.    Mr. Dunlap. We handle those one card at a time, so each one is treated separately and each one is examined for every field to make sure the fields are complete and that the documentation that is required is, in fact, provided.    Mr. Dunlap. I do. I do. And we have had, as I say, a number of hotly contested recounts over this last election cycle, and as those recounts were concluded and as the election itself was certified and tabulated, I have had no question about the integrity of our election systems in the State of Maine.    Mr. Dunlap. It has not impacted our ability to enforce Maine election law.    Mr. Dunlap. Not in the State of Maine. This last election cycle, I am proud to say that Maine led the Nation in turnout, with 60.9 percent of voter-age eligible voters utilizing the processes that we provide them.    Mr. Dunlap. No violation of law can be excused or dismissed. In the context of this discussion here today about the impact of the President's executive order and our ability to conduct free, fair, and transparent elections, and some of the solutions that have been offered, I am a little bit bewildered by it all simply because, as I have Stated repeatedly here today, the executive order has not impacted my ability to enforce Maine election law or Maine motor vehicle law.    I would point out that I flew here in a plane; I did not build an airport and start an airline. So the real solution to the problems that are perceived here is immigration reform, not trying to build new data bases and find ways to screen out ineligible voters.    Mr. Dunlap. I can say with great assertion that our 503 municipal clerks and registrars do an extraordinary job making sure that this system is executed to its fullest and that every T is crossed and I is dotted.    Mr. von Spakovsky. And I have to say that, as the 7th Circuit pointed out when it upheld Indiana's voter ID law, you can't detect that kind of fraud when you don't have the tools in place to detect it.    Mr. Dunlap. It was 60.9 percent of voter age eligible.    Mr. Dunlap. That is precisely why the Maine legislature rejected that very piece of legislation and why the study committee said that it would be a disenfranchising force. We do require photo ID to register to vote, but not to access an actual ballot at the polls.    Mr. Dunlap. It would probably be fairly significant. It could run 5 to 10 percent.    Mr. Dunlap. Those denied access to the process, sir.