    Mr. Deutch. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chairman, and thanks for our witnesses for appearing today.    First, I want to thank you, Madam Chairman, and Mr. Connolly for commissioning a series of GAO reports on our assistance to Egypt. The most recent report issued in April highlighted some of the serious challenges faced by Department of Defense and the Department of State in securing compliance from the Egyptian Government on end-use monitoring of our assistance. And I find this troubling. When we work together in partnership with the government, that government should not be hindering our ability to ensure that our assistance is going to where it is meant to go and doing what it is meant to do.    Second, I want to unequivocally state that I value the U.S.-Egypt relationship. I value Egypt's role in the region. I want to see the Egyptian people prosper. And I particularly want to thank the Egyptian Foreign Ministry for the condolences it sent to the victims of the horrific terror attack in the chairman and my home State just days ago.    But it is becoming increasingly difficult to discuss the U.S.-Egypt relationship outside its security context, and so while I have supported and I continue to support the Sisi government and the President's commitment to fighting terror and keeping peace in the region, I am quite troubled by the direction of the country when it comes to civil society and human rights. I do understand that it can be challenging to balance security and human rights.    Egypt is coming out of a period of great turmoil. As Egypt's leaders look around the region, they see numerous threats to stability, and there is no doubt that we share our Egyptian partners' commitment to preventing ISIS and its affiliates from dominating Sinai, but I urge our friends not to silence the discourse on human rights. Engage with civil society, democracy, and human right activists. Work together. Have the tough conversations. A lack of inclusive governing will yield greater instability.    One area I am deeply concerned about is the foreign funding of the NGOs' case. Now, this subcommittee has held many hearings on the arrest, trial, and conviction of the 43 NGO employees. Mr. Green, you have been present for several of those hearings. The idea that the government is now going to reopen the NGO trial and add new defendants is deeply disturbing. The only reason this case should be reopened is to pardon each and every one of the 43 individuals. And I want to commend the chair for continued advocacy on behalf of those who were so wrongfully convicted in this case.    President Sisi has been tasked with the difficult job of reviving Egypt's economy after years of mismanagement. I want to commend him for taking seriously recommendations for reform from the World Bank and the IMF. Last year, the economy grew at its fastest rate since 2010. Buoyed by generous financial support from the gulf, Egypt has found some economic relief. But diminished foreign currency reserves are making it increasingly difficult to import fuel and food, and water shortages are beginning to impact rural areas. The government must continue to work with international financial institutions to push ahead with necessary reforms to meet these challenges.    On the security front, Egypt faces dangerous threats from the Sinai. I commend the Egypt military for its commitment to rooting out terrorism and to taking seriously the need to improve government services and infrastructure for the people of Sinai.    I extend condolences to the dozens of Egyptian soldiers and their families who have lost their lives fighting this terrorism, and President Sisi deserves to be commended for speaking out against violent Islamic extremism.    In addition, I want to thank the Egyptian Government for its continued cooperation with Israel in the Sinai and its continuing efforts to prevent Hamas from using tunnels to smuggle dangerous weapons to Gaza.    President Sisi has made clear his interest in brokering peace between Israel and the Palestinians, and both have welcomed his involvement in the process with trust-building on both sides. He can be a strong voice for two states living side by side in peace and security.    Our $1.3 billion of security assistance to Egypt is critical in the fight against ISIS both in the Sinai and in Libya. The fragile political situation in Libya has created space for ISIS to use Libya as a training ground for its fighters. To that end, assisting Egypt in controlling its 1,100 kilometer border with Libya is essential to preventing ISIS fighters from launching cross-border attacks or using Egypt as a transit point to the greater Middle East.    I applaud the administration's recognition of the need to refocus our assistance on counterterrorism. The threats facing Egypt are not countered with tanks and planes alone but with a strong intelligence apparatus and regional and bilateral intelligence-sharing, and we have a real opportunity here to help Egypt confront and root out terrorism.    I want to see the people of Egypt succeed. I want to see the future of Egypt that so many millions poured into the streets demanding. I believe President Sisi wants his country and his people to thrive, but to do so will take real political will to confront terrorism to reform the economy and to give space for civil society to grow and to thrive. These are not easy tasks, nor are they accomplished without the support of the United States.    And I look to our witnesses today to help us better understand how we can be an effective partner for Egypt while continuing to advocate for the basic human rights and values that this country was founded upon. And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    We have had a lot of discussion about the security issue and the human rights issue and how to bridge them, and I wanted to come at this a different way. President Sisi has taken a leading role in countering violent Islamic extremism, and his has been a needed and welcomed voice in the region. The question, though, is not about how we perceive it. The question is how do the Egyptian people perceive it, number one. And given the crackdown on Islamists, is President Sisi able to be a voice of influence in the broader region? Ms. Hawthorne?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you. Mr. Awad, can you just follow up? I understand--and we have spoken about the concerns that so many of us share on the human rights front and on civil society, and clearly for those segments of Egyptian society who are trying to express themselves, we understand those problems. But more broadly throughout the region is the position that President Sisi has taken, speaking out against these radical Islamist views, how is that being received, again, throughout the broader region, understanding that there are human rights issues, there are civil society issues throughout the broader region as well, which we have to talk about. But just specifically on his willingness to speak out like this, Mr. Awad, what impact is that having?    Mr. Deutch. Ambassador Green, again, getting back to human rights and civil society, the frustration that we have expressed--and again, it is an issue I think Mr. Connolly talked about, the expectations that we have. But again, instead of just viewing this as what we expect and how Egypt receives the message that we are sending to them, how do we speak to Egyptian leaders about human rights in a way that resonates with them and that aligns with their interests? Is there a way to do that?    Ambassador Green. I think the way that we do that is that we suggest to them over and over again--and we have plenty of lessons to point to--that in the long run, for security to be sustainable, it must have citizen buy-in, particularly from the next generation. Young people have to have a stake in a vibrant Egyptian culture and government, and that means that there has to be a space for citizens to engage and have a voice in their government. That, I think, is what we talk about over and over again.    And if I might, just to add on to what we have just heard from your previous question, Egypt is clearly important to America's interests and to the interests of many in the region. However, I think everyone recognizes that Egypt's economy, as bad as it is, would be even more horrendous if it were not for it being buffeted and held up by outside assistance. And the same thing is true with the military.    So while there is stability in one sense, I think many recognize that in so many ways it is hollow, that unless they make these investments in some kind of citizen engagement, they can never truly and sustainably be secure and have that bright future that everyone of us wants to see.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chairman.