    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Madam Chair. It's interesting to be on the other side of the table here. It's kind of lonely down here. Thank you for holding this hearing, Ranking Member Mrs. Lawrence as well, to give us this opportunity to look at how the President's executive order on minimum wage is harming seasonal recreation jobs and public lands and how I believe my bill, the Outdoor Recreation Enhancement Act, can address the problem.    This may not be the most exciting issue, I recognize that, but it's an important one. It impacts real people, and I appreciate the chance to be part of the discussion here today. And, again, I apologize in advance for the fact that I have to leave immediately after my testimony.    Chairwoman, you and I both represent districts that are almost entirely controlled by the Federal Government. Federal ownership on our public lands has all kinds of frustrating outcomes for the residents of Western States, and I'm here to talk about one of those situations, where decisions made here in Washington, D.C., are hurting local businesses, local jobs, and access to public lands.    In February of 2014, President Obama issued an executive order establishing a new minimum wage for Federal contractors which raises the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour for businesses operating under Federal contracts.    First, I should note the minimum wage itself is a misguided economic policy that hurts the very people that we most want to help, those at the bottom of the economic scale. Study after study shows that increasing the minimum wage increases unemployment among low-skilled workers. It accelerates the move from labor to capital and makes it harder--not easier but harder--for young people to get those entry-level jobs that develop the basic skills that helps workers advance and earn more.    But, of course, we're not here to talk about that. We want to talk about the impact the President's actions are having on a specific industry. Because the executive order applies to businesses with a Federal contract, that includes guides and outfitters and other recreational businesses whose only connection to the Federal Government is a permit to operate on Federal lands.    That permit is a pretty tenuous link, but it's enough to bring these businesses under the President's executive order. The Department of Labor's subsequent interpretation of the order requires a number of new regulations that will add additional compliance cost to an industry that operates on very small margins. This increase will force many outfitting businesses to either close or to cease operations on public lands or to operate with fewer workers.    Madam Chairwoman, as you know, my district is huge. It's almost 40,000 square miles, and it comprises almost entirely of public land. We have four national parks and millions of acres of BLM and Forest Service land. Raising the cost of businesses to operate on these public lands will certainly have an impact on local jobs and the ability of guides and outfitters to provide the remarkable experience that attracts millions of visitors from around the world every year to our public lands.    We have other witnesses here who I'm sure will elaborate on how some of these new costs will impact their businesses, but I'd like to briefly read from a letter sent to me by a tour operator located in my district that addresses his concerns. He says: ``We very much want to maintain our commitment to the recreational experience in national parks and on public lands. However, the cost of compliance and the draconian overtime restrictions created by this rule have significant impacts on our business. So this is very serious to us, and we may have to cease running trips in national parks.''    This business owner is not alone. I'm sure that other witnesses today will testify of similar concerns. To address these problems, I again have proposed the Outdoor Recreation Enhancement Act just to simply clarify and expand an existing exemption to wage and hour laws for seasonal recreational establishments under the Fair Labor Standards Act.    The bill will broaden this exemption, which currently exempts ski resorts to include businesses involving rafting, horseback riding, hiking, cycling, and other seasonal recreational business, and I think that's key to point out: These are seasonal recreational businesses.    It's also important to emphasize that these--these businesses typically employ high school and college students who are looking for a position for a summer and want to spend time outdoors. Congress already recognized how these circumstances applied to similar industries almost 40 years ago when it exempted the ski business operating on public lands.    My bill is a simple fix that will allow these businesses to continue to operate on Federal lands and allow all of us the opportunity to enjoy extraordinary experiences in our national parks and other public lands. And for those reasons, I'm grateful for this opportunity to appear before this subcommittee.    And, Madam Chairwoman, I yield back my time.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.