    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to the panel for being here all afternoon.    Dr. Barth, before we took the break, you testified that the $50 billion threshold is ``entirely inappropriate'' for measuring whether an entity falls within the definition of a SIFI. You also testified that the $50 billion threshold is ``totally arbitrary and static.''    Just for the record, is it possible for you to expand on that last statement, the ``totally arbitrary and static?''    Mr. Emmer. Right.    And, Mr. Simmons, I understand that you are the chairman and CEO of a $58 billion bank holding company that operates 7 community banks in 11 States. These community banks are full-service banks, correct?    Mr. Emmer. They provide, among other things, business and consumer loans?    Mr. Emmer. Your company recently filed this--I think the testimony before the break was stress-test documents. Is that correct?    Mr. Emmer. I don't know if they are called something else, but that is what they were referred to earlier. These are some 32 volumes of over 12,000 pages?    Mr. Emmer. Do you know how many of your employees were dedicated to putting those 32 volumes and over 12,000 pages together?    Mr. Emmer. How long did it take?    Mr. Emmer. And have you put a cost to it? Are you able to give us an idea of how much and the hours that were put in and the effort?    Mr. Emmer. Right.    Mr. Emmer. All right.    Just a general question, are certain elements of Dodd-Frank frustrating the ability of financial institutions like yours--and this follows in line with Representative Williams earlier. He was trying to get at the questions you just had, whether this was impacting your ability to service the consumer, the actual customers.    Are certain aspects of Dodd-Frank frustrating the ability of financial institutions like Zions to make loans and offer credit to job creators?    Mr. Emmer. Wow. And I know the focus today has been on SIFIs and the threshold and how you measure it, but I am just interested because it seems to all be related.    And these are general questions, but can you tell us whether the law is having a disproportionately negative impact on Americans of modest means and business startups? I am interested in making sure that capital is available for the people on the lower end who are actually creating the new opportunities in their garage. And it is community banks, among others, that in the past have provided that capital. Are you seeing an impact on that?    Mr. Emmer. Okay. Thank you. I see my time has expired.