    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to follow up on the ranking member's comments about the 20 percent situation here.    Mr. Shoraka, whenever you did this, are you continuing to fall under the same guidelines that HUD had with regards to percent of household incomes and that sort of stuff? You are just taking a community that normally would be restricted to 20 percent but still falls under the guidelines of expanding it to 30 percent or 40 percent. What is the largest that you have expanded to at this point?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. So what percentage of the community then are you allowing to participate in this program?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Originally, the program standard is 20 percent of the community, right?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay. So instead of taking 20 percent of the community, now you are taking 87 percent of the community in? It is a census track, right?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Okay. So what is your anticipated amount of extra workload that you are looking at here? Have you thought about that?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I am not against the competition here that this would encourage.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. What I am looking at is your ability to maintain control. Because Mr. Shear is going to come in here 2 years from now and say, hey, these guys expanded the program; have no idea what is going on. They cannot go back and do visits because you are in here, you are limited to 10 percent or whatever, which is way too low in my mind. And then you are not able to control these things and suddenly we have ineligible businesses in this program which defeats the whole purpose of what is going on.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. My time is running out. I want Mr. Shear to comment on this.    Mr. Shear, do you believe that this expansion is going to undermine the program from the standpoint of expanding it beyond what the intent of it was? Does it help businesses in this area to be able to compete? Question number one.    Number two, have they got the controls in place yet or are they putting controls in place that you believe are going to be adequate to monitor this program, this expansion?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I have got 10 seconds left.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. That is the heart of my question. Are we undermining the purpose of HUBZone? I am not against it. I am just saying are we going too far?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I appreciate the chairman's indulgence. Thank you.