    Mrs. Capps. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Ranking Member Grijalva, for giving me this opportunity to speak. And I want to thank each of you for acknowledging that this is roughly the 5-year anniversary of the tragic Deepwater Horizon spill. And I also want to acknowledge that this is Earth Day, and that is an annual occurrence on this date every year that came about after Senator Gaylord Nelson visited my coastline, the coastline that I am privileged to represent, in 1970 and saw, even a year later, the tragedy that was the 1969 oil spill of Platform A that I represent.    So, I do represent a district that experienced the brunt of the 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill. Our coastline still has multiple oil platforms visible from our shoreline. And many of my constituents and I have a very strong and personal interest in offshore drilling safety.    One of the issues that I do not want to lose sight of in this discussion today is the importance of safety in both deepwater and shallow water drilling. The Interior Department and industry have understandably focused most of their efforts in the last 5 years on improving deepwater drilling safety, because we saw firsthand just how unprepared we were for something terrible to happen 1 mile under the ocean. As companies continue to move into deeper and deeper water, they will encounter more and more dangerous conditions and greater technical difficulties. So continual focus on deepwater drilling is absolutely essential.    But the industry still works in shallow waters, as well. And that is what I don't want to lose sight of in this hearing. After Deepwater Horizon, we were told by industry that, while new safety standards might be appropriate for deepwater, things were much safer in shallow water operations. While the rest of the country watched oil billowing uncontrollably into the Gulf of Mexico, wondering whether offshore drilling could ever be done safely at all, shallow water drillers criticized the Interior Department for focusing more on responding to the spill than issuing new drilling permits. For the record, I think the Department of the Interior made the right choice, and the only choice, in that situation, but clearly, not everyone agreed.    However, in November of 2010, barely 7 months after the blowout began, an executive for a shallow water drilling contractor named Hercules Offshore wrote an editorial touting the safety of their operations. In this editorial he wrote, and I quote, ``We've been drilling shallow water wells safely and without major incident since 1949.'' The contractor was apparently referring only to waters in the U.S. portion of the Gulf of Mexico, because both the 1969 Santa Barbara and the 1979 Ixtoc blowouts occurred in water less than 200 feet deep.    But he went on to say, again I quote, ``Shallow water drilling takes place in mature, predictable, well-known reservoirs. We use proven technologies and well-controlled equipment with our blow-out preventers located right on the rig, allowing for immediate access and constant inspection and maintenance.'' This sounds great. But I would like permission to show you something.    Mrs. Capps. If you can see it, this is--despite the initial similarities, this is not a picture of Deepwater Horizon. It is a picture from July 2013 of a blowout and explosion on a shallow water rig operated by Hercules Offshore, the same company whose executive wrote that editorial about the safety of shallow water operations. The pictured rig, which you see behind me, was operating in 154 feet of water, using proven technologies and a blowout preventer right on the rig that could be immediately accessed and constantly inspected.    Thankfully, no one was killed during this event and there was not a major oil spill. But this was only one of several major shallow water incidents we have seen in the past 5 years, and lives have been lost in some of those incidents. And because these operations are much closer to the shoreline, if a spill does occur on one of them, the impacts on wetlands and wildlife could be so much worse. Shallow is simply not a synonym for safe. All companies should be required to meet the same stringent safety standards that were put into place after the Deepwater Horizon disaster.    Mr. Chairman, I hope we can agree that safety should always be our top priority. I am looking forward to working with you and my colleagues to support common-sense safety measures that are clearly needed. And I yield back.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Director Salerno, for your testimony, and also for the impressive amount of work you have done on new drilling and safety regulations following the Deepwater Horizon incident.    But it also highlighted serious weaknesses in our ability to actually remove oil that has been spilled into the water. That is the topic I would like to focus on a bit.    I witnessed myself the 1969 Santa Barbara oil spill, and I vividly remember the booms that were used to contain the oil, and the workers who mopped--literally mopped--up the oil with their bare hands, and got it all over themselves, as well as the wildlife. Watching the Deepwater Horizon response unfold, I was struck by how little the spill response technology itself being used in 2010 had advanced since the Santa Barbara spill 40 years earlier.    Director, have these technologies improved at all in the past 5 years? And is BSEE--now that this structure is in place, are you planning on making any updates to your oil spill response regulations, which I believe were last updated in 1997?    Mrs. Capps. Thank you.    Mrs. Capps. Right.    Mrs. Capps. Right. That is encouraging to hear.    You know, we have seen over the past decades that most action on drilling safety--and I think this is human nature--or spill response has been taken reactively, both in agencies and here, in Congress. When you have an accident, when there is a spill, the issue comes to the forefront, people respond, and then, in a few years, complacency tends to return, and no new advances are made until the next disaster.    As you note in your testimony, the production safety system rules were last updated in 1988, and that is more than 25 years ago.    Another question: Beyond trying to predict risks in future technologies, how is the Agency working to be more proactive? You mentioned a test area. Maybe you would like to highlight a little bit more of that. To keep regulations in line with technology before something goes wrong.    Mrs. Capps. Good.    Mrs. Capps. And in BSEE's production system rule, the Agency proposed to strengthen the requirements for companies to use the best available and safest technology. And that is a proposal I understand the industry--I suppose, again, human nature--tends to push back on.    I asked you about this proposal a few weeks ago, and you said you hoped the rules would be completed. And this would be the rules for industry itself to push technology forward, in terms of potential problems as they drill. You hoped the rules would be completed some time this spring. Could you give us an update? Where do things stand with this effort? Are things still on track this spring?    Mrs. Capps. I will give you all the credit that you would like, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Capps. You know, we have already talked about the Deepwater Horizon spill, one of the worst environmental disasters in our history. And it superseded the previously worst spill, which is off the coastline I represent, in 1969, in Santa Barbara, Platform A burst, and devastation was enormous.    I know that it can take, because I live there in that area, and I did at the time, I know it can take decades to fully recover from an oil spill of this magnitude.    The Gulf's famed oyster industry still has not bounced back from the damage caused by the spill. And research shows that other fishery resources may have been impacted in the long term. This includes our red snapper stock, which virtually lost its entire 2010 and 2011 year classes.    Dr. Murawski, what have been the impacts of the spill on Gulf fisheries and fishing communities, including the offshore and near-shore habitats that support them?    Mrs. Capps. We know that the Deepwater Horizon spill caused billions of dollars of damage to the Gulf Coast economy, and that efforts to clean up just the most visible damage from the mess will cost billions more.    We also know that there are ongoing costs in terms of lost fisheries, productivity, diminished coastal resiliency, and human health.    So, another question to you, Dr. Murawski, isn't it true that scientists are still uncovering new impacts of the spill on the Gulf ecosystem that it may be years before we can fully understand the impact, economically, of these many different kinds of costs?    Mrs. Capps. Right.    Mrs. Capps. And, as I conclude my time, Mr. Chairman, even as BP released its 5-year report hailing its efforts to clean up its own mess, others were shining a light on all the damage that remains unrepaired and undiscovered.    I would like to submit for the record a National Wildlife Federation report titled, ``Five Years and Counting.'' This report documents ongoing damage to the Gulf natural resources resulting from the BP spill. Everything from brown pelicans to bluefin tuna to sperm whales has been harmed by this spill. And we, according to this study by the National Wildlife Federation, we are a long way from restoring the Gulf ecosystem.    This is an ongoing problem, and we must continue working on it. I hope we can revisit this topic, and I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Without objection, we will add that to the record, as well.    Mrs. Capps. Great.    The Chairman. I know the Ranking Member has a couple more questions, but let me have a shot at a few of them, here.    Mr. Coatney, if I can start with you, who invented the capping stack technology. Was it the government?