    Mr. Aderholt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Sorry for being a little late. But I am glad I could be here for the hearing this morning. Thank you for being here, and we appreciate your testimony.    I wanted to ask you a little bit about the Delta 5 and Falcon 9. I understand there is talk--there is some discussion about the retiring of the current Atlas 5 rocket and using only the Falcon 9, the Delta medium and the Delta heavy. The current Atlas 5 launches 75 percent or more of our national security payloads and serves the NASA commercial crew program. Meanwhile, Air Force is evaluating a new version of the Falcon 9. It seems prudent to keep the AR1 engine on track for its promised production delivery date of late 2019 by not diluting the funding for it. The Mitchell Commission and other experts, they talk about the re-engine rocket as--discussed about the fact that being unusable. And in recent decades, re-engine rockets performed well.    Even the current Atlas V is re-engined--is a re-engined rocket, and Orbital ATK is re-engineering the Antares rocket with a Russian RD-181. We need to see the first flight and the certificates for the new Falcon 9, the heavy--the Falcon heavy and the upscale BE4 engine and the Vulcan rocket.    The question being are you willing to make it a priority for the EEOV funding to keep that funding there to keep AR1 on track, so that if we need it for the current Atlas V, we will have it ready for the testing in 2020?    Mr. Aderholt. As you--as the Air Force is the answer of access to space, the primary customer of ULA and the major customer of SpaceX, the Air Force has every right to conduct an independent study of the timeline of AR1, BE4, and any proposed SpaceX future certifications such as that of the Falcon heavy, I think it is imperative that you conduct an independent study and review--and your review include all the development of the risk factors known to the industry. And my question to you would be, would you be willing to do that?    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. If you could get back with us on that, I would appreciate it.    Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Aderholt. Yeah, just got one quick question. Of course, as you know, NASA invests a lot of--billions of dollars in hardware development for commercial space crew and cargo and resupply. But the only intellectual property rights that we receive in the NASA commercial program is the right to buy the data rights to those items for the second time if the company goes out of business. Question being, what is the Air Force doing to ensure a better deal than we currently have? And more particularly, what are you doing to ensure that the U.S. Government maintains enough intellectual property production rights, should the service providers fail to perform adequately within respect to be the cost, schedule or future behavior?    Mr. Aderholt. Okay. Well just, you know, I think the bottom line is trying to find a better--to make sure the taxpayers' dollar is protected. And I think that is the bottom line. So if you could follow up with me on that I would be appreciative.