    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    Secretary Jacobson, in your opinion have human rights abuses in Cuba increased since the President announced his change in policy in December?    Ambassador Jacobson. In my opinion they have continued. The number of short term detentions has been fairly high. And I don't know whether there has been an increased number of those detentions over the last 3 months, but it has been high over the last year.    Mr. DeSantis. The Cuban dissidents and people promoting democracy in Cuba, they believe that it has increased. Are you familiar with some of the statements that they have made?    Ambassador Jacobson. I am. There has also been some indication, although not enough to really give us a full set of data that there have been more people engaging in some of the activities of peaceful protest or dissidents.    Mr. DeSantis. I think the fear from the dissidents is that because of this new posture between the United States and the Castro Government, that it provides additional legitimacy that the government actually undercuts their ability to fight for a democratic future for Cuba, and I think a lot of them believe that very passionately. So what is your response to them?    Ambassador Jacobson. Certainly my response to them would be that that is no way the intention nor will we, well, we will speak out every time there are such detentions. We have spoken out. It is our goal to support the Cuban people with this policy including those human rights figures and dissidents. We don't believe that over time this will be something that will result in increased repression against the dissidents, and the human rights dialogue is part of what we are going to be having with the Cuban Government.    Mr. DeSantis. Well, I think if it does fortify the regime which is a fear of many of us, then I think that it will lead to continued repression. I guess part of the frustration, this goes beyond your portfolio, but I think we have seen in other areas, so for example with Iran and the desire to kind of have this rapprochement with Iran and so we don't bring up the terrorism. We don't really want to talk about some of these things.    Ayatollah Khomeini said death to America, indeed, the other day, and that was just viewed by the White House as oh, that is just domestic political, don't worry about that. Well, when Prime Minister Netanyahu said something about the infeasibility of two states given the environment that was viewed as a hanging offense.    And so I just worry that when there is a desire to kind of have some type of an agreement or change direction that that change kind of takes precedent over speaking out for people who are fighting for democracy. I think we made a big mistake in 2009 when we had a chance to support people in Iran. And I know it is tricky because when the United States, as you mentioned they can use that against us, but I do think that that is something that is concerning.    Let me ask you this. With the new change in policy, if somebody travels to Cuba and stays in a hotel that had been a private hotel that had been seized by the government after the Cuban Revolution, are they allowed to use a credit card to stay there and pay for that?    Ambassador Jacobson. To the best of my knowledge, the change in the use of credit cards is under the authorized categories, the 12 categories, and I would have to check on the regulations in terms of Americans using credit cards. Obviously the credit card companies are allowed to operate, but I have to check on the exact restrictions of whether people are allowed to use credit cards on American banks, for example, in Cuba.    Mr. DeSantis. Because I think current statutory law prevents any type of financing arrangements involving property that had been seized.    Ambassador Jacobson. Well, certainly, and that is why I need to check on this----    Mr. DeSantis. Whether a credit card qualifies to finance a stay and----    Ambassador Jacobson. Right, which is Treasury's specifics and OFAC's, but I can certainly check that for you.    Mr. DeSantis. Let me just echo my colleague from Florida about our response in Venezuela. Look, we are going to be the bad guy no matter what with Maduro. That is the game he has played. That is the game that Chavez played. We need to stand up for these people who are fighting repression and we have to be unambiguous about that. We have to have moral clarity. And I would like to see a stronger response. I know my colleague has wanted a stronger response, and I know that we had worked on legislation and by the time that passed I know that we didn't think that that was as good as we needed to be. But I would just say stand with those people. They are fighting the good fight and we need to stand with them.    I notice just in the request that there is a request for $75.5 million for foreign climate change programs. And if you go down, the budget justification for that describes Mexico as a ``global leader'' in combating global climate change, but then it proposes to spend $6 million on helping Mexico fund the enhancing capacity for low emissions development strategies and $6.5 million to support policy for the prevention of deforestation and degradation to address climate change.    But my question is if Mexico is such a global leader, then why would this assistance be necessary? Couldn't that money be spent better doing something else? If a country is doing as well as is said in the justification, then why should the taxpayer have to subsidize it?    Mr. DeSantis. So you think the funding is justified because you have seen positive results in some of the resources that we have provided to them?    Mr. DeSantis. So are these ideas, are they then, once we provide money are they used to where it is a self-sustaining business that no longer requires any subsidies?    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Because we have done some of these subsidies here domestically and there were some big problems with some of those companies.    Well, I appreciate you guys coming to testify, and I yield back to my friend.