    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our witnesses today, Mr. Jaenichen, Lieutenant General Lyons, thanks so much for all of your efforts and appreciate what you do and the challenges that you meet.    Mr. Jaenichen, I wanted to ask you--I am sorry, Mr. DiLisio, too. I'm not forgetting your presence here. I want to thank you, too.    Mr. Jaenichen, I want to ask you, specifically with the Maritime Security Program, as you know, Congress has authorized about $5 million per ship stipend to retain those vessels, to make sure we have them on standby with the necessary capacity. Yet the fiscal year 2017 budget request supports $3.1 million per ship.    If the Congress supports the administration's request, then obviously there is going to be a shortfall there in creating less capacity than what you all project that is needed to make sure we have those ships available.    So tell me what happens if Congress funds the stipend at $3.1 million versus the $5 million per ship.    Mr. Wittman. Do you believe--you pointed out capacity and only 78 ships available in the domestic fleet, 60 of those contracted under MSP.    A couple of questions. With this shortfall, it seems like, to me, we could lose even more of those ships of the 60 that we need. So not only are you in a situation with current need, but even the surge capacity with us going down to 78 ships is now in significant jeopardy.    So give me your perspective on how do we get to the right place in this with requesting fewer dollars per ship, knowing what that creates and those ships moving out of MSP, fewer ships overall available in MSP and only having 60 ships today. It seems like, to me, we have got a train wreck coming.    Give us your perspective on what we need to do to make sure that that doesn't happen.    Mr. Wittman. Let me ask this, too. This isn't only an issue about the number of ships, but it is also an issue of our merchant mariners. If there is not a demand there for the merchant mariners, then our cadre of folks that we need to take these ships to sea, to run them, to make sure we have that capability there, not just the capacity, but the capability in the merchant mariners goes away, too.    Give me your perspective on where this leaves us, too, with the merchant mariners that we need to make sure MSP is successful.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This seems to be a strategic catastrophe in the making.