    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome to our panel. I begin by taking issue with the ranking member's narrative with respect to Iran in comparing it to North Korea. My narrative would be that this administration took up from the neglect and fecklessness of the previous administration with respect to Iran. And, whether you like it or not, the agreement, the nuclear agreement, is working. They are complying.    And if you want to remove an existential threat to Israel, that is the way we did it, and it is--you know, in my view, it has the best probability of working of any solution offered on the table. Maybe one doesn't like that. Maybe one would have preferred a different alternative. But this is the one the United States Government pursued. I am glad they did. And I think in the long run it will be the best alternative for peace in the region and for taking the nuclear option with respect to Iran off the table.    Now, one of the pieces of leverage we had, in addition to sanctions, was choking off Iran's ability to sell the one product it really has, and that is oil. When it comes to North Korea, we don't have an analogous situation other than weapons. I am not quite sure what it is the North Koreans really have to sell that we can choke off.    Would that be a fair statement, Ms. Glaser?    Mr. Connolly. But that is a real big difference between--I mean, to analogize North Korea and Iran, I just think is apples and oranges, because start with the fact that Iran has got oil; North Korea doesn't have anything, other than maybe weapons.    Mr. Connolly. Well, let me ask that question, and I welcome Dr. Cha and Mr. Klingner, but it is a devil's advocate question. I am not promoting it, but is that the best way to try to restrain and shape North Korean behavior, tighten sanctions, tighten economic consequences, because they will have to scream ``uncle'' at some point? Is that really what history tells us about North Korea? Ms. Glaser? And then, the other--both of the other panelists are free to comment as well.    Mr. Connolly. Alone.    Mr. Connolly. Yes.    Mr. Connolly. Dr. Cha? Mr. Klingner?    Mr. Connolly. And not always an effective one.    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Thoughtful. Thank you.    Dr. Cha.    Mr. Connolly. Yes. If the chair would allow me one more question, and I will try to ask Ms. Glaser to be brief. But talk a little bit more about--it seems to me the one sort of inflection point we have got, if we have got leverage on North Korea, it is through China. It is in our relationship with China and their relationship with Pyongyang.    How much leverage do the Chinese really have? Because from a distance it looks like the Chinese are in a conundrum themselves. They have got relationships they don't want to walk away from. They don't want to even unwittingly destabilize the peninsula and have to deal with that mess. I mean, if you gave them truth serum, they would probably love a peaceful reunification organized by the south. But that is so far away, you know, they can't really effectuate that.    So how much leverage do the Chinese have, and how well are we pressuring them to try to effectuate better behavior from the North Koreans?    Mr. Connolly. I thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for your indulgence.