    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you to both the witnesses for being here today.    Just a couple of questions because you pretty much have been running the range today in front of the committee. But first, Mr. Blinken, thank you for being here, again, and thank you for your service.    Your opening remarks were assuring to somebody like me who wants to see the branches as they were constructed work the way they are supposed to and I just want to confirm, if you will bear with me.    I believe it is Article 1 Section 8 says that it is the sole responsibility of Congress to enter into agreements with foreign nations, which would include treaties or agreements such as the one that we have been discussing, and I believe that you confirmed that again this morning that it will be Congress's obligation to finalize, ratify any negotiated agreement.    Mr. Emmer. But that is what is already in place. That part aside, any agreement with the details that the administration is participating in the negotiations in right now it is Congress that not only--I think your words this morning will play a very important role--that was number one, which indicates to me there will be much communication once this framework, if it is reached by the end of this month--once that is reached there will be some significant communication.    Mr. Emmer. And after that, assuming that can you can arrive at the final details by the end of June, then I just want to make sure that I understand your position on behalf of the State Department is that Congress will have to approve or will not any final agreement.    Mr. Emmer. But all you--but all you are going to ask for, based on what you are testifying to this morning, is that Congress lift the sanctions. You are not going to ask for Congressional approval of the final agreement.    Mr. Emmer. So if it is not legally binding then, as Secretary of State Kerry has discussed, what do you actually believe that you are getting out of it then? And let me just add to it because I am trying to be very measured.    It disturbs me greatly to have people talk about giving an organization that is not interested in peace around the globe, that is actually and being an aggressor and trying to roil up problems--we are going to give them all kinds of hard currency. Explain to me how this is a good idea.    Mr. Emmer. Well, I am going to run out of time, with all due respect. I am going to run out of time. So I just--I think that this is the problem that the administration has had and now the administration and Congress are having is this breakdown in an understanding of respective positions in the process, and the idea that this administration is going to get approval from the U.N. Security Council as opposed to coming to Congress is not only disturbing, it is wrong, from my perspective.    Mr. Emmer. Thank you. Mr. Chair, I am going to yield back.    But I just want to make the comment that it is amazing to me that this administration apparently puts Congress and the U.N. on the same level in terms of who they are going to deal with.    Mr. Emmer. Again, I was trying to be measured.