    Mr. Luther. Good morning, Subcommittee Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Chairman Smith. I'll be addressing my comments both from a Duke University perspective but also I serve as the Board Chair for the Council on Governmental Relations, which is an associate of 190 research universities, medical centers, and institutes, and I also co-chair the Federal Demonstration Partnerships Administrative Cost Working Group.    I'd like to start by expressing my gratitude for the Subcommittee's interest in identifying opportunities to more effectively regulate research. Congress has long supported the research enterprise, providing almost $63 billion in research funding for fiscal year 2014 alone. Congress has also expressed concern about the amount of time and funding spent on administrative processes required for federally funded research.    The reports discussed today join several previous reports on this topic. All have come to similar conclusions, number one, that the regulation of research continues to steadily increase; number two, that there is a lack of standardization across agencies; and number three, that federally funded research could be regulated much more efficiently.    Universities are committed to working with federal partners to ensure effective oversight and efficient use of taxpayer funds. This commitment has led to a number of successes including a thoughtful development and rollout of the Uniform Guidance, and we continue to work with OMB to overcome challenges related to procurement and sub-recipient monitoring. Successful engagement has historically been heavily dependent on relationships with individual agency employees. These relationships can be extremely productive, but when the critical staff member departs, so does the productivity of the relationship.    It also frequently is the case that the university perspective is not sought and that regulations do not include material changes recommended. An example is the Common Rule. A COGR-APLU analysis of comments on the proposed changes found that 74 percent of all responses and approximately 96 percent of responses from patients and members of the research community opposed proposed changes to the biospecimens on the grounds that they would be detrimental to research and health. The Academies report suggests that the proposed revisions are marred by omissions, the absence of essential elements, and lack of clarity, and ``could be detrimental to areas of important research.'' The Academies report, the HHS Secretary's Advisory Committee on Human Research Protections, and others have called for the proposed rule to be withdrawn, yet we understand that HHS is still trying to move forward with this final rule.    Compounding the issue of engagement is a significant increase in federal regulations, 5.8 new or substantially changed regulations annually, according to the Academies report. In the last four months alone, three regulations, two significant policies, and a training requirement were issued. These new regulations and policies will cost each university anywhere from several hundred thousand to several million dollars and result in significant increase in administrative and faculty workload. Many associated costs will not be reimbursed as administrative costs long ago exceeded the 26 percent threshold. At Duke, we are approximately $25 million over this threshold annually, largely caused by the proliferation of new regulations.    Regarding other major recommendations including in the National Academies report, COGR and the Association of American Universities have strongly endorsed H.R. 5583, the University Regulatory Streamlining and Harmonization Act of 2016, and S. 2742, Promoting Biomedical Research and Public Health for Patients Act. Both would create the Research Policy Board that is the centerpiece of the Academies recommendation and the former, the appointment of an Administrator for the Academic Research Enterprise for Unified Oversight.    H.R. 5583 proposes that the Research Policy Board be composed of federal and university officials charged with reviewing existing and proposed regulations with the goal of reducing regulatory burden. No mechanism currently exists to serve this function with respect to research enterprise at large or through many examples of non-federal entities serving in a related capacity. Critical discussions with the research community coupled with Congressional and GAO oversight would support mutual accountability and increase the likelihood of achieving thoughtful and effective policy outcomes. This partnership is critical because universities' share of funding for research now constitutes almost 24 percent of total academic R&D.    In summary, COGR and universities like Duke support the findings and recommendations of the Academies and GAO reports and the legislation that would implement them. We can't rely on a handful of strategic relationships to safeguard and ensure the effectiveness of the Nation's $63 billion investment in research, and as stated so appropriately in the Research and Development Efficiency Act, administrative burden is ``eroding funds available to carry out basic scientific research.'' With your support, we can achieve thoughtful, effective regulations that protect the taxpayers' dollars and maximize results.    Thank you for your time and interest, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Mr. Luther. Yes. I think what I'd add to that is, the amount that departments and administrations support the research mission at Duke is significant and growing, probably $150 million, about $25 million of that that we don't recover. It's over the administrative cap.    I think the other key issue, though, is the avoided costs, right? As new policy comes down the pike, do we have to add additional staff, do we have to add additional administration and technology and business processes, because for every one of these regulations, we have to figure out how to support it centrally, how we have to roll it out to the departments, how we train this, and then ultimately can we do this in a way that doesn't further contribute to that 42 percent of the funded faculty members' time. That's what this is all about from any university's perspective is how can we do it in an efficient way so as not to distract the faculty member from doing their research.    Chairwoman Comstock. Exactly. Thank you.    And Dr. Faulkner or Mr. Neumann, if you have any comments on that?    Mr. Luther. Thank you. You know, as I was preparing for this and reviewing the materials, I think to many of us, both at the university level as well as at COGR, the Research Policy Board is kind of the enabler for everything else, right? There's other organizations. There's the research business models. There's the Federal Demonstration Partnership. But the Research Policy Board, the way it's been suggested, is the one group that has all of the appropriate stakeholders at the table to develop it and talk through the implementation, and what we're seeing is, that transparency of the development process as well as input into the implementation process is so critical to the efficiency of it but also to the accountability of it, the accountability going both ways to good policy as well as how can institutions do it in an effective way and meet the goals of that. And I think creation of a board like this that has the same objectives of efficient, quality policy development and implementation is so critical, and as we look specifically at the Common Rule and the biospecimens, I have absolutely no doubt that the NIH has good reasons for the position they're taking right now as they look at this, but again, in the APLU-COGR review, there's 96 percent of the respondents both at universities and research subjects that basically are questioning this and questioning the impact this would have on research.    And so again, I'm sure the NIH has good reason for the position they're taking, but again, if universities and other stakeholders are the table to evaluate this and participate in it, it would be a much more transparent and accountable process.    Mr. Luther. If I can add to that, you know, there is, I think it's a 2013 OSTP requirement that for federal agencies with over $100 million in annual expenditures, there's a public access process, and I think the rollout of that is going to be ripe for something like a Research Policy Board because that regulation requires that for all peer-reviewed publications that all supporting digital data as well as all the metadata be made available. It requires that it's stored for long-term preservation and publicly accessible to search, and it requires--with a goal of maximizing the potential to create the new business opportunities. And I think that's wonderful, right? The Federal Government has funded this research, it's data that can be leveraged to do other wonderful things, but as we look at how we're going to execute on that, one example that we've discussed with a faculty member is that the imaging data related to one mouse is terabytes upon terabytes upon terabytes of data, and that would have to be made publicly available with metadata and supported for future research, wonderful idea, but how we do that and how we execute on that and how it happens and orders of magnitude. We've talked to peers out in the Midwest that do weather research. Well, the quantity of weather research and the data they create or the space program is just orders of magnitude. So the concept is wonderful but the idea behind a Research Policy Board that's where all the players at the table are working towards the same strategic goal and thinking through how to operationalize that is what's so critical because if the regulation just comes out and says do it, it's the faculty member that's going to have to, that's going to know the data. We as administrators are going to try to help but we don't have the tool set, and it will create an immense amount of burden.    Mr. Luther. I was just going to add that I think the GAO report set out, you know, to really look at the university community's concerns and in a sense validated those concerns, and if agencies take action based on our recommendations, we think they can continue to make some progress in this area which, you know, we did identify a couple of areas that really do need further look, you know, in terms of streamlining, standardizing some of these requirements and delaying some and doing things that make more sense based on the risk like, you know, the purchase requirement. So I think that would be really important. I'm glad that you're holding this hearing, and I think having this will ensure that agencies will take action based on our recommendations.    Mr. Luther. Yes. Thank you. I would just like to say I hope you sense the commitment from universities, certainly from our comments as well as, you know, the communications that COGR and AAU and FDP and many of the other organizations have had. It's all about the commitment to support the research and make it better, and we do things internally. In fact, at Duke, we have in essence kind of a research policy board internally that reviews policies. We have a couple of senior leaders that meet every Tuesday morning and have met for about the last ten years to look specifically at research issues, and it's a combination of financial, administration and faculty leadership, and it's there to address those issues, to address the resource needs and so forth.    And then my final comment would be, as I mentioned in my opening statement, there are lots of examples of highly functioning relationships of where we've worked through things, the uniform guidance with NIH, we've had NIH, NSF and DOD. We've had some really positive discussion about the closeout process and subaccounting. But as I mentioned, much of that is very relationship-based. There's a handful of absolutely wonderful people that are just as committed, if not more than we are, to work through this. We would hope that that research board, research policy board, is structured that same way, to have the committed individuals that are accountable that push the objectives of good, effective policy.