    Secretary Carter. Thank you very much----    Secretary Carter. Thank you, Chairman.    Chairman, thank you.    Mr. Visclosky, thank you.    And all of you, thanks for what you said about the troops. That means it all. That is what I wake up for every morning. I am sure that is true of the chairman as well. They are the best of America, and we are very proud to be associated with them, and I am very pleased to hear you say the same things. It is good for them to hear that too. So thank you. Thank you all very much.    And thanks for hosting me today, and in general for your steadfast support to the men and women of the Department of Defense, military and civilian alike, who serve and defend our country all over the world.    I am pleased to be here with Chairman Dunford to discuss President Obama's 2017 defense budget, which marks, as was indicated, a major inflection point for this Department. I am also pleased to be discussing the budget first before this committee, which has been a leader in securing the resources the Department needs.    In this budget, we are taking the long view. We have to, because even as we fight today's fights, we must also be prepared for what might come 10, 20, 30 years down the road.    Last fall's budget deal gave us much needed and much appreciated stability. I want to thank you, all of you, your colleagues, for coming together to pass that agreement.    The Bipartisan Budget Act set the size of our budget, which is why our budget submission and my testimony focused on its shape, changing that shape in fundamental but carefully considered ways to adjust to a new strategic era and seize opportunities for the future.    Let me describe the strategic assessment that drove our budget decisions. First of all, it is evident that America is still today the world's foremost leader, partner, and underwriter of stability and security in every region across the globe, as we have been since the end of World War II. I was in Brussels the week before last meeting with NATO defense ministers, as well as defense ministers of the counter-ISIL military coalition, and I can tell you they all appreciate the leadership from the Department of Defense of America.    As we continue to fulfill this enduring role, it is also evident that we are entering a new strategic era. Today's security environment is dramatically different from the last 25 years, requiring new ways of investing, new ways of operating.    Five evolving strategic challenges--namely Russia, which has already been mentioned, appropriately so, China, North Korea, Iran, and terrorism, five--are now driving DOD's planning and budgeting as reflected in this budget.    I want to focus first on our ongoing fight against terrorism and especially ISIL, which we must and will deal a lasting defeat, most immediately in its parent tumor in Iraq and Syria, but also where it is metastasizing elsewhere in the world. We are doing that in Africa. We are also doing it in Afghanistan, where we continue to stand with the Afghan Government and people to counter Al Qaeda and now ISIL, while at the same time, all the while, we protect our homeland.    As we are accelerating our overall counter-ISIL campaign, we are backing it up with increased funding in 2017 in our request, requesting $7.5 billion, which is 50 percent more than last year.    Just this week, following the progress we have made in Iraq by retaking Ramadi, we have also made operationally significant strides in our campaign to dismantle ISIL in Syria. There, capable and motivated local forces, supported by the U.S. and our global coalition, have reclaimed territory surrounding the eastern Syrian town of Shadadi, which is a critical ISIL base for command and control, logistics, training, and oil revenues.    More importantly, by encircling and taking this town, we are seeking to sever the last major northern artery between Raqqa and Mosul, and ultimately dissect the parent tumor into two parts, one in Iraq and the other in Syria. This is just the most recent example of how we are effectively enabling and partnering with local forces to help deal ISIL a lasting defeat.    Next, two of the other four challenges reflect a recognition of, a return to in some ways, great power competition. One challenge is in Europe, where we are taking a strong and balanced approach to deter Russian aggression. We haven't had to devote a significant portion of our defense investment to this possibility for a quarter century, but now we do.    The other challenge is in the Asia Pacific, where China is rising, which is fine, but behaving aggressively, which is not. There, we are continuing our rebalance in terms of weight of effort to maintain the regional stability we have underwritten for the past 70 years, allowing so many nations to rise and prosper in this, the single most consequential region for America's future.    Meanwhile, two other longstanding challenges pose threats in specific regions. North Korea is one. That is why our forces on the Korean Peninsula remain ready, as they say, to fight tonight.    The other is Iran, because while the nuclear accord is a good deal for preventing Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, we must still deter Iranian aggression and counter Iran's malign influence against our friends and allies in the region, especially Israel, to whom we maintain an unwavering and unbreakable commitment.    DOD must and will address all five of these challenges as part of its mission to defend our country. Doing so requires new investments on our part, new postures in some regions, and also some new and enhanced capabilities. For example, in confronting these five challenges, we know we will have to deal with them across all domains, and not just the usual air, land, and sea, but also particularly the areas of cyber, electronic warfare, and space, where our reliance on technology has given us great strengths and great opportunities, but also led to vulnerabilities that adversaries can seek to exploit.    Key to our approach is being able to deter our most advanced competitors. We must have and be seen to have the ability to ensure that anyone who starts a conflict with us will regret doing so.    To be clear, the U.S. military would fight very differently than we have in Iraq and Afghanistan or in the rest of the world's recent memory. We will and must be prepared for a high end enemy, what we call full spectrum. In our budget, our capabilities, our readiness, and our actions, we must demonstrate to potential foes that if they start a war, we have the capability to win, because a force meant to deter conflict must show that it can dominate a conflict.    In this context, Russia and China are our most stressing competitors, as they have both developed and continue to advance military systems, including anti-access systems, that seek to threaten our advantages in specific areas. We saw it last week in the South China Sea. We see it in Crimea and Syria as well. In some cases, they are developing weapons and ways of war that seek to achieve their objectives rapidly, before they think we can respond.    Now, we don't desire conflict with either country. And while I need to say that they pose some similar challenges militarily, they are very different nations, very different situations, and our preference is to work together with important nations. But we also cannot blind ourselves to their apparent goals and actions. Because of this, DOD has elevated their importance in our planning and our budgeting.    In my written testimony, I have detailed how our budget makes critical investments to help us better address these five evolving challenges. We are strengthening our deterrence posture in Europe by investing $3.4 billion for our European Reassurance Initiative, quadruple what we requested last year. We are prioritizing training and readiness for our ground forces and reinvigorating the readiness and modernization of our fighter aircraft fleet. We are investing in innovative capabilities like swarming 3D-printed micro-drones, the Long Range Strike Bomber, and the arsenal plane, as well as advanced munitions, like the maritime strike Tomahawk, the long range antiship missile, and the newly antiship capable SM-6 missile, in which we are investing nearly $3 billion to maximize production over the next 5 years.    We are emphasizing lethality in our Navy, with new weapons and high end ships, and by extending our commanding lead in undersea warfare, with new investments in unmanned undersea vehicles, for example, more submarines with the versatile Virginia Payload Module that triples their strike capacity from 12 Tomahawks to 40 Tomahawks.    And we are doing more in cyber, electronic warfare, and in space, investing in these three domains a combined total of $34 billion in 2017 to, among other things, help build our Cyber Mission Force, develop next generation electronic jammers, and prepare for the possibility of a conflict that extends into space.    In short, DOD will continue to ensure our dominance in all domains.    As we do this, our budget also seizes opportunities for the future. That is a responsibility I have to my successors, to ensure the military and the Defense Department they inherit is just as strong, just as fine, if not more so, than the one I have the privilege of leading today.    That is why we are making increased investments in science and technology and building new bridges to the amazing American innovative system to stay ahead of future threats. It is why we are also innovating operationally, making our contingency plans and operations more flexible and dynamic in every region.    It is why we are building what I have called the force of the future, because as good as our technology is, it is nothing compared to our people. And in the future, we need to continue to recruit and retain the very best talent from future generations.    That is also why we are opening all combat positions to women, as well as doing more to support military families, to improve retention, and also to expand our access to 100 percent of America's population for our All-Volunteer Force.    And because we owe it to America's taxpayers to spend our defense dollars as wisely and responsibly as possible, we are also pushing for needed reforms across the DOD enterprise, from continuously improving acquisitions, to further reducing overhead, to proposing new changes to the Goldwater-Nichols Act that defines much of our institutional organization.    Let me close on the broader shift reflected in this budget. We in the Defense Department don't have the luxury of just one opponent or the choice between current fights and future fights. We have to do both. That is what this budget is designed to do, and we need your help to succeed.    I thank this committee again for overwhelmingly supporting the Bipartisan Budget Act that set the size of our budget. Our submission focuses on the budget shape. We hope you approve it.    I know some may be looking at the difference between what we proposed last year and what we got in the budget deal, but I want to reiterate that we have mitigated that difference and this budget meets our needs. That budget deal was a good deal. It gave us stability, and for that, we remain grateful.    Doing something to jeopardize that stability would concern me deeply. The greatest risk we face in the Department of Defense is losing that stability this year and having uncertainty and sequester and caps in future years. That is why going forward, the biggest concern to us strategically is Congress averting the return of sequestration next year so we can sustain all these critical investments over time.    We have done this before, if we think back to historic defense investments that made our military more effective, not only technologies like GPS, the Internet, and satellite communications, but also in other areas, like especially the All-Volunteer Force. They were able to yield tremendous benefits because they garnered support across the aisle, across branches of government, and across multiple administrations.    That same support is essential today to address the security challenges we face and to seize the opportunities within our grasp. As long as we work together to do so, I know our national security will be on the right path and America's military will continue to defend our country and help make a better world for generations to come.    Thank you.    Secretary Carter. I know of no such plans. Our plan, in fact, is just the opposite, which if you are talking about the Guantanamo Bay Naval----    Secretary Carter. This is not about--no. GTMO's a strategic location.    Secretary Carter. Yeah. The detention thing is a separate subject. And just to agree with Chairman Rogers, the reason to have a conversation with the Congress about the future of the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay is precisely because there are people there who cannot be safely transferred to the custody of another country. That means they need to stay in detention. And so they have got to go somewhere. And if they are not going to be at Guantanamo Bay, they have to be somewhere in the United States.    The proposal that the President made and that we helped him craft asks Congress, because doing so is forbidden by law now, to work with us to see if we can devise a detention facility in the United States precisely in recognition of the fact that we are not going to be able to let these people out.    Secretary Carter. The Naval station----    Secretary Carter. None.    Secretary Carter. No.    Secretary Carter. No.    Secretary Carter. Absolutely. And I will start out and then ask the Chairman also to elaborate on some of this.    You are right, those are four ingredients of our OCO request. There are others, like the European Reassurance Initiative that I mentioned, which is about Russia.    We very much appreciate your support for OCO, and we understand that--I know the Constitution, which is we propose and you decide on the budget, so every nickel that is in OCO is subject to the visibility and approval of this body, and that is perfectly appropriate, and we are used to that and very comfortable with that. And it is used for a variety of absolutely essential purposes. I will touch on a couple of them.    Force protection is the highest priority that we have, both abroad and at home. Taking care of our people is incredibly important. So it remains a high priority. I will ask the Chairman to say something more about that, because he and I were just talking about that yesterday in some locations. He is also the expert on Afghanistan, having done an absolutely fantastic job of commanding there, but just so he doesn't have to sing his own praises.    Secretary Carter. He really did. He really did. And as a consequence, despite all the interruption of a year, almost a year, eight months in the transition of the Afghan Government from Karzai to the National Unity Government of Ghani and Abdullah, despite the fact that--and I remember that when--when we started to build the Afghan Security Forces, you were dealing with recruits who couldn't read and write.    The Afghan Security Forces' capability is growing. They have many of the capabilities, but not all the capabilities they need. That is why we stick with them. That is why our plan is to stick with them. And that is why in our budget, by the way, we request funding for the Afghan Security Forces for fiscal year 2017. And our plan is to continue to do that in the future. And all of the other NATO and other partners have also committed to doing that, supporting the Afghan Security Forces.    Because the whole strategy, and the one that General Dunford executed so well, was to make the Afghan Security Forces capable of securing the country, stopping terrorism from once again arising on that territory and striking the United States, and also to give us a friend in a dangerous part of the world. And all of that is what we are pursuing in Afghanistan. That is why we want to stick with it.    You mentioned also train and equip----    Secretary Carter. We will provide that.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you. And I share that concern and long have shared that concern because, second only to our people, it is the unparalleled quality of our equipment that makes us the finest fighting force the world has ever known. We have got to keep that going. It does depend upon a healthy industrial base.    And two things, Mr. Visclosky, come to mind. I mean, first of all, the stability that you have provided that I spoke of early is simply having a knowledge of what our budget is going to be two years in a row. That is the kind of thing that allows our program managers to manage programs in a more stable basis so that the levels below the prime contractor, which depends so totally upon those contractors to make all the spare parts and so forth, stay in the game and don't decide they can't work with Defense anymore.    In answer to your question, what is the single sector that I am most concerned about, one is certainly manufacturing. That is one of the reasons why we have started manufacturing institutes, funded manufacturing institutes several places around the country, these are public-private partnerships focused on manufacturing, because it is a problem in our country overall, is making sure that we maintain competitive advantage in manufacturing relative to other parts of the world. But it affects the defense industrial base very directly as well.    And then finally, there are some products that we can't outsource to other countries because we can't fully trust them. And that is the reason behind such investments as the Trusted Foundry and so forth, to make sure that we have control over certain critical components.    So it is a very broad--you know, we have, jeez, almost $200 billion of investment in our industry every year, research, development, and acquisition. It is a very substantial part of the industrial economy and it is important that we manage it well so that the strength of America's manufacturing base stays strong and stays strong for us.    Secretary Carter. I think we have tried to put in our budget--but if I may, I will come back and try to highlight the things that we have done. It is very much on the minds, I know, of our undersecretary for acquisition, technology and logistics, Mr. Kendall. The manufacturing institutes come to mind, changes we have made in payment schedules on contracts. But the main thing is the stability of our overall programs.    But I will come back to you with more specifics, because I think it is an excellent--not an excellent concern, there is no such thing as an excellent concern, but I certainly share your concern.    Secretary Carter. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I agree with your assessment completely. And our assessment has changed over time, not because we have changed our assessment, but because the facts have changed. China is doing exactly as you say. There was a time when the Chinese military was largely a land-based military, it was a military focused on defense of its own territory. Now it clearly has the aspiration to extend its sway in the Pacific.    And the United States policy there is, as it has been for 70 years, to remain the pivotal military power in the Asia Pacific. That is what our rebalance to the Asia Pacific is about, that is why we are making all the investments in high-end Naval warfare, undersea warfare, new kinds of weapons, new aircraft, Joint Strike Fighter, Long Range Strike Bomber, and so forth, in recognition of that.    With respect to the Chinese specifically and the South China Sea, the idea that we have provoked them into that. The reason that these activities are getting notice isn't because the United States is doing something new. We have been sailing in the South China Sea and will continue to sail wherever international law allows, for decades now. We are not doing anything new. The thing that is new is the Chinese--there are some other countries that do some of this, but nothing on the scale of China--exactly as you say, dredging and putting military equipment on.    That is having two effects. It is being reacted to in two ways. First is by us in our investments, and that is why when we talk about this being an inflection point in our budget, that is part of it, looking to the future, including China.    It is also having the effect of causing others in the region both to increase their own maritime defense activities and to align them with the United States, old allies like Japan, South Korea, Australia, the Philippines, and then new partners like Vietnam and India that are working with us increasingly.    So the Chinese behavior is having the effect of self-isolation, and it is also galvanizing others to take action against it. That is a change in the strategic aspect that China presents to the region. We are determined to do what the United States has done for 70 years, which is to keep a peaceful and stable environment.    That is the environment in which the Asian miracle has occurred. It has been because of the counterweight of the United States to what would otherwise be a region that has no NATO, no security structure. We have provided that for 70 years.    Secretary Carter. Well, no. Our treaty obligations to Taiwan are very strong. We are constantly adjusting them. Obviously, the more the threat grows from China, the more we have to adjust both our operational approach and our technical approach. That is one of the reasons why we are making these investments, is because of our commitment under the Taiwan Relations Act to the capabilities to defend Taiwan.    But I think, just to follow what you said, Mr. Chairman, earlier, China's activities have expanded to beyond Taiwan, which has been with us now for several decades, and they are looking to the South China Sea, the East China Sea, and so forth. So it is not just Taiwan anymore, but it certainly includes Taiwan.    Secretary Carter. Well, it is both, because it is definitely intended to intimidate or dominate the neighbors, but it is also partly clearly strategically directed at us, because it is we who have provided the security structure in that region.    Now, you know, I am not one of these people who believes that conflict with China is inevitable. It is certainly not desirable. But it is we who have provided the environment of peace and stability there that has allowed China to develop freely and economically, and before them Japan, before them South Korea, before them Taiwan, before them Southeast Asia, now India and China. It is we who have provided that environment. Some Chinese understand that is actually a good thing. We are not out to keep China down. But we don't look for anybody to dominate the region and certainly not anybody to push the United States out.    We are a Pacific power, we are there to stay. It is where half of humanity lives, half of the world's economy, important part of the American future. We are there to stay.    Secretary Carter. Thank you, Congresswoman.    We can carry out the mission, as we have said, with the budget that we have proposed, which we proposed at the level prescribed by the bipartisan budget agreement. The stability provided by that agreement is very important to us.    And to get to the first part of your question, when we have instability, what happens? Within the Department, we start to do things inefficiently, first of all, we begin to shorten the contract times, and so money is wasted, and we can't plan programs for the long run, there is program instability, which hurts the industrial base.    For our people, it is very bad for morale, both military and civilian. The people say: Hey, what is going on here? There is gridlock in Washington, we don't have a budget, the government is going to close down or sequester.    I don't think it is fair to our people. They look at their families, they are trying to plan their future, and they say: Is this an institution that I can plan a future with? We have an All-Volunteer Force. We have to have good people, and we need them to see a future with us.    And then finally, I worry about what it looks like around the world, our friends and foes alike who say: Jeez, can't you guys get it together here and have a budget for the long run?    So it is very deleterious just to have instability, and that is why I am so grateful to really you on this committee, among others, for coming together this year and putting together a bipartisan budget agreement. That is the basis on which we submitted our budget, and the stability provided to us is incredibly important.    And, Chairman, you may want to add on stability.    General Dunford. The one thing that I would say, Congresswoman, is, you know, as I look at the last several years, we have kind of lived year to year, and I would echo the Secretary's comments.    I am confident that we can meet our obligations today. I am equally confident that the bow wave of procurement that I alluded to in my opening remarks and the modernization that has been deferred over the last few years is a bill to be paid in the future. And as confident as I am about being able to say that we can meet our requirements today, I am equally confident that were we to continue to do what we have been doing over the last few years, there is absolutely no way five or seven years from now we would have the same conversation about China that we just had with Chairman Rogers. It would be a fundamentally different conversation.    So that is where the piece about predictability and stability comes in, is you have to have a very coherent long-term view towards joint capability development. The living year to year, the uncertainty, the budgets that aren't complete, what that causes us to do, one, is be very inefficient with the taxpayers' dollars, because we make bad decisions in that kind of environment.    But more importantly, our focus continues to be on the near term, and we have got to be able to do two things at one time. We have got to meet our current operational requirements, but we have got to do the innovation and investments necessary to maintain our competitive advantage in the future. And achieving that balance requires a much different fiscal environment than the one that we have been operating in now for some three or four years.    But thanks for your question.    Secretary Carter. Thanks for that. I will start with that and then, Chairman, you add.    Our highest priority--to get the first part of your question--our highest priority has to be defending our own networks, because our military networks are what stitches together the ingredients of our military and makes the whole greater than the sum of the parts. So all of our operations of ships, planes, tanks, people, troops, intelligence, and so forth, comes together in the network, and making sure those networks aren't penetrated or compromised is job one. We spend a lot of effort on that.    We also recognize that cyber can be a tool that we can use against our enemies. So, for example, right now--and I can't go into details in this setting but can with you separately--CYBERCOM is operating against ISIL, because these guys, you know, why should they be able to communicate? Why should they be using the Internet? These are people who are not part of the free, open culture that the Internet is supposed--this is evil and the Internet shouldn't be used for that purpose. We can do that under our authorities as part of our campaign against     And the last thing, another priority for us, is we do help. We don't have the lead here, because there is Homeland Security and law enforcement and so forth. But if there are other kinds of attacks on the homeland potentially, we would assist in the defense of our homeland in cyberspace, as we do in everything else.    In terms of our investments, you are right, 133 Cyber Mission Force elements at CYBERCOM. That is just a piece of it, though, because the services all have cyber efforts, they are all tied up with the COCOMs, those cyber efforts are included in our operations plans. And we have an enormous investment in our IT systems, many tens of billions of dollars in our IT system, all of which is being modernized, put in the cloud so it can be better defended.    So there is an enormous investment, and we have increased it in this budget in recognition of the growing importance of cyber and our need, as the Chairman just said, to focus on the future.    Secretary Carter. Well, thank you for that, because I couldn't agree with you more. He is absolutely fantastic, and I rely on him completely and I am grateful for him.    Secretary Carter. Thank you, Congressman. While we are acknowledging people who have done a tremendous amount for our country, I would like to acknowledge you also for your service in this body and to the country and your loyalty to the Department of Defense. Thanks.    You are on one of the subjects that the Chairman and, I think, feel most passionately about, it is a critical part of the force of the future, and that is professional military education or the continuing development of our people. We need to get the best, which is why recruiting is so important, but once we get them, we need to develop them in the course of their career, because the world changes, technology changes, the skills they need change. And in order to retain them, they need to feel continually like they are building their skill set, and that is crucial.    And when you talk to young folks, and I do all the time, and say, ``What does it take to keep you? What would make you leave? What do you talk about when you go home and you sit around the dinner table and try to decide whether you are going to stay or not? What do you talk about?'' and there are lots of things they talk about, and we try to account for all of them, but a big one always is: Well, am I growing?    And one of the things that is part of society today that wasn't so much in the past is companies recognize that, a lot of people recognize that their education didn't end when they were kids. You have to educate yourself your whole life, because you need to keep up, otherwise the world is going to pass you by. That is true everywhere in our economy, you see people trying to do that. But it is critical for our military, both to keep their skills sharp and to make them motivated to stay.    And a concern I have and one of the things we are addressing in this budget, and it is not a lot of money, it is really attention, is this. Every time there is a little shave in the budget or turbulence--I was asked earlier about consequences of turbulence, where you go in and you grab money where you quickly can because all of a sudden you have to grab money, which is a bad way of managing yourself--when we have to do that kind of thing, one of the things you grab is professional military education funding, fellowships and so forth. That is pennywise and pound foolish, and it is an example of the near term killing the far term.    So I think you are absolutely right. I like the word ``software.'' And I will stop at that point and see if the Chairman wants to add anything.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome. We thank you for all you do for our Nation. You are an important part of keeping us safe, and I am proud to know.    Secretary Carter, as you well know, only five of our NATO allies meet their obligations on defense spending, with one of them being Greece, who backed in the wrong way. A strong and stable Europe is, of course, a vital national security interest of ours, but even more importantly, of the European citizens.    With the European Reassurance Initiative funding in fiscal year 2017 quadrupling, what concrete steps are you taking or can we take to force Europe to reassure themselves, and how can we better incentivize European countries to contribute more to their own safety?    Could you take us through the decisionmaking that was involved in deciding to implement a rotational ABCT as opposed to a permanently stationed ABCT? Wouldn't an enduring unit encourage critical strategic partnership with allied nations' armed forces and provide a greater institutional knowledge and mission capability as compared with the rotational force?    Secretary Carter. Thank you, Congressman. And you are right, the Europeans need to do more, in general. And I am now in a long string of Secretaries of Defense who have decried the decline in European defense spending. It is not uniform. There are countries that are increasing their levels. Particularly, I would just single out the United Kingdom as one. And, of course, our allies around the world, like Japan, Australia, and so forth, are all doing more, and so they are getting stronger. But in general, Europe is underinvested.    And our European Reassurance Initiative, our plans there are to work with them to defend them. To do that, we need their participation and assistance and their own capabilities.    ERI puts some equipment there permanently, but you are right, our approach to force, to increased force presence there is rotational presence, persistent rotational presence, rather than permanent presence. And you say, why? And the reason is two-fold. One is that we don't think it is practical for us to get support for increasing more overseas basing in Europe. The pressure on us has been in just the other direction, and we have been doing less in Europe; continuing to have a strong defense of Europe, but have fewer forces positioned in Europe.    We think we can do the mission--we know we can do the mission rotationally in a better way in the following sense, and I will let the Chairman elaborate on this. But I know if you spoke to the Chief of Staff of the Army and the Acting Secretary of the Army about this, this is what they have told me. They actually prefer the persistent rotational presence, because it is better for readiness.    These guys who go over there, and I have met with them, I have visited our guys in Europe, in Grafenwoehr and Estonia and so forth, and they say we are much more ready now as a consequence of our being here, we know the environment, we are at a high state of readiness. So it is good training for them to rotate. Then they go back home.    If they were there all the time and the people back home never got to go to Europe, the readiness for Europe wouldn't be as high. So the Army believes that by rotating different units through Europe, you increase the proficiency and, therefore, the punch of the ERI.    Let me ask the Chairman to elaborate.    General Dunford. Congressman, I view rotational forces as a way to meet an enduring requirement as opposed to seeing them as separate. And I have spent the majority of my career in a service that used the rotational method to meet its requirements. So multiple tours in Okinawa, for example, where we meet the majority of our requirements.    I couldn't agree more with the Secretary of the Army and the Chief of Staff of the Army. My experience is that using a rotational basis to put forces in Europe will actually ensure that they maintain readiness and it will give them a breadth of experience that they might not otherwise have were they just permanently in Europe.    So I think, frankly, it is a good way to meet our requirements. And, again, I don't view it as either enduring or rotational. I view rotational forces as a way to meet an enduring commitment.    Mr. Carter. Well, for a moment expanding on the European participation, how effective is European participation if their rules of engagement are strictly defensive, which is what we have experienced in some of the theaters when they participate? And you say you are still challenging them, but in reality, we have got to have people that fight.    General Dunford. Congressman, I had the privilege of commanding, you know, all the NATO nations in the ISAF mission. We had 50 members of the coalition. And I will tell you, there are some exceptions. But that issue of caveats in rules of engagement, we overcame that in Afghanistan probably back in 2011 and 2012. And we have some incredibly effective partners, and over time, they were able to accomplish the mission and operate within the same ROE that we do, and my expectation is that they will do that in the future.    There are certainly alongside of us today, we don't have NATO in Iraq, for example, in Syria, but we have NATO nations there, and almost anywhere we are, we have either members of the NATO alliance or NATO itself. And I, frankly, think that we can work through those things, and we have in the past. It is a political issue, but once there is commitment and will to the mission, the forces are more than capable enough to be shoulder to shoulder with us and make an invaluable contribution, and I believe that as a commander.    Secretary Carter. Thank you, Congressman.    With respect to CYBERCOM, yes, we have considered and continue to consider various ways of improving our managerial approach and our command approach for cyber. CYBERCOM is a very effective organization. It is a growing organization, so we are going to have to see where it goes. And as you know, it is now a subunified command to STRATCOM. That is an arrangement that works now, but it is not necessarily optimal, which is why we are looking at it.    We do have a reluctance about adding new headquarters staff, because one of the things that we are doing in this budget is cutting headquarters staff, and so we need to be careful about that. But whichever way that turns out, the command structure, CYBERCOM has an important future.    And you mentioned NSA. It is important to me that CYBERCOM and NSA are in the same place, and the reason is very simple.    Secretary Carter. Skilled cyber people, and this gets back to some of the earlier questions, they are hard to find. Cyber is partly a money issue for us, but it is not really a money issue, it is a people issue, and finding good people is critical. Having NSA next to CYBERCOM means that they can interchange talent and draw on one another. That is a huge strength for both of them.    So the fact that Admiral Rogers wears both hats, Director of NSA and CYBERCOM, that is a critical advantage right now. There may come a time when we have enough people that we can do something different, but for now, I would not recommend that separation. But it is people, that is the long pull.    Secretary Carter. I will start first, then the Chairman.    The reason why we are quadrupling the ERI is precisely for the reason you say: to signal the determination of the United States and NATO to defend NATO territory. We do that with activity sets, which are these equipment sets that move around, we do it with rotational presence, we do it with the permanent presence that we have there in Europe, we do it with exercises and so forth.    And Russia should know that what they see there in Europe on a daily basis isn't what we would use to defend Europe. They would get the whole weight of the American military behind the defense of Europe. And we have plans to do that, that is what I was alluding to earlier, for the defense of our NATO territory in concert with them, and we would do it with the full weight of the United States, as has always been the case in the defense of Europe.    It is going to be a different kind of thing than it was back in the days of the Fulda Gap. And I emphasize that. We call it the new playbook, because it is not just territorial, it is little green men, what we call hybrid warfare. I am sure you heard about that in your travels. It is the other kinds of things, the kinds of things you saw in Crimea and Ukraine.    So it is a different kind of threat, but it is exactly what we have to plan for in order to show strength, but most importantly be strong in defense of our NATO allies.    Secretary Carter. It is a decision based on long-term security, and I will explain the decision. Let me just say something. The Littoral Combat Ship is a successful program, it is an excellent ship, and it will be much better than the mine-countermeasure ships, the coastal patrol craft, and so forth, that it replaces. And these are critical capabilities.    And in general in shipbuilding, this budget makes a huge investment in shipbuilding, new DDGs, new Virginia-class submarines, aircraft carriers, overhaul and maintenance of aircraft carriers, amphibious ships, the first Ohio-class replacement submarines. So there is an enormous amount in--oh, I should add also the added Virginia Payload Modules for the submarine program. So there is a lot that goes into shipbuilding.    And our ships, the number of ships of the U.S. Navy is actually increasing. It is going to go to 308 from about 280 today. So we are going to have a bigger Navy, not a smaller Navy. That is our plan and that is in the budget in front of you, a Navy that gets larger.    But to the question of the Littoral Combat Ship, the Navy's warfighting analysis concluded 40 of them were enough, and, yes, we did want to apply resources elsewhere, to the lethality of our ships. That is critically important, that we not only have enough ships and more ships, which we are going to have, but that they are the very best.    That is why we are investing in combat systems, that is why we are investing in all the new missiles and weapons that I talked about. We have a new lightweight torpedo, a new heavyweight torpedo program, various antiship missiles, including the new capability for the SM-6 missile, surface-to-air missiles, all the stuff that makes our Navy the most lethal, in the face of China, Russia, Iran, others who are trying to have that capability.    So there is some balancing that needs to be done between high-end and very important lower-end ships, like the Littoral Combat Ship. There is nothing wrong with--I just want to be clear--there is nothing wrong with the Littoral Combat Ship. We like it. Our plan is not to buy 52, but to buy 40. But that doesn't mean there is anything wrong with the program. It has been very successful and it is needed in those numbers.    Secretary Carter. Congresswoman, before the Chairman answers your question, I really need to say something, and the question is a fair question. I want to say something about the framing of it that I believe in very strongly, however.    Secretary Carter. Which is, this is an election year. We will have a new President. I recognize that. I feel very strongly that our Department needs to stand apart from the electoral season. So I respectfully decline to answer any questions that arise from the political debate going on. I just don't think that is appropriate. And I want General Dunford especially, even more so than me, not to be involved in political debates.    So I think if you address the general question of how we try to conduct ourselves as a military in the air in Syria--you were a commander in Afghanistan--that is fine, but with great respect, I just want to----    Secretary Carter. I can. I will describe the acquisition strategy.    First of all, you are absolutely right, and the Air Force does have a continuing requirement for a Ground Moving Target Indicator, GMTI, radars of the kind JSTARS is. JSTARS is a fleet of sixteen 707-based aircraft now. They have been around for a long time. They have to be recapitalized, because we need that capability.    And you don't need as big physically a radar anymore. Radars have gotten smaller. We flew a bunch of them, and General Dunford's forces flew them in Afghanistan, and we have flown them elsewhere.    And so the Air Force is committed and our budget does lay in the funds for a JSTARS recap. They have not chosen--they want to do a competitive source selection for that, both for the radar and the integration with the airframe. So they haven't picked a winner of that yet. They have announced that competition for a JSTARS replacement and put in money, I think it is somewhere between $2 and $3 billion in this five-year defense plan to begin the recapitalization.    So that is the acquisition strategy. We can get you more detail on that. But I think the thing I can say as Secretary of Defense is we are committed to that capability. We have to recapitalize the JSTARS, because as you note, it is an airframe now that is decades old and we just can't keep flying it. We need the capability.    Secretary Carter. Thank you very much, Congresswoman. And I will start on the Russian propaganda thing.    It is related to hybrid warfare. Russia has bought media in the West, no question about it, you can turn it on in your own living room, and sometimes that contains what I have called the big lie. Our principal response to that as a country and as the West is the truth, but we have to watch the effect of that, and the State Department does that, the intelligence community does that, and others.    But for our part, you asked us, it is related to hybrid warfare. And earlier we were discussing the European Reassurance Initiative and its parts, and we were talking about territorial defense, which is important. But another critical part of the ERI is hardening the states of Europe to essentially subversion, which is hybrid warfare shades into subversion, hardening them by helping them to defend themselves from cyber manipulation and from other kinds of insidious influences that we saw precede the Russian actions in Crimea and Ukraine.    So we are trying to learn from that. That is exactly what hybrid warfare means. That is why hybrid warfare is part of the new playbook, as I call it, for NATO. It is not like your NATO was long ago, in the Fulda Gap, which was a more conventional kind of conflict. We have to expect a more unconventional kind of conflict, and that is exactly what the Chairman and I and General Breedlove think about and plan for when it comes to Europe.    I will stop there except just, one, if I may, put in a plug for the State Partnership Program with you. We get huge value out of these State Partnership Programs.    Secretary Carter. And we fund them. And their people are very enthusiastic. The countries tell me all the time how much they love the State that is their partner. It is a great way of tying America to others and complementing what the Defense Department does institutionally. They are great programs and I appreciate you support for them.    Secretary Carter. I will be very brief, and we will get back to you on the Healthy Base Initiative.    Secretary Carter. We do spend $50 billion a year on health care, so it is a big part of our budget. Obviously, like everywhere else in the economy, we want to not see that grow too quickly, and one of the ways you do that is to keep people healthy, and one of the ways you keep people healthy is to teach them what is healthier. So that is an important initiative.    I also want to thank you for the--the manufacturing institutes are a tremendous success. These are public-private partnerships, they are kind of model ways of doing things, and they are very critical to keeping manufacturing and high-skilled jobs, but more importantly, industry supporting defense, from our point of view, in the United States.    I will say this about Zika, and I will get back to you on the C-130J.    Secretary Carter. I am not aware that it in any way the spraying program is at risk as a consequence of the overall buy. We have several hundred C-130Js and we adjust the buy accordingly.    With respect to Zika, we have not been assigned a role yet in that. There are funds that Congress has made available to the Department of Health and Human Services for combating Zika and they are doing various things. We stand ready to help them with research, with spraying, whatever they end up asking for. So we are kind of on tiptoes if we are asked to do things. We have not been asked to do things yet, but, obviously, we will play a role if we are asked to play a role.    Chairman.    General Dunford. Dealing with the onset of the Zika virus is our focus, obviously, has been on preventative medicine and protection of the force, and our commanders have all identified individuals, for example, that are at high risk, pregnant women in South America and those kinds of things, and afforded them the opportunity to leave the area where they are at risk for the Zika virus.    So right now what we are doing is just making sure that our force, wherever they are deployed, particularly in those areas where the Zika virus is present, are taking all the measures to make sure we have a healthy force. And I would say the things that we do, Congressman, you know, our medical professionals are very experienced and very good in preventative health. In the areas, something like this, they are very good at making sure that we are proactive in keeping the force healthy and ready.    Secretary Carter. I will start and then ask the Chairman to do the same.    You are right. We are trying to give priority in this budget both to restoring readiness, particularly full spectrum readiness, and to modernization. We have to balance those two, no question about it. We are trying to find the money for those two priorities elsewhere in the budget. And that is why, as I said, the shape of our budget is so different this year in how we are trying to turn a strategic corner.    With respect to readiness, each of the services is somewhat different, but they are all trying to get back to full spectrum readiness. We are funding their return to full spectrum readiness.    The stability you gave us with the Bipartisan Budget Act is absolutely critical. Without that, we can't be on that trajectory to full spectrum readiness. So the stability is very important.    And you began your question by talking about everything that goes into stability. We are only the Department of Defense. We are part of the discretionary budget. We understand you all have to deal with all the parts of the Federal budget. But we can't just keep focusing all our energy on the discretionary part of the budget, as has been the case, and that is why I am so glad that the budget agreement was reached and gave us some stability.    But readiness is a big priority for us. I could go through each of the services, but I don't have time.    Let me ask the Chairman to comment in general on readiness.    General Dunford. Two quick comments, Congressman. Thanks for the question.    You know, I think, as you know, with readiness, we can't actually buy our way out of the problem that we have right now. There are a couple of things that impact. We certainly need resources, and we have asked for those. There is a factor of time. It is going to take time. The operational tempo that we are experiencing right now has an effect on readiness.    And then some of the impact of the last few years with regard to the industrial base and the maintenance backlog that has resulted, there is a physics issue in terms of getting all the equipment fixed that need to be fixed. And then, of course, the modernization that has been deferred also impacts readiness, because some of the equipment buys that we would have done two, three, or four years ago now are out now three, four years from now.    But what I would say I try to do in making recommendations to the Secretary for this budget is you look at readiness and you look at force structure and you look at modernization and then you look at the foundational elements of infrastructure and so forth.    My perspective was that given the resources that we have, we have got to try to achieve some balance among those four areas and posture ourselves for the next five or seven years. And so you are right. What you don't want to do is make decisions always for the near term that actually mortgage the future.    I think in 2017 what we really tried to do, and that is highlighted by the capability areas that we have emphasized, is we have lived year to year, and I know this from the previous life as a service chief, we have just tried to get through the fiscal year, and we have delayed some of those decisions three to five years.    I think we reached a point this year where we recognized in some very critical capability areas we could no longer wait before we started to make those investments. And so what we tried to do is achieve the best balance we could in those four areas I mentioned so that we were making some investment in the future even while being attentive.    And I will tell you, job number one has been for the Secretary and I, making sure that the young men and women that we are deploying today have the wherewithal to accomplish the mission with minimal loss of life or equipment. I mean, we have focused on that. But given that, we did make some other decisions that would allow us to balance near-term readiness with long-term modernization and, of course, readiness, and I describe that as health of the force today and wellness. The investments you make today are really about wellness and health of the force tomorrow.    So tough decisions had to be made. And, again, I think what I would say is we came out of fiscal year 2017 balancing the resources we had the best way we could. But you have identified something that actually is my number one concern.    My number one concern is less what we are doing in fiscal year 2017 or where we are today. My number one concern is where will we be 5 to 7 years from now if we don't change the trajectory that we are on right now, where will we be 5 to 7 years from now if we don't start making the investments that will allow us to all have the same conversation we have had here this morning where we can say, Russia is a challenge, sure it is, North Korea, Iran, China, all challenges.    But make no mistake about it, we have a competitive advantage and we can dominate those countries today. I am not sure we can say that in 2022 if we maintain the same path we are on today, and I think that is what we are all most concerned about.    Secretary Carter. Sure. We can. And I would, obviously, go into it in greater detail with you privately in another setting. But I will start.    And why don't I do Syria and you can do Iraq or whatever.    In terms of the Russians in Syria, we have a memorandum of understanding with them that is--and the word is accurate and precise--to deconflict our war on ISIL from what the Russians are doing, which, unfortunately, is something quite different, which is supporting Assad in the civil war, which is not what they said they were going to do.    And so they are off on a whole wrong trajectory of fueling the civil war in Syria. That is a somewhat separate subject. And we don't agree with them in that, and we can't align ourselves with their strategy in that way. And our deconfliction doesn't mean we are aligning ourselves with the Russians, it just means that we are working with them so that we don't inadvertently run into each other in the air or on the ground.    They are, I have to say, abiding by that memorandum of understanding. It is very professional, it is military to military at a very operational, professional level, not the Chairman and me. And the Russians conduct themselves in accordance with that agreement and, therefore, don't impede our campaign against ISIL.    At the same time, I just have to repeat, we don't otherwise associate ourselves with what the Russians are doing in Syria, because it is totally wrongheaded.    Secretary Carter. The reality there is that this is money that we need to spend on a requirement that has quickly come upon us, therefore, it is appropriate that it be in OCO. There are other things that we are doing about the Russians and the kind of threat represented by the Russians that are in the base and are part of our enduring investment.    So there is a mix here. And I think that if the question is are we going to be doing more about the general kind of threat represented by Russia and China in the base budget in the future, you see that in fiscal year 2017 already, and I think you will see it in the outyears, assuming that what the Chairman said is our biggest risk here, strategic risk, which is a collapse of budget agreement and a reversion to the Budget Control Act, which is what he was referring to early. That is the biggest risk to everything we are trying to do, ERI and everything else.    Secretary Carter. We have made proposals and the Department continues to ask for your support, and we haven't always gotten the support, not necessarily of this committee, but of Congress for what we regard as reasonable steps to make our provision of health care more efficient and to cap the rise in the growth of healthcare costs.    We try to do that in a way that doesn't compromise the quality of care, doesn't restrict the number of people receiving care. But I will give you some examples of that and then perhaps the Chairman would want to comment on it as well.    Medical treatment facilities, using them more efficiently. The issue of copays I know has come up in past years, and that is really--these are very small copays we ask for, and their basic purpose is to make people ask themselves: Do I really need to go to an emergency room for this or could I take a different route? If they need to go to an emergency room, we want them to go. This is just a little signal in that regard.    And we try to allocate these efforts across the population so that we protect the parts of our military family, Active Duty and retired, who have the greatest needs and have the fewest alternatives.    So we try to do it as carefully as we can. We know it is difficult. We know that we have not received 100 percent support. We are grateful for the support we have gotten from this committee and others. But it is tough. It is tough on us. We understand it is tough on the Congress as well.    With respect to retirement, we do have, thanks to our partnership with Congress, an approach to retirement for new members, a blended retirement system. I think that is a good thing. I think it will be good for the All-Volunteer Force.    Going forward, just to remind you, for members of the service who are already in, they don't have to go to that blended retirement if they don't want to. Nobody is changing the deal for people who are already in the military. This is a program that will be available to folks in the future.    That is a few things about health care. Perhaps the Chairman would like to add some additional thoughts.    General Dunford. Congressman, maybe just to put it in perspective from where I sit. Sometimes we look at health care and compensation as separate from training and equipping. To me, it is all about taking care of people, it is all about our number one responsibility, which is to bring our young people home alive and give them the wherewithal to accomplish the mission, and then keeping faith with them. So there is a balance.    I can just share with you why we are so focused on these areas now. As a service chief in the Marine Corps, they have a little bit different dynamic. I think in the Department as a whole, we spend some 55 percent, close to 60 percent if we keep going on people. In the Marine Corps, we spend close to 70 percent on people. And health care, I think, has gone from 4 percent of the budget to some 9 percent of the budget, if I am not mistaken.    So as I started to, as a service chief, look at the trajectory of the cost of people, I realized that, look, there is absolutely no way that I can make sure these folks are properly trained and equipped as well as paid, compensated. And so I think there is a balance that has to be achieved.    And so I think these initiatives are, in fact, designed, number one, to provide better programs to recruit and retain high quality people, but also to start to control the costs and still be able to take care of people.    When I explain this to families, they actually get it. When I talk to spouses even, I say: Look, here is the reason why we tried to control the cost of personnel over the last couple years. We used to spend--and this was, again, a service perspective--we used to spend 12 percent on modernization. Now I am down close to 8 percent on modernization.    At the end of the day, you may be well paid, you may live in a good house, you may have good medical care, but we may not have the wherewithal to provide you with the best training and equipment. And the spouses uniformly look at me and say: Hey, you better not compromise on the equipment and the training you provide to my loved one.    So to me, this is a question--I look at compensation holistically. It is just not those two things you mentioned, but it is the entire package that ensures we have the most well-trained, the most well-equipped, and the most well-incentivized force that we can possibly have.    And so I appreciate the latitude that we have had to try to make some of these decisions, because the desired end state, I think, we all share. We share high-quality people that are recruited and retained, frankly, in the right skill sets and so forth, and we also share the end state of making sure that when we ask them to do something, we give them the wherewithal to properly do it.    Secretary Carter. And I thank you for thanking Under Secretary McCord. He is terrific, and we very much benefit, and I am delighted to hear that he works so well with you.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to welcome both of our guests. I think you are both exceptional people, and it is an honor to work with you.    General Welsh, as you know, the Army--and you know I am at Fort Hood, I have got the Army all over me--is transitioning from 15 years of counterinsurgency to decisive action operations.    How does this budget reflect the Air Force's role in supporting this strategic transition, ensuring we capitalize on the relationship built between the Air Force and the ground forces over the last 15 years? Can you speak to your service's current support of the ERI at combined training centers and the European training exercises?    General Welsh. Yes, sir. I would be happy to.    A couple of things. Number one, worldwide, not just in Europe, we have been working very closely with the Army for a long time now. Remember, air-land battle actually started back in the mid-1980s. We have come a long, long way since that point in time, and we have airmen embedded with Army units all over the world now. They live with them, they train with them, they fight with them, and they die with them occasionally.    So this is something we cannot lose the lessons from, not just of the 15 years but of the last 30 or 35. We are working this very, very hard. We have established a program office, for example, to make sure those guys keep up with the technology that the rest of our battlefield airmen and special operations community are using and bring that to the relationship with the United States Army.    We are reenergizing the effort to support the Army rotations at the National Training Center and at Fort Polk with our Green Flag exercises. We are in Europe, all the things that are going on with European Reassurance Initiative (ERI). We have Air Force units that are rotating heel-to-toe, just as the Army and the Marine Corps have ground units rotating heel-to-toe. The Air Force Joint Terminal Attack Controller (JTACs) are training North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) JTACs side-by-side with Army maneuver units.    We are committed to doing this together. Mark Milley and I are kind of bonded at the hip on this one. We can't lose this relationship.    Mr. Carter. And you think it is better than to permanently station over there to have the heel-to-toe deployment? Is that a better plan? I have asked the same thing of the Army.    General Welsh. Oh, I think it depends on how you look at it, sir. You know, the Army has done about what the Air Force has done, which since, you know, 1980 or so, we have pulled 75 percent of our force structure out of Europe. Replacing it permanently back into Europe would be immensely expensive and would pose a set of challenges you might not get past.    The next best thing is rotational presence, making sure we stay connected to our allies, making sure we are assuring and reassuming them, and making sure that we are training together in an environment that it is important to know how to fight in just in case we ever had to.    Mr. Carter. Do I still have time?    Mr. Carter. Oh, thank you.    Mr. Carter. No, that is fine.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Cyber plays a critical role in all aspects of national security. As the main service component for cyber funding, your budget reflects shortfalls in cyber networks and the defense information systems network. In recent months, it has become evident that both China and Russia have shown the willingness to use their offensive cyber capabilities.    Secretary James, we all understand the services are taking risks due to the current budgetary environment. But how can we justify taking risk to the area that affects every aspect of our national defense?    Mr. Carter. So you can sleep well at night on the--under that theory?    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Welsh. Sir, if I could add one thing. The boss mentioned $4 billion in 2017. We have $20 billion across the FYDP going into this pot. And we have also started a task force called Task Force Cyber Secure under the boss' direction run by her Chief Information Officer (CIO). And the intent of that task force is to identify the right places to target spending before we spend more. And so I think we are actually in a pretty good place on this. We have a lot of resources going into it. And we are trying not to throw money at the wrong thing before we know exactly what the right thing is.    Mr. Carter. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Carter. Yeah, of course, a great place.    Mr. Secretary, General, thank you for being here. I apologize for being late. I am the chair of the subcommittee on the defense of this Nation at our borders, and I had a hearing with the Coast Guard that I had to at least get kicked off so I could come see you. And, of course, everything centers around Fort Hood as far as I am concerned.    General Milley.    General Milley. As the former commander of Fort Hood, yes, sir.    Mr. Carter. You have been there. With the announcement of a rotational ABCT deployment to Europe, we will now have three out of the nine Active Armored Brigade Combat Teams deployed around the world at any given time. If we engage with three, reset three, and build readiness in three as the next rotational set, what options are available to the Nation for future contingencies? What challenges and risks should the Army have suddenly if they are asked to do something? I mean, everybody is either going to be training, resetting, or deployed. When we have got places like Eastern Europe and the Korean Peninsula, which are bubbling all the time, what is the concept that keeps that working?    General Milley. Thank you, Congressman. You know, we have got nine Armored Brigade Combat Teams in the regular Army. And there is five more in the National Guard. So one of my initiatives that we are working on is, again, operationalizing the National Guard. That is a very important initiative. We have got to get that going. We have got to bring the Guard into resourcing of these various rotations. And, of course, the Guard wants to do that. So it is a function of money, and so on and so forth.    So we are going to do that, so the Guard is one of the options to do that. Secondly, you know, if a contingency were to kick off, you know, one of these other contingencies that were significant, I mean, the President, SecDef would have to be making some significant decisions as to the strategic tradeoffs. So and I am very confident we would do that as a Nation. We would say: Okay, you are not going to do that mission; you are going to do this mission. So you are going to have to make those choices. And another thing we are taking a look at, Congressman, is I have got a study ongoing through TRADOC to determine whether or not we need to add, convert one of our existing brigades to an armored brigade or perhaps hybrid brigade as we go into the future. That study is not in yet. I don't expect it in for a few months.    But there may be a need for additional armored forces, given the nature of the world and the direction the world seems to be going right now. So we are taking a look at that. No decision has been made. That probably wouldn't--that definitely wouldn't be a PB17. That would be something in the POM 2018 or 2019 that we would have to take a look at it. But I am concerned about the OPTEMPO of the armored forces. They are in high demand.    Mr. Carter. And in this last round of cuts that came out, we had, because we are the home of the armor, we were told that we are not reducing the number of BCTs you have got, but they did come in and take one infantry company out of each BCT.    General Milley. Right.    Mr. Carter. Now, and that is in the regular Army. I assume the same adjustment is made in the Guard or not?    General Milley. No, we did--correct, not the Guard. We did that in order to rebalance all of the brigades throughout the Army. That wasn't targeted at one installation or another. That is to take those companies out in order to maintain Brigade Combat Team and battalion force structure.    Mr. Carter. Well, the reduction of that infantry company, is that in light of our just prior conversation of only nine armored----    General Milley. Yeah.    Mr. Carter . Does that also put any kind of limitation on us to be able to respond to an incident somewhere in one of the hotspots as you just described? It looks like to me there are less soldiers there.    General Milley. So, on a given--I mean, we had to cut to get the numbers down. And that is where we decided to cut, was to take out those companies out of those battalions and out of those brigades. So what it does is, it is reducing the size and capability, the capability of a given unit, battalion or brigade by a single company out of the 12 that they have in the brigade.    Mr. Carter. It is also reducing the lethality also. They are less lethal. Right?    General Milley. It reduces lethality. It reduces survivability.    Mr. Carter. And I bring all of this up not in any form of criticism.    General Milley. Sure.    Mr. Carter. But as an example of pointing out what you are having to deal with----    General Milley. Right.    Mr. Carter . In looking at our ability to fight the enemies of our Nation--    General Milley. Right.    Mr. Carter. . Within the constraints of what we are having to deal with in this committee.    General Milley. Right.    Mr. Carter. And I can say without reservation on both sides of the aisle: we are concerned very much about what is happening to the Army because, in reality, you don't have any big toys to put in the mix. You have got people.    General Milley. Right.    Mr. Carter. And the less people, the less lethal you are. I am hoping we are going to figure out a way to grow the Army. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Kadavy, as you know, the established regional training institutes, those are critical to the Army's total force policy and overall readiness for the Guard and Reserve. A major shortcoming in this initiative is the inadequate sustainment, restoration, and modernization funding.    Can you please describe the importance of the regional training institutes, what the RTIs do specifically to increase National Guard readiness? And will you be supporting those States that are establishing these important institutions with additional SRM and operations and maintenance funding to ensure their success?    General Kadavy. Congressman, thank you for the question.    Regional training institutes, sir, are key institutional schoolhouses for us. So they do professional military education, primarily for noncommissioned officers, but they also do officer candidate school and warrant officer candidate school, as well as reclassification. So when a soldier moves from one community to another and can no longer be an infantryman but now is going to be an armor soldier, they do reclassification there as well.    FSRM is key to us. We prioritize it to the best of our ability to achieve those, but it is a critical funding issue for us. We will have to continue to work on it. The priorities always go to the readiness centers. But we do put quite a bit of resources--and we will get you that full number--into our RTIs, Congressman.    Mr. Carter. I know the Guard in Texas is trying to set one of them on Fort Hood, on North Fort Hood. Got some space disputes going on right now, but we are working on it.    General Kadavy. Yes, Congressman. So that would be an extension to their RTI, the regional training institute, down around Austin at Camp Mabry.    Mr. Carter. Mabry, yes.    General Kadavy. And what they are looking at is some facilities to do some additional combat arms training at Hood for the infantrymen, field artillerymen, and scout advanced training.    I am aware that we are working an issue, along with the Texas Army National Guard, to get some license so we can have some predictability in facilities there at North Fort Hood so that we could train on them. We don't have it yet. That is an impact from the predictability, as it is related to the course instructors and the planners that want to know when they can hold courses and et cetera.    But, almost always, our longest, most limiting factor in accomplishing that mission is the pay and allowances related to our school dollars on a yearly basis.    Mr. Carter. Well, we are certainly working to try to get that issue resolved, and we are hopeful.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carter. This may be just me speculating, but on this multicomponent pilot program, getting back to that one more time, it takes--it has been told me, at least--it takes 90 to 100 days to stand up a unit, training days to stand up a unit to be deployed, something like that. This would probably increase more training days on top of those training days that in many instances you are being called upon to do.    Do we have the funds to do the additional training that this might call upon us to do? And what does it do to the citizen soldier concept of the guy back home or gal back home that has got a job? As we shift them to that, is that going to put more of a burden upon their employment situation back home or is it worked out and not a problem? I just don't know the answer.    General Grass. Congressman, if I could start. As I do my townhalls, I ask the question: Are we using the Guard too much? Just got a report out from a survey that was done by our company grades Army and Air. Ninety-two percent said it is either about right or they would like to deploy more. The younger ones that haven't deployed are looking for a deployment.    So from that perspective there are men and women in the Guard, and I am sure Jeff would tell you in the Reserve as well, that want to deploy. The associations will probably give us more opportunities. But we cannot break our model of 39 days a year as far as the baseline. And I hear that from the townhalls. The men and women that serve are concerned if we say the number is greater than what it has been in the past, a weekend a month, 2 weeks in the summer, that their employers and their families would get concerned if we made that statement.    But what we find is there is probably well over 80 percent of the Guard that is doing more than that time right now. But they know that they are working for a National Training Center rotation or they are going down to an external combat training center rotation for the following. They know they have to hit concern gates in training. And they are willing to do that all day long.    We have a unit that just is getting ready to deploy with the 101st Airborne through a training association. They know they had to put in extra days to get ready to go. So as long as they know their mission, they know that this is going to make them more ready, and the family and employers seem to be very comfortable with that.    Mr. Carter. Because we don't want to lose these good people. We want to keep them.    And this is a completely off-the-wall question, but this morning in Belgium when this disaster hit, they announced that the Army immediately sealed the borders. I guess the Guard's job would be to seal the borders if we had to do that. Just the question: Is that right? And is there some plan if our government said major terrorist attack, either seal the State borders or seal national borders, the Guard would go do that?    General Grass. Congressman, we could. Again, that would be up to each State individually. But there was an operation called Winter Freeze right after 9/11, shortly after 9/11, and we put Guardsmen in a Federal status in support of Customs and Border Protection at the time, and they were in a Federal status, though, when they went to the border. But in most cases, as we went into the airports after 9/11, those were Federal dollars paying for men and women who worked for the governor and the adjutant general.    Mr. Carter. Okay. That is what I assumed.