    Mr. Carroll. Thank you, Chairman Meadows. It's an honor to be here with you today and share some insights from Florida.    The SNAP eligibility process has changed significantly over the past 20 years. Today, Florida is a leader in the modernization of our social services system. Virtually every State in the Nation has come to Florida to study our model. Today, we receive 93 percent of our applications online. Eligibility staff was reduced from 7,000 to 4,000. Cost-per-eligibility transaction dropped from $30 per application to $7, all while maintaining accuracy rates at or above 99 percent. All of these are at benchmark levels on a national level. Our experience is testament to how government can run an operation that is cost-effective, efficient, and optimizes access to services in a simplified way for customers.    We do have a new fight on our hands, however, and it's identity theft and EBT trafficking. Our challenge now is to balance the need to continue being efficient with the need to maintain the integrity of this program going forward, and I am not talking about the individual who may fudge their income or their household composition. We're talking about major criminal enterprises with ties to drug sales, prostitution, and human trafficking. We have to work together and we have to work quickly to invest in the right technology, integrate fraud detection in every level of our process, and coordinate more effectively a response that's much more urgent than we currently have.    In Florida, we've implemented effective front-end detection systems and commonsense legislation to address obvious fraud and abuse at the roots. We banned EBT card transactions at all adult entertainment and gambling venues and in the purchase of alcohol, we've created a fraud reward program, we've enhanced criminal penalties for fraud, and we've revised the definition of EBT trafficking in Florida law to include swapping food benefits for weapons or controlled substances. Last year, our Office of Public Benefits Integrity conducted more than 23,000 investigations, which resulted in cost avoidance of $27.6 million of benefits that would have been otherwise administered to folks who were not eligible.    How can we improve the system? Florida has demonstrated the success of advanced technology with our automated identity verification tool and the complete automation of the system. We think we need to continue to invest in technology like this both at the front end and the back end of the system. We also would like to work with our Federal partners to build on these capabilities and eliminate the one-size-fits-all approach. We have to give States the flexibility and the space to implement and execute these programs and policies while still being able to come up with innovative solutions that meets the needs of the citizens in their State.    We also suggest that we consider changing the current burden of proof of recipient fraud from a clear-and-convincing standard to a preponderance of the evidence, the same standard that's used for retailer fraud. Right now, it is easier to arrest a recipient than to disqualify them from the SNAP program.    When it comes to retailer fraud, and this is where we feel a real sense of urgency in Florida, we need a much more comprehensive and urgent approach. FNS must start immediately suspending a SNAP retailer upon a criminal arrest. We need to require that retailers repay trafficked amounts in administrative sanctions that rarely happens now. SNAP retailer applications must be scrutinized more closely before vendors become authorized retailers. And we have to change the way we provide incentives to States and move away from a pay-and-chase model and start focusing on an upfront prevention model.    I do want to talk briefly about the case that you mentioned, Opa-locka. It was the largest food stamp trafficking bust in Federal programs history. Twenty-two retailers were arrested. Investigators found cash and guns. They found storefronts that were actually drug sale operations, human trafficking, and prostitution operations. They found empty storage rooms, rotten produce, empty display boxes, plastic fruit and vegetables on display. One store owner was an illegal alien who used someone else's Social Security number to get FNS authorization. Another owner was here on a work permit. Another failed to disclose they were a convicted felon.    Since 2011 when DCF first reported the fraud, nearly $89 million in SNAP transactions have taken place at this location. DCF now has to review 41,000 SNAP recipients just since July, and that number is growing, to find cases that might rise to the level of clear and convincing evidence. And today, we've not been able to disqualify one SNAP recipient who was involved in that. The trafficking continues. At least eight retailers continue to operate in that location. In fact, the 2 weeks following the arrest, they did over $163 in EBT redemptions.    Clearly, we can do better than this. In the State of Florida we're absolutely committed to making sure that folks who are eligible to receive these free services receive them in the most accurate and timely fashion possible, but we are equally as committed to making sure that we maintain the integrity of this program. And we do want to work with our Federal partners to make sure that happens.    Mr. Carroll. I can't answer that definitively. I will tell you what made the Opa-locka flea market so popular to draw folks not only from Florida but around the Nation was they were purchasing food stamps at 80 cents on the dollar. And we know that because on several of the stores that were rated, they actually--it was like a sale sign that you go in and you would see all the things and then you would see the 20 percent off sale. It was right on the registers, how much $30 would be converted into, how much $600 would be converted into, so it was right there. Folks saw it. It was posted.    Mr. Carroll. No, there ----    Mr. Carroll. There have been arrests. What we have not--the process involves--it's a pretty complex process, but our investigation into that flea market began in 2011 when we saw ----    Mr. Carroll. We were doing it from ----    Mr. Carroll. I do. And I'm glad that Ms. Brown brought this up. We're in a collaboration right now with five southern States that border us so that we electronically up front when somebody applies for assistance can ping our data off of their data to make sure that they're not concurrently receiving assistance in two States. That's a pilot program we've been working with our Federal partners on doing that, and it's--quite frankly, it's worked quite well.    I hear there's another 15 States going to come in on that, and we hope at some point that all 50 States are up on it so at least we can stop folks from receiving in multiple States.    The issue that we have with folks using food stamps in other States, it's like everything we deal with, it's complex. You've got to peel the onion back because in Florida when you look at the panhandle, it's usual for somebody to cross the border and use it at--the nearest grocery store may be in Alabama if you live in Pensacola. It may be in Georgia. It may be in Louisiana. So we see some of that. But I can tell you, to have folks from 6 or 10 or 12 States visiting the Opa-locka flea market, if you've walked through the Opa-locka flea market, that is not a tourist destination. So there's something going on there.    And what we don't know is I don't think that folks physically came here from Maine to use their card or to sell their card here. I suspect it was more related to--we have ID thieves in southern Florida that we know are now applying for assistance in Missouri, that now are applying for assistance in New York. They'll probably apply for assistance in Maine because there's no way these folks are physically coming to Florida to go to the Opa-locka flea market.    Mr. Carroll. Right.    Mr. Carroll. No. And, first of all, I want to say to Under Secretary Concannon that when we have partnered and they have gone after vendors, we'd have a very strong partnership. What I'm worried about is even using their definition of a high-risk vendor, we have over 16,000 authorized retailers in the State of Florida. Based on the definition that classifies some of those vendors as high-risk, 13,000 of our vendors are high-risk.    And if you use the statistic out of FNS in terms of what percentage of those might potentially be actively engaging in this activity, it would be about 2,300. FNS and the State of Florida gets to about 100 of these establishments, investigations per year. So based on that, it would take us 23 years to get through that population. We ----    Mr. Carroll. Correct.    Mr. Meadows.--to evaluate all of those?    Mr. Carroll. With the current--the way we do investigations, the current staff available to those folks ----    Mr. Carroll. Well, it's a pilot ----    Mr. Carroll. Yes.    Mr. Grothman.--would you say you discovered people who were getting SNAP benefits in more than one State or trying to get SNAP benefits in more than one State?    Mr. Carroll. Yes.    Mr. Carroll. I'd have to get back to you the number. I don't have that number, but there is an active number, sure.    Mr. Carroll. That's correct.    Mr. Carroll. I'd like to take that question. What we find the highest profile of somebody who's likely to engage in that type activity is--we go back to that able-bodied--it's usually a single adult that doesn't have kids because we very seldom--unless it's identity fraud where it's not the person it's purported to be, we very seldom come across a mom unless there's a serious other issue like a drug addiction or something--but we very seldom come across a mom who is going to sell the lifeblood of that family for--no matter how much.    So--and this is why I want to focus on the vendor rather than the recipient because if you're a recipient and those able-bodied folks make--or get about $111 a month or $114 a month. If you get 50 cents on the dollar, you're talking about they get maybe $60, but if you're a vendor in Opa-locka and you multiply that over and over, all of a sudden you get $7 million worth of redemptions off an EBT card that you're keeping 20 percent of with no overhead.    And so I agree it's an issue. I don't think that families that are on assistance are selling their food stamps like that. I do think that some of this becomes urban legend because we don't do a good job at curtailing it so it's difficult to put a number on it. But if we don't go after the vendor side of this, we're never going to stop it.    Our focus is on the recipient side, and Under Secretary Concannon talked about how States don't go after the recipients. The difference of going after a recipient, you can go after a retail vendor and you can have preponderance of the evidence and you can use the EBT transactions to shut them down. Because we have a clear-and-convincing standard, I can bring that standard in. And most of the time when we get it, by the way, it has been under investigation for a number of years. It took 7 months to go through a disqualification. So when we get a lot of the transactions that are given to us, a lot of them are a year, 2 years old, we have to re-run more current transactions.    But with a clear-and-convincing standard, we then have to prove they had the intent to commit fraud, and short of having a witness that saw them do it or having some type of admission from the person that they in fact, misused their food stamps, it's very difficult to overcome that hurdle, which is why we asked to have that standard reduced to the same as retail merchants where it's preponderance of the evidence because then we can do exactly what Under Secretary Concannon said and use the EBT usage data to begin taking some of these people off the rolls.    Right now, they refer to us--because of the vendors--they shut down on average about 21,000. We have 41,000 folks that we're looking at just in the Opa-locka area. That's 62,000 folks. I don't have enough folks to investigate at the level of investigation you need to disqualify 62,000 folks. I just don't. We've got to stop this at the vendor level, and we've got to reduce the standard on the recipient level.    Mr. Carroll. This is where Maine and Florida differ a little bit. We looked into putting photos on the card, and the initial up-front cost would be about $450,000 and then $1 per card, and with 3.3 million recipients, the cost of instituting that would be costly.    But what we don't think would--this is why I think we need to target our prevention efforts. Most of the folks that are trafficking in EBT cards, there's a willing vendor who is openly breaking the law and buying these food stamp cards illegally. They're going to continue to do that whether there's a picture on it or not. For the vendors in big-box stores like you work at a Walmart and all of a sudden somebody hands you a card. If you checked the ID and it happens to be dad but mom is on the card, then what happens in that grocery line? We don't know. So we don't think it's a bad idea but it has to be fleshed out a lot further than that before we go down that road.    We think you get a bigger bang for the buck in strengthening the data analytics portion of this looking at transaction history with vendors, and we think you get a bigger bang for the buck looking at folks coming through the front door, how they're using their EBT card and drilling down into that stuff to begin to prevent it.    I do think--and I think Secretary Mayhew alluded to this--that the fact anecdotally there's been less cards collected because I do think it would be a deterrent to folks who don't want it traded because their picture is on it. But the people that we see in Florida are intent. They could--I'm talking about a small segment that's accounting for a big chunk of this fraud. These folks are criminals. They don't care whose picture is on it. They're going to sell and they're going to traffic in that EBT card.    Mr. Carroll. That is correct.    Mr. Carroll. Absolutely.