    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Chairmen, and the Ranking Member, and Members of both Subcommittees who are here this morning for a hearing that has a lot of importance for American agriculture throughout the country.    I am not so sure who is in charge of the lighting here, but it seems to me we could shed a little more light, besides the subject matter, I am not so sure why it is as dark as it is, but maybe staff could do something about that, Mr. Chairmen.    We are here to discuss the American preparedness to face the potential devastating impact that foreign pests and diseases have on American agriculture. That is helpful, thank you. That is shedding a little more light on things.    Mr. Costa. There you go. The witnesses that we have here today are from the Department's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, otherwise referred to as APHIS, and the United States Customs and Border Protection, which are very important. A group of us were down in Texas near the McAllen border and saw a lot of the good work that our Customs and Border Protection Service provide in terms of trying to monitor potential impacts of the migration of foreign pests and diseases that can impact our agricultural communities.    I have a number of questions, which will be referred to the witnesses: Do we have, first, adequate safeguards in place? Do your agencies have adequate funding? Are there as robust monitoring programs in place to ensure that pests and diseases that do get through initial screening, which sometimes happens, don't have the ability to spread? California, with over 300 commodities that we produce, we have had infestations that we have had to deal with repeatedly over the last 3 decades that I have been aware of as the former Chairman of the Senate Agriculture and Water Committee in California. This is not a new issue that we have had to contend with. And finally, even most recently in California again, we have the introduction of an additional citrus-related disease, and I would like to learn from the experts here what is their greatest fear as to what comes next, potentially what we need to be on the lookout for.    I am especially excited to have the Agriculture Products Detection Canine Officer. I saw that canine when I walked in here. I don't know who is going to translate his or her testimony, but we are anxious to hear it. But truly, they play a role. We have an international operations in the Fresno Airport, where we have daily flights, and those canines do provide an important role in terms of monitoring and detection. So we appreciate that additional support.    Earlier this month, as I said, I had in my office California's Agriculture Commissioners and Sealers speaking on the importance of the detection teams play, not only in Fresno's air terminals, but also air terminals at other ports of entry throughout the country. And while there are 14 canine detection teams in California, I am told that oftentimes it is inadequate, and there is a lack of funding to support those 14 canine teams.    Finally, the continued success and growth of our nation's agricultural industry is dependent on a host of factors, including our ability to protect animals and plants from pests and diseases. So I want to applaud APHIS for your work in advance, and the Customs and Border Protection Service for working to deal with daily threats that occur across our borders, whether it happens unintentionally or not, people who are just traveling back and forth sometimes bring fruits and vegetables from friends, or things that they saw at the supermarket that they wanted to bring home, and don't know that they are bringing larva and other potential pests that can and do create infestations.    So thanks again, both Chairmen, for the two Subcommittees coming together and holding this hearing today. From a part of the country where we have had to deal with repeated infestations, from Medflies to fruit flies, to all sorts of other infestations, this is, I can tell you, an important hearing to protect American agriculture. So I look forward to the testimony.    Thank you.    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I gave a preview in my opening statement about the questions I wanted to ask all of you, and that is whether or not adequate safeguards are in place, and whether or not your agencies have adequate funding, and how we can better improve the robust monitoring programs that take place at, not only ports of entry of all kinds, but also air terminals and others where we have international travel that takes place.    In California, again, to kind of make it local, we have the issues with citrus greening most recently, as you are aware, and also the high-path avian influenza, which is really a migratory bird disease that, as in the migration pattern as it is going from Canada to the U.S., to Mexico, landed in places where they have been able to provide the pathogens that have allowed it to be transmitted to domestic poultry operations.    So I guess with those two examples in mind, can you please give us a snapshot on what you are doing and whether or not you have adequate resources to do it?    Mr. Costa. On that point, and this is a debate that has been going on for years, because I was a part of that effort back in the 1980s where we knocked down the Mediterranean fruit fly in the Bay Area, some argue that we never really knock it down, we never really eradicate it; that we simply make it more dormant and then it pops its head up somewhere else. Do you care to opine on that?    Mr. Costa. Now, I noted that in my comments. And it is not intentional, obviously, but it happens.    Mr. Costa. And what about migratory species that, I mean really fall in a different category, obviously? There are not ports of entry, these are part of the Pacific Flyway and they are just doing what is their natural migratory patterns. What tools do we have to combat those kinds of impacts?    Mr. Costa. Well, thank you very much. Keep both Subcommittees updated as to what resources you may need. Obviously, this is an important issue, as I said in the outset, and it is something that we monitor all the time in California's breadbasket.    Thank you so much.