    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Seymour, does the employee exposure extend only to those who filled out Standard Form 86, or does it include others as well?    Mr. Palmer. Well, ma'am, apparently it does, because I have two employees who have never filled out a Standard Form 86, and they have a letter from you informing them of the possibility that their data may have been compromised. So I will ask you again, and it is a yes or no, does it extend beyond the people who filled out an SF 86?    Mr. Palmer. Why didn't you answer yes to start with?    Mr. Palmer. No. I made it clear. I asked you, did the exposure extend beyond those who filled out SF 86, and you said the investigation was ongoing. Apparently, you have investigated enough to send a letter to employees who didn't fill out those forms, so thank you for your yes answer.    In your judgment, Ms. Archuleta, how likely is it that the hackers were able to access these personnel files through an employee account?    Mr. Palmer. Well, let me be a little bit more specific. Are you familiar with The Wall Street Journal article that indicated that it was possible that the breach occurred through personal email accounts, because employees were using the Federal system and that early in 2011 the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency noticed a significant up-tick in infections and privacy spills, and they asked for a directive or they put out a directive that Federal employees could not use the Federal system to access their personal emails? But the American Federation of Government Employees filed a grievance with the federal arbitrator claiming that that was something that needed to be bargained and needed to be part of the collective bargaining agreement.    The arbitrator dismissed ICE's security arguments in 75 words, claiming that the law didn't give the Federal agencies exclusive discretion to manage the IT systems, so ICE wasn't able to shut that off. Do you have any comment on that?    Mr. Palmer. Well, it is being discussed in The Wall Street Journal.    I think for now, since we need to head to the hearing, I will yield the balance of my time.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.