    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Pollock, I am picking up on your last comment about a democratic government in Israel, and until and unless that democratic government is changed, they make the decisions.    Surely, however, you did not mean to suggest that this democratic elected government, as the largest supporter of Israel, doesn't have a right to be critical when it thinks its interests or even Israel's are at risk.    Mr. Connolly. Okay.    Mr. Connolly. I just wanted to clarify that. I don't mean to cut you off, but I--because leaving it that way--I mean, we get to be, as friends, critical.    Mr. Connolly. And U.S. policy is longstanding with respect to settlement expansion and other aspects of the relationship that have critical aspects to them as well as, of course, longstanding support. I count myself, certainly, as an unswerving supporter of Israel, but that doesn't mean I can't be critical as a friend.    Mr. Connolly. Okay.    And you can answer this, too, if you wish, but I will put it to, first, Congressman Wexler.    Congressman Wexler, okay, so there are problems with the Palestinians--leadership, funneling of money, as Dr. Pollock indicated, that, clearly, we find abhorrent.    What happens--let's defund the PA, let's close their offices here, let's stop working with them. Would that be welcomed by the Israeli Government, in your opinion? And would it help the cause, the peace cause?    Mr. Connolly. And that is the position of the Israeli Government.    Mr. Connolly. A vary able administrator.    Mr. Connolly. And, as far as we know, incorruptible.    Mr. Connolly. Yeah.    Mr. Connolly. Terrible loss, actually, when we lost him.    Dr. Pollock, do you concur?    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Got it. I agree. I think our choices aren't great, and I think that is always hard for Americans. There ought to be a very clear white-hatted choice and a----    Mr. Connolly . Bad, black-hatted choice. We are between a rock and a hard place, but, absent the PA, probably either the Israelis have to step in and actually run everything in the West Bank administratively, in terms of local government services, or Hamas gains control of the West Bank, which is not a desirable outcome.    Mr. Connolly. Yeah.    Mr. Connolly. Right. I didn't mean to even suggest you were saying that. But they have been calls here, even on this committee, for a total cutoff and close the----    Mr. Connolly. Okay.    A final thing, real quickly. Mr. Wexler, you made reference to 200 generals, Mossad leaders, Shin Bet leaders, who have expressed deep concern about the current government in Israel, Netanyahu, and Israel's security. Do you want to elaborate a little bit on that? What is going on?