    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    In August of last year, I held a mental health listing session in Hamilton County, just north of Indianapolis, Indiana, and pulled together advocacy groups, family groups, doctors, and luckily, head of our state HHS component FSSA as a psychiatrist, Dr. John Wernert, and he participated in this session. And we talked about the pressing issues of mental health in our state and in our country, and ways that Congress could respond. And I have to tell you, a theme of that was the fragmentation issue. And even now, as still a relatively new Member of Congress, I am amazed at the number of people with mental health issues contact our offices, and come to our events, including recently a young woman who brought to a public meeting stacks and stacks and file folders of her correspondence with different agencies, trying to seek help for her schizophrenia. And it broke my heart. And then when I read this GAO report about the fragmentation, and would just ask all of you to look once again at the chairman's chart, and I would ask you to take that back to SAMHSA, and I applaud GAO for putting together, or attempting to put together, the comprehensive inventory, but if healthy people in a discussion have a hard time getting through the bureaucracy, how do mentally ill people and seriously mentally ill people get help?    And so, Dr. Kohn, why was it such a challenge in GAO's opinion to identify all of these different programs? What happened?    Mrs. Brooks. If I could, there was an organization called the Federal Executive Steering Committee that you pointed out in your report that was in place after another analysis of our mental health system early in the 2000s, and it was in place from 2003 until 2008, and it seemed to bring together at very high levels the many agencies we are talking about, but it was disbanded or has not met since 2009. Is that correct, Dr. Kohn?    Mrs. Brooks. And so, Ms. Hyde, you indicate all of this coordination, but it seems to be at the highest levels only within HHS, is that correct? Why was that disbanded? Why was the Federal Executive Steering Committee, which brought together at the highest levels, why was it disbanded?    Mrs. Brooks. What do you think it accomplished? When we have seen the growing numbers, what did it accomplish and why would it disband?    Mrs. Brooks. Well, and I would agree that there are a lack of services and a lack of support, but when there are billions of dollars being spent, and I guess I want to ask you, Dr. Frank, because you talked about, and my time is running short, you talked about populations and programs specific to populations, well, what if you are a middle-aged woman who is not a veteran, who is not a young person, who is not homeless, who is not in the workplace, what programs are there for people who don't fit into these populations?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. My time has run out. We have, obviously, much work to do.    I yield back.