    Mr. Jenkins. Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished Members of the committee, thank you very much for the opportunity to address this important subject.    The testimony I have already submitted addresses two fundamental questions. One is the threat posed by Western fighters who have joined Jihadist fronts in Syria and Iran. No. 2, how can the United States enhance its ability to identify and intercept returning foreign fighters with passports from countries currently covered by the Visa Waiver Program?    You know, one of the advantages of going fourth here is that you can revise your order of remarks along the way. What I am about to do is just toss my oral remarks completely. Let me just underscore a few points that have already being touched upon.    First of all, the threat. This is serious. The continuing civil war in Syria, ISIL's military victories, and its claimed re-creation of the caliphate has created a great deal of excitement and has attracted foreign fighters from around the world. The numbers are constantly on the move. But we are looking at in excess of 20,000 foreign fighters who have now gone to Syria. Most of these are from Arab countries, but more than 3,000 are from Western countries, primarily Europe.    The bombing campaign by the coalition does not appear to have stopped this flow yet. In fact, just last week the Prime Minister of France said that they could expect 10,000 European fighters in Syria and Iraq by the end of this year. That is--now, this is a dangerous bunch. I mean, ISIL recruits people who are not simply--not only not repelled by images of beheadings and burning people alive and crucifixions and mass executions, that is its recruiting poster. It is gathering, assembling people who are looking for opportunities to participate in that.    Its al-Qaeda counterpart remains dedicated to attacking the far enemy; that is us. Right now, ISIL is not so concerned with launching attacks abroad. But under pressure, that strategy could change. If ISIL is defeated, then we could see the proliferation of small groups on the run bent upon revenge. So the threat is serious.    Visa Waiver Program. Look, our allies here understand they have got a major problem in Europe. The recent terrorist attacks underscore that. So they are taking a number of steps now to improve intelligence, to increase their criminal penalties. This allows us some real opportunities to work with them. One of the things that they are doing, for example, is adding elements to the PNR. We can use that information if it is shared with us in conjunction with the information that we get through ESTA in order to create new kinds of profiles that will identify these people coming in.    We are gonna have to shift our thinking here. The problem was overstay. The issue now is intercept. So the challenge for us is how we can take things like ESTA, PNR data, intelligence data, prescreening processes which are being extended abroad, as well as arrival procedures by customs and immigration officials, and knit them together into a National strategy.    So the point is this isn't just about Visa Waiver. Visa Waiver is a component of a larger necessary effort which is gonna have to go on for a long time because we are going to be dealing with the effluent of the fighting in Syria and Iraq for the foreseeable future. Thank you.    Mr. Jenkins. So this is--this relates to the previous issue, and in terms of intelligence sharing. The problem that the Europeans--not that I am here to defend Europeans. I mean, intelligence exchange arrangements are very, very complicated. Over a period of time, they also tend to become a bit routine. If it is not a front-burner issue, it takes a while to get lists updated.    I think the avalanche of names seen after the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris reflects not simply their increased willingness to share with us, but also their realization that their compilation of those lists and sharing with one another was not at a level where it should be. We are going to depend primarily on them to help us keep track of those names. That is, those are their nationals. We can assist them in this. But we ultimately depend on their ability to do that. So we want to make sure that they have the very best list.    The other areas where we can provide some assistance is on ground borders. Right now, everyone thinks that these people will return via airliners, which is--which has been true thus far. But right now, Turkey is a key to this thing. Because people are coming back from the Middle East into Turkey, and then crossing land borders into Greece or Bulgaria. These are countries--especially Bulgaria, it is a member of NATO, it needs resources. It can use some help in strengthening that land border. So we can help reinforce some of the priorities that the Europeans have already addressed.    Mr. Jenkins. By the way, let me clarify here that the 10,000 is not my guess. The 10,000 is a guess by French officials as to what may happen. The number could be less, it could be greater than that. I expect to see these numbers will be on the move. Every revision we have seen, there have been dramatic increases every time.    The bulk of those going from Europe are going from France, Belgium, the United Kingdom, Germany. Less--far less--smaller numbers going from Eastern European countries. So the bulk are going from a handful of Western countries. France recently revised its total up to 1,400 now that are believed trying to go or who have already departed for the Middle East. So it is primarily a handful of Western European nations.    Mr. Jenkins. In terms of the management of--the fact that one agency may manage the list, put together, assemble these lists and manage it, should not interfere with other agencies having access. So an ESTA application, however it comes in and is processed, it is checked against the tide and the other lists that reside in other parts of the U.S. Government.    So the fact that DHS is not the manager of this database is not an impediment to checking of names. In fact, names--matches have been found on ESTA applications, and potential terrorists denied entry as a consequence.    Mr. Jenkins. I would certainly agree with that. Here is an area where as I say, Visa Waiver Program is one component. In increasing the intelligence role, the capabilities and intelligence role of both immigration as well as Customs and Border Patrol----    Mr. Jenkins . Which are DHS agencies, that is something that has been recommended by other groups already; that these are a line of defense and we can do more of that in that area.    The other thing is in terms of building a National strategy that will bring all of these key players together, agencies within DHS, those within the intelligence community, State Department, and so on, to ensure that these are not isolated separate lines of defense but, in fact, part of a multi-layered system of defense. That, I think, has to be our goal. That is going to take some--this is a big, complicated Government. That takes--that is an issue--to ensure that that is being done is an appropriate role for Congressional oversight.    Mr. Jenkins. No. I like the title too. But I would extend our--again, the scope. I know the focus here is the Visa Waiver component. But again, to push and make this part of a National strategy where we really emphasize both internally among the agencies in the United States Government, but also externally with our partners on this; that we can utilize all aspects, everything from improving land border security in particularly exposed countries to shaping the expansion of PNR data that is going on right now in Europe, to Visa Waiver, to expanding the role of CBP and ICE, that should be part of a National and international strategy that gets us into really secure travel.