    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Weiss, you were making a point during my colleague's questioning that you said was important. Do you want to finish it?    Mr. Higgins. You were talking about narrative and you were talking about something that hadn't been talked a lot about.    Mr. Higgins. You were embedded with the Free Syrian Army?    Mr. Higgins. How long ago?    Mr. Higgins. How do you define the Free Syrian Army?    Mr. Higgins. Did you use the number 39 units or militias?    Mr. Higgins. In your experience, is the Free Syrian Army or was the Free Syrian Army a cohesive, monolithic group?    Mr. Higgins. We spent, the United States spent about $\1/2\ billion, about $500 million, trying to train and equip a moderate fighting force that was vetted through the United States of Free Syrian Army representatives. Was that inaccurate or insincere?    Mr. Higgins. You make a good point.    Mr. Boot, I just wanted to, on Iraq, you have advocated for a Sunni Regional Government that would be autonomous, protected by its own militia, and guaranteed by the United States. You also suggested in your testimony the 30,000 or 40,000 U.S. troops on the ground in Iraq to fight with Sunnis and that we would train and arm the Sunnis in Iraq.    As you know, the United States spent $24 billion, $25 billion training an Iraqi Army of some 240,000 fighters, including security and police forces. That failed miserably. How does this work logistically? And how does that affect the relationship if, in fact, it matters, with the Shia-led government.    Mr. Boot. Well, I would say, based on my personal experience on numerous trips to Iraq going back to 2003, that our train and equip program for the Iraqi Security Forces was actually working pretty well until we completely pulled out in 2011. And what happened after that is that the Shiite sectarian regime in Baghdad completely corrupted and perverted the security forces, which is why when ISIS rose up and struck, the security forces fell apart.    At the moment, what we have been doing basically is we have been trying to pour new wine into old bottles. We have been trying to provide support for the Iraqi Security Forces as if they still exist in their old pre-2011 from. But the reality is that they don't. They remain hopelessly compromised by the Iranians and the Shiite sectarians who really run the regime there. And most of the energy of the government has been poured not into standing up nonsectarian Iraqi Security Forces, but rather in creating these popular mobilization forces, which are Shiite militias effectively under the control of Iran.    Now you hear from the regime in Baghdad that they don't want U.S. troops in Iraq to fight ISIS. Well, of course they don't want U.S. troop because that would interfere with Iranian designs to dominate the Shiite heartland of Iraq.    Mr. Higgins. Let me ask you this. The name of Qasem Soleimani is often invoked. He is a guy that clearly gave Nouri al-Maliki his final term. He is a guy that has demonstrated extraordinary influence with the Shia government with his control of the Shia militias. He probably saved Bashar al-Assad in Syria in the final hour by actually traveling there and conducting ground forces on the ground.    You know, going in there and propping up the Sunnis by promising or committing to a regional government, does that not necessarily--I am not saying that--I am not defending him in any way, shape, or form, the current government or the previous government in Iraq, because I think that whole experiment has been a huge, huge failure for a number of reasons. We have empowered the very people that we are trying to push back. But does that not necessarily sow the seeds of a new civil war between Shia and Sunni in Iraq?    Mr. Boot. Well, you already have a civil war going on in Iraq. What I am suggesting is to create a more durable balance of power that will actually keep the peace. What I am suggesting is that if we create, whether working through Baghdad or directly on our own, if we create the Sunni Regional Government that would be protected by its own Sons of Iraq militia and ultimately by the guarantee of American air power and American support, I think that could create a balance of power, because essentially you would have the Sunnis in control of the Sunni area, the Shiites in control of the Shiite area, the Kurds in control of the Kurdish area, and you would have a more peaceful situation of the kind that actually existed in 2011 before we left Iraq.    At the moment, of course, what you have is the most radical and extreme Shiites in control of the Shiite areas, ISIS in control of the Sunni areas, and the Kurds, fairly moderate Kurds, in control of their own areas.    The bottom line is that the Sunnis have no reason to fight ISIS if they think that ISIS is going to be replaced by the kind of Shiite tyranny that they have known after 2011. You have got to give them a reason to fight ISIS. And, basically, the reason is you have to give them a political end state that they would be satisfied with, and the only one that I could foresee right now is some kind of autonomy, which is not going to be easy to do.    And they are not going to trust us very well because they feel like we abandoned them in 2011. But if we show that we are willing to help them, if we are willing to put some troops on the battlefield to work with them, and if we are willing to keep troops long term in, let's say, the KRG, maybe in Anbar, and somewhere else, I think that might give the Sunnis enough confidence and might create a more stable end state under this loose Federal structure in Iraq. I think, at this point, that is really the only good bet that we have.    And simply continuing to support the Shiite sectarian regime in Baghdad, as we are doing now, even sending them F-16s, that doesn't make any sense because essentially what we are doing is we are subsidizing the Iranian power grab in Iraq, where our Air Force is basically acting as the air force for the Iranian militias. That is not helping to defeat ISIS. That is only helping to entrench Iran more deeply in Iraq.    Mr. Higgins. Just a final thought, Mr. Chairman. We have been dealing with this issue, whether it is the Foreign Affairs Committee, the whole committee, the subcommittee, joint committees of Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs. And it is like Tom Friedman used to say, he would go to the Middle East and he would say, ``I have traveled this area, I have studied it, I have written about it, it is all very clear to me now: What a mess.''    But I think the point is there is a book by Marwan Muasher called ``The Second Arab Awakening,'' and in it he argues that the Middle East it a very pluralistic society. And Bashar al-Assad in Syria is an Alawite, which is a variant of Shia, and it is not that everybody supports him, it is that the minority groups that gravitate to him are afraid that they will get slaughtered if a Sunni government takes over in revenge.    And that is a big part of the problem in the Middle East. So long as there is a zero-sum game, the sum will always be zero. And unless and until minority rights are actually respected and guaranteed in some kind of document, not even a constitution or a preamble, whatever.    You know, I look at the situation in Northern Ireland, although it is not perfect today, but you took two warring factions as part of the Good Friday Accord and they both had to denounce violence. You know, there was mutuality. They had to take risks. Gerry Adams of Sinn Fein, his life was not threatened from without, it was threatened from within because they were moving away from a physical force tradition.    And I think until you have that kind of breakthrough with real leaders that have a vision for Middle East peace, you are going to have a continuation of this horrible situation from which there are nothing but bad decisions for the United States.    Mr. Higgins. Dr. Gartenstein-Ross, you had indicated in your opening statement that there is a need to challenge the ISIS narrative of strength, and that ISIS has vulnerabilities and we have to make those vulnerabilities work against them. Do you want to elaborate?