    Mr. Costello. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank each of you for your testimony. I believe I can generalize that each of you has said that TAP is an improvement but that TAP itself can be improved. And I think that it is refreshing for all of us to hear that TAP is an improvement.    My question is directly oriented to Colonel Sutherland, although I invite anyone else to offer their comments. Colonel, I am just going to read a couple pieces of your testimony and then ask a question to provide the context. This is you speaking. I have found what typically separates a transition success story from a transition story of struggle and crisis lies in how a community welcomes, connects with, and responds to servicemembers leaving the military. We do not need more organizations but rather we need to harness existing community based programs and get organizations from across society to be inclusive of those touched by military service, to use our leadership locally to bring these organizations together to achieve collective impact. On page four you note, more needs to be done to localize the TAP training for transitioning servicemembers. And then to page seven you state that, you speak about the warm hand off between TAP and community as being lacking and there needs to be a more effective way of connecting the separating servicemember to the community he or she is planning to either prior to or during their transition. The DoD, for example, is not designed to provide these follow along community supports but some type of hand off within the community to the state director of veterans services, American Job Center staff, or local veterans service organization could help promote smoother transitions.    The question is, and it need not necessarily be an economic development agency although being a county commissioner, I mean, I am aware that every region has an economic development agency that handles workforce development programs. My question is because it is necessarily something very local, and because each community is a little bit different, do you envision sort of a unified delivery model for dealing with that warm hand off and for dealing with that ongoing issue of reintegration? Or is it something that really falls outside of government and is much more to use the term community based? I am curious if you could reflect on that a little bit further. Because I find it very interesting. And it really hits to the nexus of what the focus is, which is how do you transform TAP into its next iteration?    Colonel Sutherland. It does, and I understand exactly the challenge. The institutions need to err on the side of the veterans as opposed to err on the side of the institution, and to do that we have to understand if you have met a servicemember you have met a servicemember. If you have met a veteran, you have met a veteran. And if you are going to a community, you are going to a community. Each community has different resources, different capacity. And then what we have seen though in those communities, those local communities, is organizations that have stood up over the past several years because of this desire to want to connect and enable this generation of veterans.    We have seen whole of society approaches take place, whether it is in Wilkes-Barre or whether it is in Cincinnati or Boise, Idaho with the Wyakin Warrior Program. But what we have seen is that as the veterans transition, a more personalized approach to connect them to what are their desires as opposed to what do we think they should do. And what we have seen is over the past year some great advancement as far as apprenticeships and internships through Skills Bridge, with DoD working with the VA, as well as with teamster organizations. Trade and local organizations are phenomenal at not only recognizing the skill sets of the veterans but then tying them to what do the veterans want to do? What does the servicemember want to do? And now with the opportunities with the changes in DoD regulations that took place last January, or instructions that have taken place last January, we are now doing internships on installations. We just kicked off in Fort Sill with the teamsters doing truck driver training with a large group that want to drive trucks, commercial rigs. And so understanding that it is a whole of society approach but tailoring it after the institutionalized training that they go through in the TAP program as they get closer.    Because honestly when you are at 180 days out, I am thinking 180, 179, 178, I am counting down. As you get closer to the end and having a follow up, a care coordination effort, but connecting them to some sort of network in their local community. And that is what the state directors of veterans services have been talking about as well. Because we have been leaving them out of the conversations in some cases. Including them and then understanding that another part of this is building public awareness. The American people know what we are. They may not know us. They know we served in Iraq and Afghanistan, they know we served on a ship or an aircraft, we need to bring it down to a personal level once we connect with them in the local community. And that is why that network is so, so important. And having, harnessing community based programs. That is how J.P. Morgan has hired over 100,000, UBS has hired several thousand veterans. And through the work of local organizations coming together, what we have seen in Cincinnati that has reduced the unemployment. It is the public and private partnership that really takes place after that institutional training. Does that answer your question, sir?    Mr. Costello. It does. I appreciate that.    Colonel Sutherland. Thank you.