    Ms. RAMBERG. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you so much, Chairman Chabot and Ranking Member Velazquez, and everyone, for inviting me to testify today. It is a true honor and I really appreciate having the time to speak with you all.    For the last 10 years, I have had a really unique vantage point when it comes to small business and entrepreneurship, because during this time I both founded and have grown my own company called Goodshop, and I have been the host of Your Business on MSNBC. Through that I have been able to interview thousands of small business owners and investors and experts to really understand best practices when it comes to small growth survival and expansion. We were around in 2008, so we did a lot of stories on survival in those days.    This show was originally supposed to be on air for just 6 months, but we quickly learned that there was such a strong appetite by small business owners for advice and inspiration, and I think most importantly, just a sense that they are not alone on this journey. Now we are the longest-running show on MSNBC. We have been on for 10 years.    Entrepreneurship is in my blood. I am a third generation entrepreneur on both sides of my family. My paternal grandfather moved here from Mexico, and his first job here was as a peddler selling pots and pans and blankets door to door. He then went on to open a furniture store which my dad took over, and then my dad opened a storage business, a document storage business, and a real estate development firm.    On my mother's side, my grandfather was sort of a typical entrepreneur, always starting companies from a tropical fish company to he was the first person to bring frozen pizza to California, and he had a tire distribution company. My mom got the bug. When she was in her late forties, she partnered with my brother to start a company called JOBTRAK, a very bootstrapped company. I spent many of my summer hours making cold calls for that company when they first launched, and 12 years after they launched they sold that company to Monster.com.    I had a really special place by the time I started my company in 2005, because I had a front row seat to watching things go from idea to a business multiple times. As I look at my own experience, and I have talked to so many small business owners around the country, I know that having that experience and having a group of people around me who are advisors, who I can ask questions of very informally, really provides a shortcut to small business growth. It can be the difference between failure and success.    I do believe nothing really prepares you, even though I witnessed all these businesses, for doing it yourself. I certainly went in with my eyes open and I had a good group of people around me. My company Goodshop, which I founded with my brother Ken, was conceived upon a foundation of socially responsible business. We wanted to do good and do well. We have partnered with more than 30,000 retailers, and we provide the best coupons and deals for those retailers. If a user selects their favorite nonprofit or school, a percentage of what they spend goes back to that cause. Now we have saved people about $100 million in savings when they are shopping, and we have donated more than $12 million to organizations, large and small, across the country.    We now have about 60 employees and we continue to grow. We have a number of jobs that are still open right now that we are trying to fill. The company started just like many other bootstrapped businesses, with me working in my one-bedroom apartment in New York City, 24 hours a day, basically making calls in my pajamas, and my brother working at home at his place in Los Angeles, and just working hard. It took a lot of work to get to where we are today.    A few months after we launched Goodshop, I had the honor of being called by MSNBC and being brought on to launch the program, Your Business. On this show, once a week, we tackled common small business issues through profiling small businesses. These are issues that we hear consistently across the country regardless of industry and regardless of geography.    To give you some examples, we profiled a beauty salon in New Jersey, which was having trouble navigating the layers of regulations, local regulations, that kept them away from focusing on their growth. We told the story of a company that turns your T-shirts into blankets, and they could not find funding, despite very initial success that they had. We interviewed a woman whose clothing business was having trouble until she met an advisor from the SCORE organization. Simply having his perspective changed everything and her company started growing. Finally, we have done a series of stories on Main Streets across America, from Brundidge, Alabama, to Natchez, Mississippi, and I have seen the change that government grants can make--how money given to pave streets, help with signs outside of stores, get streetlights, flowers--can transform a Main Street and transform a city. Finding champions in those areas who are able to find those grants and get the businesses to work together can transform everything.    Now, I believe we are at a very exciting time for small business and entrepreneurship. I have with me, as I said, true champions who have worked with small businesses to help them grow and transform the economy of different cities around the world. Technology companies, particularly in the FinTech world and the EdTech world are just beginning to address these issues of small business funding and getting an educated workforce. I am excited to see what happens as these companies and these industries grow.    Now, there is no doubt, as we all at this table know, that owning a small business and entrepreneurship is no cakewalk. It can be hard. There are many people who struggle, and even for those who are very successful, there are a lot of pain points along the way, which is why I really want to thank you again for taking the time to talk about small business success stories. Because the more attention we can pay, the more focus we can put on both the challenges on small businesses and the success of small business and the contributions of small business owners, the more we can support this very incredibly important part of our economy. Thank you.    Ms. RAMBERG. We get questions. It runs the gamut. Right? How do I find money? How much money is it going to take for me to start my small business? How do I find good employees? We get very granular, so it could be how do I fire my first employee? I think, how do I get an IP lawyer, right? Where do I find a company to develop my Web site? I get questions across the board. What it speaks to is the fact that all of us have mentioned, there needs to be small business education. We are not reinventing the wheel. Any problem that you, as a small business owner, are dealing with, someone else has.    For instance, I belong to this organization called YPO, Young Presidents Organization, and we meet once a month where we talk about our business issues. It is an extreme shortcut for me to get to an answer about an issue that I am facing. So we need to create these networks, again, as Melinda just said, for everyone.    Ms. RAMBERG. Money and education. It is as simple as that, right? You need to have an idea for a company and you need to know how to grow it. I cannot tell you how many companies I have gone into and I ask something about their financials--and this is not just the youth, actually, this is everyone--and they cannot quote them to me. They cannot cite their financials. They do not understand. I say, what is your revenue? They cannot give me a number. If you do not have that, you are not going to be able to go into someone, whether that is an angel investor, a bank, any kind of funder, and get money. It starts with education. Once you have that--and people understand--and also, an education around testing. To understand that there is a true market for their business out there. Right?    We are dreamers. We sit around and we come up with ideas and we just believe that it is going to work. Understanding how to test whether there is a true market, someone is going to pay you for that, is something that every small business owner, entrepreneur needs to understand. Once they have tested, then you need to build out their networks and help them get face to face with funders.    Ms. RAMBERG. I do work with a number of people who are going to talk to angel investors. We have a number of angel investors who come on the program, and so help them in sort of organizing their thoughts down so that they can present their elevator pitch in a way that will at least pique somebody's interest. We also talk a lot about just alternative financing. Right? So all these FinTech companies, OnDeck Capital, the Lending Club, and thinking about factoring. Think beyond a traditional bank loan, if you are not in a position to get one, and look into some of these other ways to get money.    I also talk a lot to people about bootstrapping. My company was bootstrapped. My mom's company was bootstrapped. The company that I mentioned, which turns T-shirts into blankets, was also bootstrapped. If you can get yourself to a certain position where you have a little bit of success, it will be much easier to get money on down the road.    Ms. RAMBERG. Can I just add one thing?    Ms. RAMBERG. It is examples. Right? When you see a successful woman, you see that you can do it. And so the more, I mean, it is amazing that there are three women on this panel, but the more we can show that women are successful. I am in New York, and in New York City there is a burgeoning and very exciting community around female entrepreneurship and there are lots of conferences and lots of mentorship. I think that is what it takes. Again, it is about a community.    Ms. RAMBERG. Absolutely. We have gone around the country and visited Main Streets across the country--Natchez, Mississippi; Galena, Illinois. We were just in Daytona; Brundidge, Alabama, to just try and get kind of a temperature check on what is going on on Main Street. What we found consistently at the Main Streets that were revived, over and over we heard the story of big box stores moved in, our factories closed, Main Street shut down. It became lots of shutdown businesses, crime. The Main Streets that were able to revive almost to a Main Street was because of one person or one organization that organized everyone. Because the fact is, running a business is hard and it takes all of your time. So you have to concentrate on running your business and also reviving Main Street. These Main Streets have had a person or an organization who did that for them. It was pretty interesting.    Another interesting and important thing to note, about what we learned on Main Street, I have done a very informal poll of companies that I interview and just say, do you feel like anyone is looking out for you? We almost always hear no. I know this Committee does a lot, I know the SBA does a lot. I know there are a lot of organizations that are out there trying to help small business. But somehow it is not trickling down, so small businesses across this country often feel very alone and unsupported. I think there needs to be some education and some public relations around the resources that are available to them. We all know SCORE here. A lot of people do not.    Ms. RAMBERG. If I could add one thing to that. I cannot stress enough the problem with complexity. People are happy to follow the rules, but sometimes it is hard to know what the rules are. You spend money on lawyers, money on accountants, and time that you could be spending marketing or talking to your customers to just figure out if, in fact, you are following the rules correctly.    Ms. RAMBERG. Again, I think it is truly about mentorship. We do have issues. There are still many women out there who say that they go to find funding and they are discriminated against. I am quite sure that is true, but I think that if you are a woman who is going for venture funding and you talk to another woman who has been to that same person and asked for money, you will know what to look for. Again, I believe the answer is quite simple, which is just get people together, the experienced with the inexperienced. Get networks of women.    There is an organization called the WE Festival in New York City. It just happened, and it was for women entrepreneurs, and the excitement around it and the sharing of knowledge was huge; 10,000 women from Goldman Sachs, again, another organization. If you just get people together.    I went to a dinner. It was 20 women brought together from different industries by somebody, and by the end of the dinner, we went around and every single person had to ask something they needed help with. Three women at that table said I need help raising money for my company. And guess what? The next day they were contacted by people. Now, I do not know if they will get the money or not. It will depend if the businesses are good, but I am fortunate that I have this network in New York City. If we can create those same networks for people so that you feel comfortable saying I need this, and someone out there says, okay, let me help you.    Ms. RAMBERG. I think it is clarity and knowing where the information lies. In San Francisco, for instance, right now you need to put a new employee poster up right now. My company works with a PEO who tells us, hey, here is the poster, go put it up. If we did not work with them, we would not know it existed. That is a tiny example of things that happen all the time.    The amount of time and energy trying to understand what the regulations are, trying to work with the government to get around them, if there is a way to do it if it does not work with your company, and then comply with them. Again, the exempt rules, they are very complicated. It seems like they are easy, but it is not. There are people who do not exactly fit into one side or the other, and there is no place to go ask. If you go ask someone they say, oh, you have got to go figure it out yourselves. Having that answer as a small business owner, when this is not your core business, is incredibly frustrating and time-consuming.    Ms. RAMBERG. I think we are inspiring them. I think if you talk to millennials, if you have been into a WeWork office recently, it is filled with people who are inspired to start businesses. What we need to do is we need to keep them inspired and we need to keep them realistic. We need to talk about the challenges around small business, and we need to give education. It is the same as we have been talking about here. When I started my show 10 years ago, there were organizations focused on small business and entrepreneurship that were shutting down. Now there is a cult of entrepreneurship, and I think people are very excited to start their own small businesses, we just need to provide them the resources to do it. I think they want to.