    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the witnesses for your testimony today, and I continue to be amazed at the composure that you are able to bring to this issue, Mr. Steinle.    I wanted to inform you that some of us have been doing some things to try to move this Congress and this country in the right direction. I look back on testimony at this same table about the first year I came here in Congress, which would be around 2003 or 2004. The witnesses were testifying then of the number of people who died trying to get across the Arizona desert.    I asked a witness who was seated in your seat, Chief Biehl-- actually I asked each of the witnesses--he had an answer. I said, do you know how many Americans died at the hands of those who did make it into the United States. And his answer to me on September 11th was fresher in our minds than it is today. He said, I do not know the number, but I can tell you it would be in multiples of the victims of September 11.    And at that point, I began the effort to get a GAO study, which Ms. Lofgren cooperated with me on. In April of 2005 we got a study out. It was not quite apples to apples because we do not keep records well enough to have it exactly apples to apples. We refreshed that study again in March of 2011. I continued to bring amendments that cut off funding to sanctuary cities.    I never believed that there should be a separation between the levels of law enforcement in this country. I grew up in a law enforcement family, and I understand the interrelationships that are part of the testimony we have heard here today.    I wrote an op-ed last year dated August 26. It is in the National Review: ``The ACLU Reverses the Rule of Law.'' In it I objected to the ICE detainer decision. What has been missing here is that then acting director of ICE, Dan Ragsdale, issued a statement, a letter to the political jurisdictions on February 25, 2014, that said that ICE detainers are not mandatory as a matter of law. And so, this is initiated not by ICE reacting to the ACLU's threat of lawsuits. That letter from ICE, contributed to this tragedy that we have here before us. And they changed the word ``shall'' to now it is a suggestion.    The last sentence in that op-ed says, as I wrote, ``If we bow to the outrageous demand of the ACLU and ignore detainer orders, the price will be paid by thousands of crime victims who would otherwise have been protected by law.'' I think we have clearly heard today the effect of that, and we have heard it from expert testimony and very painful experiences.    Mr. Steinle, on the day that I saw the news of your daughter's death, long before I knew it would be a national story, I sent out a tweet, and it is dated July 3. And it says this, ``100 percent preventable crime. Just enforce the law. This will make you cry, too.'' And it happens every day. That was the Breitbart article from that day, and I sent out a subsequent tweet the following day, and it says this: ``This story happens every day in the U.S.''    And as of 2011, 25,064 criminal aliens were arrested for homicide in the United States. That is as of the end of 2010. How many since then? How big is that number? I look at the report and I do the math. That number comes to perhaps 48,000. I look at the crimes that have been committed by criminal aliens. This report, coupled with a subsequent report, brings us to a number in the area of 7,200,000 crimes for perhaps less than around half of that many as crime victims.    The devastation in this country because we refuse to enforce the law is breathtaking when you look at the statistics, and it is a tragedy that causes my heart to cry when I see what happened. And we knew it. This Congress knew it. I saw it 12 or 13 years ago. Many of us have seen it, but because of political desires people that gain a political advantage from having the political support, they are pandering to and catering to people that they know are lawbreakers. And this tragedy was 100 percent preventable.    I feel like I ought to ask a question, so I want to say, Sheriff Jones, I think your testimony has been very specific and well informed. And I would ask if you could comment on what I said about ICE detainer orders.    Mr. King. Thank you, Sheriff. I would just say to the Chairman that the families that have suffered this kind of tragedy that it was 100 percent preventable are becoming the equivalent of gold star families here in this country. And I want to honor you and thank you. And I yield back.