    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you. I will read a few of these comments, Mr. Chairman, only because Mr. Smith wanted to make sure that--I want to make sure that we provide some of his voice while he is gone.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being before us today, and I welcome you. And I hope that you can in fact shed light on what is a very complicated situation.    No longer is this just about whether we send in ground troops to counter ISIL or not. We see ISIL's influence permeating into so many different countries, permeating through the Internet, in the dark spaces of the Internet that none of us really can understand. We see it in the violence that we have in Europe, in the Middle East. And, of course, we saw its influence in my home State, just 20 miles away from where I live, in San Bernardino.    So the influence of ISIL is spreading; I think we have to get our heads around that. And we also see other extremist groups that are beginning to align or coordinate with ISIL from North Africa, and this is a problem.    So, in general, I would say that the international community, the U.S., the Democrats, Republicans, we are trying to really grapple with how we define, how we handle, what is the best way in which we defeat this evolving situation of ISIL and aligned groups.    And although we have seen progress on ISIL--for example, Iraq's reclaiming of Ramadi--the situation appears to be growing even more complex, and I am worried that it may get even more difficult given the situation between Saudi Arabia and Iran, for example.    I am also concerned--I think we need a clearer strategy. And I don't know that that strategy is one we want to make public, Mr. Chairman, because I am always one of those people that says, if you are going to battle someone, you want the upper hand, but I think we, as the representatives of the people, need to understand what the strategy is. Because if we can understand how we go about this, then we can agree, as Democrats and Republicans, as Americans really, to put in the resources that are required to get the job done.    As I have stated before, defeating ISIL will require a broad commitment that will take many years to take the effect that we want. But we cannot allow ourselves to be pulled into the same types of mistakes that we saw in the Iraq war. ISIL is out to get us, and we need to understand that. It is not just about over there; it has now come here. So we have to figure out how to expose the dark and the hopeless nature of ISIL's vicious and morally bankrupt agenda, and we have to do everything to delegitimize ISIL's twisted and lurid appeal.    And it is beyond my comprehension--let me end with this, Mr. Chairman--beyond my comprehension how, in today's world, we can have such a massive humanitarian crisis occurring in Syria and where we could have 40,000 civilians in the city of Madaya starving to death as a result of ISIL and Assad and the confluence of what is happening there.    So I am interested in your views today, trying to find some answers, trying to find that nugget of what is a real strategy that we and our allies--because it will take more than just the U.S. to resolve this issue.    I yield back, and I look forward to your testimony, gentlemen.    The Chairman. The committee is pleased to welcome with us today Mr. Mike Morell, former Acting Director of the Central Intelligence Agency; Dr. Michael Vickers, former Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; and Mr. Robert Ford, former Ambassador to Syria.    Committee members have their complete background information. Those were only the last jobs of these guys.    Again, thank you all for being here. Without objection, your complete written statement will be made part of the record, and we would like to hear any oral comments that you would like to make at this time.    Mr. Morell.    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, ISIL has successfully expanded its influence and has received oaths of allegiance from groups in Afghanistan and Pakistan, Yemen, Nigeria, Libya, Egypt, Tunisia, France, Belgium, the U.S., and so many others.    I recently read an article where a supposed expert says that the goal of ISIS is the establishment of sharia law through Muslim lands, but they have actually created a caliphate and are trying to establish a government, with the caliph and they have taxation, garbage services, et cetera, et cetera--a government, if you will.    So my first question is, where or what is ISIL's center of gravity? Where should we be focusing our time and resources? That is my first question.    The second one is, if you can talk a little about the worries or what we need to do about the Saudi-Iran Government issue going on.    Thank you.    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In the interest of time--I mean, I just think we really have to get to what it is they want before we come up with a strategy of how--we can no longer contain them. If what you are saying is true, they go down a hole and they wait.    Now, something that someone had said was, now that they have established the caliphate, they have the caliph; this is really the lynchpin for them to be able to do this sharia law and everything else that comes with it, or, as you said, maybe the coming.    So I think, as members, we need to really begin to understand what moves before we can understand that not just bombs will get rid of this.    Thank you. I yield back.    Ambassador Ford. Congresswoman, can I add a point?    Ms. Sanchez. Yes.    Ambassador Ford. I think this is important, since you want to talk about what they want.    The establishment of the caliphate was very controversial within jihadi circles, very controversial. Why? Because many jihadi clerics, including Al Qaeda, said you can't declare a caliphate if you can't hold territory and apply sharia law. You can't declare a caliphate; it is illegitimate. That is still the position of Al Qaeda today with respect to the Islamic State.    Holding territory, therefore, taking it back from them, taking back Raqqah, taking back Mosul, taking back the other cities, matters. It will put a big dent in their recruitment because they will lose a great deal of the legitimacy that they have enjoyed within jihadi circles. They will still go underground, and they will still have to be routed out, but it will be easier if they can't recruit as well.    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you for that enlightenment. I mean, I have really been one of those who has been trying to understand what is the root of this.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally.