    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Deutch, for calling this timely hearing today.    And thank you to our witnesses for offering your testimony.    We know that lasting peace will only come about as a result of a direct set of negotiations that ultimately lead to a two-state solution. This is the only viable way to resolve the conflict between Israel and the Palestinian people, not through unilateral action. The breakdown of talks led by Secretary Kerry and the subsequent military conflict last summer were extremely disappointing. And the Palestinian decision to form a unity government with Hamas, a terrorist organization, and then to pursue recognition at international institutions, including the ICC, in complete disregard of their agreements made in accordance with the Oslo Peace Accords has seriously jeopardized the possibility of a peaceful solution.    I also fear this move, and the inevitable reaction by Israel and ultimately the United States if a case does move forward, will jeopardize the viability of the Palestinian Authority leading to a dangerous power vacuum in the Palestinian territories.    I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses and hope that we can get some clarity on what this development means for the future of U.S. relations with Israel and the Palestinian Authority.    I thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Thank you very much for your testimony. The U.S., as you all noted, is not a party to the Rome Statute and obviously doesn't provide financial support to the ICC. Are there any levers that are available to the United States that would allow us to assert some pressure on the court not to pursue a case? And second part of that question is, is there any likelihood that there might be an allied country who would pursue actions against the Palestinian authority if their action subjects them now to jurisdiction of the ICC to sort of take advantage of that event?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    My final question is, is it the position of the panel that the filing of charges by the ICC is the event that under existing U.S. law requires funding to be terminated, or is it the association with the ICC? In other words, what is the event under current U.S. law that requires funding to the PA to be, you know, ended?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    I yield back.