    Mr. Hessler. Thank you. Chairman Marino, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Johnson, Ranking Member Conyers, other Members, thank you for inviting me to testify at today's hearing.    As noted in your very kind introduction, I'm a partner in the restructuring group of Kirkland & Ellis, LLP. Although my practice includes representing creditors, equity holders, and other constituencies in complex distressed matters, I mostly represented major corporations as company counsel in some of the largest and most challenging bankruptcies in history. I am speaking especially from that perspective this morning.    I am distinctly pleased to appear before this Subcommittee again regarding the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act of 2015, also known as Subchapter V. It was my privilege to testify in July 2014 in support of the prior version. Given the comprehensive record scrutinizing Subchapter V, I will not repeat my prior testimony and will instead this morning focus on two issues.    First, the comparative benefits of a judicial process such as Chapter 11 versus a regulatory process such as Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act for addressing a major bank's failure, and second, how the 48-hour delay of the qualified financial contract safe harbors from the automatic stay is critical to the effectiveness of Subchapter V.    Turning to the first issue. The touchstone analytical framework for evaluating Subchapter V should not be as a stand-alone proposal, but rather, as compared to Chapter 11 in its current form, Chapter 11 as amended by Subchapter V and Title II. Among these alternatives, Subchapter V is the best designed option both structurally and philosophically to advance the private and public policies that animate the reorganization of a financial corporation.    The hallmarks of an optimal resolution regime for failing SIFIs must be clear and established rules administered by an impartial tribunal. Subchapter V is a financial corporation specific supplement to the existing reorganization provisions of Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code. And thus, it builds upon decades of practice and precedent that have refined the code and that otherwise provide a well tested and proven successful reorganization framework for major corporations, including SIFIs and their stakeholders.    Importantly, Subchapter V does not directly preclude or supplant the potential applicability of Title II. Critically, however, by design and operation, the availability of Subchapter V will make it far less likely that Title II will ever be invoked.    Turning to my second point. As a general rule, upon a debtor commencing a Chapter 11 case, contract counterparties are automatically stayed from terminating their agreements and engaging in self-help remedies against estate assets, but the Bankruptcy Code currently provides that counterparties to so-called qualified financial contracts, such as derivatives, repurchase, and swap agreements enjoy a so-called safe harbor from the automatic stay.    Consequently, a Chapter 11 filing by a financial corporation with significant qualified financial contracts could be chaotic at the outset as counterparties that are not subject to the automatic stay proceed to terminate and enforce their rights in the debtor's assets. Subchapter V addresses this potential problem by precluding access to these safe harbors for 48 hours after the commencement of the case, which is consistent with the time period under Section 1185 for effecting the transfer of the subsidiary operating assets which include qualified financial contracts to the bridge company under the single point of entry approach highlighted by Mr. Bernstein.    I have previously criticized Title II for imposing too brief a stay on this front until only 5 p.m. Eastern on the business day following the FDIC's appointment as receiver, and as a general matter, my default position remains that safe harbors should not exist at all. That said, for the following four reasons, I am persuaded that Subchapter V proposes a workable construct in this context.    One, since passage of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010, financial corporations have had 5 years to draft and refine their living wills. Ideally, the enactment of Subchapter V will reinforce the need to be prepared to make expedited qualified financial contract transfer and assignment decisions.    Two, Subchapter V requires that decisions on whether to transfer and assign all of the debtor financial corporation's assets, expressly including qualified financial contracts, must be made within 48 hours. It logically follows that 48 hours is a sufficient period to stay qualified financial contract counterparties from taking remedial actions that would interfere with these determinations.    Three, the implicit expectation of Subchapter V is that essentially all qualified financial contracts will be transferred to the bridge company. Because Subchapter V precludes cherry-picking only certain qualified financial contracts for assignment, this should reduce the burden of having to make transfer determinations for every individual agreement.    Lastly, the most likely alternative to a Subchapter V case, which is Title II, proposes a shorter stay than 48 hours, and Chapter 11 without Subchapter V provides for no stay at all on qualified financial contract counterparty termination. This means Subchapter V's 48-hour stay is actually the most robust option under the current and potential SIFI insolvency regimes at issue.    I look forward to further careful consideration of the important issues addressed by Subchapter V. I thank the Subcommittee for allowing me to share my views on this legislation, and I welcome the opportunity to answer any questions about my testimony.    Mr. Hessler. Sure. I have not come up with an alternative way, but I would say--and this was emphasized in my testimony submitted for today. Over the last year since my testimony last summer, I spent significant additional time contemplating the bill, and I am at this point comfortable with the single point of entry approach, and I guess very quickly I'll tick off four reasons why I think it is----    Mr. Hessler . A viable construct.    First of all, a point that was highlighted by Mr. Bernstein in his opening statement. SIFIs have corporate structures that don't comport with conventional bankruptcy practice. Many of the operating subsidiaries either cannot be filed for bankruptcy or need to be liquidated in a regulatory proceeding.    So Subchapter V, the single point of entry approach actually facilitates and accommodates the unique corporate structure of systemically important financial institutions.    The second point is while the discreet steps of single point of entry may be a unique addition to Chapter 11, the transfer determination, that in and of itself is subject to Bankruptcy Code and bankruptcy court approval within well established and applicable law under the legal principles of sections 363 and 365 of the Bankruptcy Code.    The third point is more of a practical matter, which is, again, although single point of entry would be a novel addition to the Bankruptcy Code, as already noted, versions of this very rapid sale have been happening already. Lehman is the most extreme example, which was the sale of all the operating assets within, you know, four to 5 days of the petition, but there have been other sort of lightning fast with the ``melting ice cube sales'' that are already happening under the Bankruptcy Code, and so understood, the single point of entry approach actually just formalizes and codifies something that's already going on.    And then lastly, and I talk about this at great length in my testimony, if you actually walk through the expectations of various creditors, secured creditors, unsecured creditors, and equity interest holders, the distributional scheme that is effected by single point of entry is consistent with typical Chapter 11 principles.    Mr. Hessler. I agree with the general thrust of Mr. Levin's response. I think it's possible that the absence of the Federal funding mechanism would not impair the ability of the bridge company to operate effectively because of the recapitalization that occurs upon the transfer of the assets. To the extent that is otherwise available, though, that could be reassuring to the market.    Mr. Hessler. There is one thing that I think would be hopefully clarifying about the interrelationship between Title II and Subchapter V. So nothing in Subchapter V diminishes Title II.    Mr. Hessler. It doesn't touch it. However, I think it's important that Subchapter V also be examined on its own merits because there's a critical provision, which is Section 1184, which provides standing to Federal Government regulators to be involved in a bankruptcy case. That presently does not exist within Chapter 11.    Mr. Hessler. Well, the decision on that, the Federal Government at present can only participate in a bankruptcy case to the extent it is a creditor----    Mr. Hessler . Not the debtor. So the point I want to make is sort of irrespective of Title II and what it does and doesn't provide or the future of Title II, whether it has one or not, just within Subchapter V, it specifically and on its own provides that critical grant of standing for Federal regulators to advance their public interest mandates in a Chapter 11 case.    Mr. Hessler. Subchapter V? No, I think--I actually believe that it puts a disincentivization for risky creditor behaviors. Creditors understand Chapter 11. It's well established and the governing principles are highly effective and highly proven. I actually think it's Title II, which is much more of an unknown quantity and an unknown entity that actually increases creditor uncertainty as to how a Title II untested proceeding would go, so I actually think Subchapter V, which really just adds additional clarifying facets to Chapter 11, I actually believe that's helpful for maximizing responsible creditor behavior.    Mr. Hessler. Yeah, I think it is what Mr. Levin is hopefully clarifying for me. There are two funding questions at issue in Subchapter V proceeding. Upon the transfer of the assets to the bride company, it is the access to liquidity of the bridge company.    Mr. Hessler. That's not governed by Subchapter V because that is not in the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy. There is potentially the issue of for the purposes of finding the wind down----    Mr. Hessler. No. There is regular DIP lending capacity and there that will be a significantly more limited funding need because what at issue the wind down of undesirable assets. That's what's happening in the Chapter 11 case upon single point of entry transfer.    Mr. Hessler. Thank you.    Mr. Hessler. I believe it will. I think the living will practices today have already begun to put in place the road map for what a Subchapter V proceeding would look like. And I think this is a point I want to augment that we've been talking how would Lehman have looked under a Subchapter V proceeding, and thus far really all that we have focused on is what would the cause have looked have looked like once it's filed.    The one thing I'd want to mention to the Committee is from what we do in the vast majority of our work is spent preparing debtors for a soft landing into bankruptcy. So perhaps the most important consideration that I would urge lawmakers to keep in mind is with legislation what sort of incentives and disincentives does it put in place for directors and officers to confront restructuring challenges and begin to prepare and address those issues as early as possible.    And this is something I talked about in my testimony. Title II has the provision that directors and officers are effectively all wiped out, the are all going to get fired and compensation is going to get clawed back and it's sort of all types of punitive measures. I actually think that creates a disincentive for directors and officers to begin taking responsible actions that are otherwise necessary to maximize stakeholder recoveries in a bankruptcy.    And so I think that's a very important part in Subchapter V I think it very, very hopefully incentivizes management to begin to prepare for bankruptcy because it sees an orderly path forward to otherwise affect a resolution of a failing bank.    Mr. Hessler. Yeah, no, I would add to that. I think the involuntary provision is an unhelpful distraction to what is otherwise a very good bill. Already there are provisions in the Bankruptcy Code that provide creditors the express right to file an involuntary case against a debtor to commence an involuntary Chapter 15. Those are exceedingly rare and the reason they are is debtors are very aware of those creditor powers and they are usually already very engaged in dialogue with the creditors, debtors do not like to get tossed into bankruptcies on a timeline and terms that are not of their own making. So they will file voluntarily before involuntary can be initiated. I fully expect that's what would happen here in the context of SIFIs, that they would be well aware of what Feds otherwise can do and even without the express involuntary rates, the Feds could probably force a bankruptcy anyway, and the company is going to file in advance of that so that it can maintain control of its own case.    Mr. Hessler. Yes, it would. I addressed it in my testimony and in my opening statement. I think the availability of Subchapter V will effectively render the need for a Title II unnecessary.