    Mr. Weinstein. Thank you, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, Representative Cicilline. I deeply appreciate the invitation to appear before you today to discuss Chairman Smith's bill, H.R. 624, the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, as well as the broader issue of corruption as an affront to human rights and a threat to U.S. national security. I want to applaud your moral courage and your leadership on these issues, which has been critical in the past and is needed as we go forward.    Throughout the world, corruption undermines the rule of law, it erodes confidence in democratic accountability, it threatens representative government, and thereby poses a fundamental challenge to human rights. When corruption is highly entrenched, economies are plundered and repression is often brought to bear against citizens and civic organizations demanding accountable governance.    Corrupt regimes, as we now see on a daily basis, also exert a very destablizing influence on international affairs. One only need to rapidly review the headlines to gain a sense of how politically motivated violence is fueled by profiteering and bribery, especially where weak governance is in place. Look around at the turmoil following the Arab Spring, the war in Ukraine, and you'll see different facets of the danger that corruption poses to peace, prosperity, and freedom worldwide.    Whether it be in Afghanistan, Syria, Iraq, or Libya, areas of significant destabilizing conflicts, vast levels of graft and cronyism have been crippling both national and local governments. Corruption serves as a rallying cry for extremist groups and is an obstacle to encountering them effectively on the battlefield.    Across Europe, and we have heard a bit about Asia, authoritarian kleptocracy is a particularly dangerous manifestation of this phenomena. Beyond internal oppression, these regimes are increasingly willing to export bribery and extortion, to support client states, coopt foreign political factions, and undermine the advance of democracy abroad. And these same kleptocracies, as we have heard, are willing to employ appalling violence to preserve the parasitic arrangements that keep them in power.    We saw what happened in the streets of Kiev in 2014 when citizens took to the streets to oust Viktor Yanukovych, the corrupt patron of Moscow, and they stood their courageously despite a wall of batons and a hail of bullets that killed more than 100 of their countrymen.    Their popular will for closer ties to Europe, for democratization, and freedom prevailed, but Russia responded with invasion, annexation, and occupation. To the Kremlin, a free and democratic Ukraine is an unacceptable counterpoint to the corruption and authoritarianism of the Putin regime that we have heard so much about already.    As a result, a sovereign state at the heart of Europe faces military aggression proscribed by the Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances, the Helsinki Final Act, and Article Two of the U.N. Charter.    Meanwhile, fringe political parties throughout Europe, both East and West--and not simply fringe political parties--are being buoyed and bankrolled by the same corrupt governments or private entities that belong to government officials in these countries fueling the war in Ukraine.    Veiled nuclear threats and provocative military maneuvers seek to rattle the nerves of our European partners while aggressive media and social media campaigns spreads disinformation, distract attention from the truth, and sow discord. These operations divide our allies, discredit the NATO security compact, and call into question the values of the post-Cold War political order.    Fortunately, the inherent superiority of both the Western political and financial order grants the U.S. leverage to confront this complex national security threat. As has been noted, corrupt officials often take advantage of open societies to shelter their assets and gain safe haven from political pressures at home.    With apartments and villas of grand standing and large bank accounts abroad, kleptocrats and their cronies and enablers can enjoy the benefits of freedom and rule of law that they or their associates deny to their fellow citizens. This is especially the case when public officials, in collusion with private entities, are allowed to abuse their authority with impunity.    The legislation that you have proposed, the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, offers the United States an opportunity to close this escape valve and to refuse to serve the interests of kleptocrats and our strategic adversaries. This bill is complementary to U.S. policy and can be narrowly and appropriately tailored.    The Obama administration's 2014 fact sheet on the U.S. Global Anticorruption Agenda identifies corruption as a growing national security threat to our country and our allies around the world. Furthermore, it notes that the United States continues to take action to prevent the U.S. legal and financial systems from being exploited by those who engage in or who launder the proceeds of corruption.    Government entities, including the FBI, the Department of Justice, the Department of State, and the Department of Treasury are active in countering kleptocracy. This bill would complement their work by providing a mechanism for congressional action to sanction specific individuals most responsible for human rights abuses and threats to U.S. national security.    The Global Magnitsky Act is neither a blank check to Congress nor an overreaching mandate imposed on the executive branch. Congress' authority respecting the application of the Magnitsky Act is sensibly balanced by the diplomatic and national security prerogatives or priorities set by the executive branch.    The bill provides the President with broad authority to determine the scope of sanctions and grant waivers, as appropriate, in the interest of national security. Conversely, the bill's reporting requirement encourages the President to seriously consider congressional recommendations and make scrupulous determinations based upon its findings.    Finally, the bill reflects beliefs broadly shared by the American public and our partners in the international community. The U.S. is the indispensable nation, the world leader primarily responsible for promoting the rule of law, good governance, human rights, and a peaceful international order.    We are a leader in confronting criminal regimes in the name of freedom. Global Magnitsky will build on this legacy, setting an example for others to follow in refusing to lend legitimacy to human rights abusers by sheltering their stolen assets and welcoming them to our shores.    The bill wisely sanctions only individuals. It leaves important multilateral trade and cultural exchanges upon which citizens of all countries benefit untouched. The bill also expresses solidarity with those suffering under corrupt regimes, taking actions against human rights abusers on behalf of those who cannot do so themselves.    Accordingly, the bill represents an opportunity to take a stand against destabilizing public corruption in a conspicuous, visible, and effective manner, thereby lending support to the fight for democracy, rule of law, and freedom throughout the world.    Last year, Hudson Institute founded the Kleptocracy Initiative, a program aimed at addressing the threats posed by corrupt authoritarian regimes to Western democracy and U.S. national security. We founded this initiative in part because of the threat posed to Western democracies and Western alliances by the growing financial leverage of kleptocrats and their allies in the economies of the West.    Given the threat that they pose to democracy in their own countries and to the defense of freedom abroad, the individuals responsible for unconscionable acts of corruption and human rights violations should not be granted sanctuary on our soil or economic refuge in our financial sector. As such, I applaud the Global Magnitsky Act as an effective and appropriate countermeasure against these criminal regimes.    By refusing to allow abusers of human rights the privilege of access to our financial institutions and entry upon our soil, the Global Magnitsky Act represents a momentous opportunity to demonstrate continued American leadership on this most critical effort.    Thank you again for inviting me to testify. It is an honor to speak before this august subcommittee on an issue of such consequence to our vital national interests.