    Mr. Deutch. Well, I thank you, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen and Chairman Salmon, for holding today's hearing to examine the President's budget request for Afghanistan and Pakistan.    Thanks to my fellow ranking member Mr. Sherman for his longstanding and thoughtful leadership in this region of the world.    And welcome to our esteemed witnesses.    For a decade and a half, U.S. troops, along with our international coalition partners, have been on the ground in Afghanistan. After so many years, after so many tragic losses, the American public is understandably weary of continued engagement.    When President Obama announced his intention to draw down troops, many welcomed the end of significant American troop presence in Afghanistan, while others worry that the withdrawal would end the significant gains made in development and leave the fledgling Afghan national defense and security force unable to defend its country from terrorists.    I am extremely sensitive to the idea of long-term troop engagement in Afghanistan. And I want our men and women home safe. But I believe that the President's decision last year to maintain 9,800 troops through the end of the year was correct. The administration must evaluate strategic decisions based on conditions on the ground, not on a preset timetable. And with the rise of ISIS, which has made clear its intent to attack Western targets, we cannot allow Afghanistan to revert to a breeding ground for terrorists.    The United States has committed over $100 billion since ousting the Taliban from Afghanistan. After years of corruption under and difficult cooperation from the Karzai government, we were hopeful that the 2014 transition of power would bring renewed leadership. Secretary Kerry's brokered National Unity Government between President Ghani and CEO Abdullah brought a renewed hope for real reform. And while I believe that both President Ghani and CEO Abdullah want to see their reform agenda succeed, they have been hampered by disagreements among their political backers.    So how can the U.S. best support these reform efforts? For our aid dollars to be effective, we need a country strategy that supports the vision of the unity government, both in development goals and in security. We need to see gains in long-term sustainable projects. We have made impactful gains in areas like women's access to education and healthcare, but we need to see economic gains that will help Afghanistan become self-sufficient.    This is a country that is dependent on foreign aid for 95 percent of its GDP. How can we continue progress toward creating jobs, rooting out corruption, creating an independent fully functioning judiciary, while we enter what could be a very difficult fighting season?    Since the Taliban's incursion into Kunduz last year, the attacks have continued. Fighting in Helmand continued, even throughout the normally quieter winter. The large-scale attack in Kabul last week was a tragic remainder of the past where truck bombings in the city were heard all too frequently. And as we enter the spring fighting season, it is now more important than ever that Afghan troops are prepared.    The continued U.S. role of training, advising, and equipping will be critical. Afghan forces have shown that they can have the capability to defend and hold territory. They are not the Iraqi military. They have not had an experience of cutting and running. And while there is still a long way to go to professionalize the Afghan security force, rooting out corruption, addressing severe allegations of sexual abuse, and making sure that soldiers are getting adequate leave and pay, I don't believe that now is the time to abandon our support for these forces.    At the same time, we have to continue to encourage reconciliation talks. President Ghani has used a tremendous amount of political capital reaching out to Pakistan in hopes of securing cooperation on the Taliban. Yet Ghani has found himself burned time and time again. In a surprising change of tone this week, Ghani stated that if Pakistan does not increase cooperation on preventing cross-border attacks, he may seek referral to the United Nations Security Council. And we are a long way from reconvening reconciliation talks, and there are many steps that need to be taken before those talks can begin.    If Pakistan wants to be a helpful partner, it must take real and actionable steps to combat all terrorism. Receiving $742 million must yield greater cooperation on what should be mutual regional security concerns. Pakistansecurity forces must treat all terrorist groups equally, not choose to turn a blind eye to some.    The conditions set forth in Kerry-Lugar-Berman in 2010 have only been met once. They have been continually waived on the basis of national security, but we have an opportunity here to seriously consider how to incentivize better cooperation. And I must say that I share the concerns of leadership of this committee about Pakistan's bid to buy F-16s with American financing.    As we go forward in both Afghanistan and Pakistan and our aid dollars decrease, we need to be sure that what we are doing is sustainable. We need to be funding the priorities of the host country, but also ensure that the host country has a vested interest in seeing projects succeed. And USAID must take the lead in prioritizing those projects.    As the number of U.S. personnel in Afghanistan decreases, we must have a clear plan how to remotely monitor existing and continuing projects. And I hope today we can hear more as to whether those efforts have been working and how we can improve on them.    We have spent a tremendous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan, and as we continue to pour billions of dollars into the region, we have to have a clear strategy that can adapt to the kinetic security situation on the ground. We owe it to the men and women who have given their lives to protect the security of this country and to the future of the Afghan people.    And I yield back. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Deutch. Thanks, Madam Chairman.    It has been reported that refugees of Afghan origin represent the second largest group of refugees trying to enter Europe. Just a couple of questions there.    First, what are the numbers of refugees? And secondly, howis the U.S. responding both politically and, Mr. Sampler, programmatically as well?    Mr. Deutch. But, Mr. Sampler, and then I have a followup, please.    Mr. Deutch. Well, if we don't--if we think that, Ambassador Olson, that the significant number of those, the majority of those are coming from other countries where they have lived, are we--I guess again for both of you, if we have seen an uptick, is it because they are looking at what is happening on the ground in Afghanistan realizing that they are not going back? And shouldn't there be a coordinated effort to address this refugee issue, given the numbers and regardless of where they are coming from, since they are ultimately all--they all originated in the same place?    Mr. Deutch. I couldn't agree more. And I would urge that that analysis, to the extent that it is being done, be done as quickly as possible and that you share it with the members of this committee.    Thank you, Madam Chairman.