    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Secretary Jewell, for being here today.    Before I give my questions, I would like to play a quick clip from our last hearing on the Animas spill.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you. Secretary Jewell, we have gotten some emails and some information, and we have an EPA/BOR Superfund program work authorization dated August 20, 2015. And there is nowhere that the things EPA Administrator McCarthy testified on here were going to be investigated.    So, I am curious. Before that last hearing we had on September 17, did you or anyone in your Department advise EPA Administrator McCarthy that the scope of the investigation would not look into criminality, intentional gross negligence, or anything of those matters?    Mr. Gohmert. That is non-responsive to my question.    Mr. Gohmert. I asked you if you, or anyone in your Department, advised her that the investigation did not include looking for whether there was criminality, gross negligence, or intentional violations. I do not need anyone here to tell me what is in the authorization that I have a copy of. That is not my question.    You had the power to gather this information that EPA Administrator McCarthy testified was being gathered. It was not being requested, it was not being gathered. You knew before the September 17 hearing that we wanted you to testify. You knew you had the power to get the information that Administrator McCarthy said was going to be gathered.    So, did you instruct anyone at all in your Department to investigate whether or not there was any criminal misconduct, intentional or negligent disregard, or wanton negligence out there at the Animas Mine?    Mr. Gohmert. You are testifying----    Mr. Gohmert . Before this committee that you do not have the power to see if one of your employees acted negligently? You do not have that power? That is your testimony?    Mr. Gohmert. The bottom line, Secretary, is that, once again, though your Department is good at holding individual Americans accountable, no one is being held accountable for this disaster.    Mr. Chairman, as a former judge, I know the doctrine of spoliation is basically an exception to the hearsay rule. We are very careful we do not let anything that is non-reliable evidence before a fact-finder. That doctrine is sound. I would advise the fact-finder in this matter that the Department of the Interior has the information within their grasp, and they have repeatedly refused to provide it. Therefore, you may take that as evidence that this Department was either negligent, grossly negligent, or intentionally violated the law.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Beyer.