    Mr. Causer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Members of the Committee.    I want to thank you for the opportunity to be here today to testify on my perspective relating to the impact of the oil and gas industry on rural economies. I was born and raised on a dairy farm in McKean County, Pennsylvania, elected to the State House of Representatives in 2002, and currently serve as the Majority Chairman of the House Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee.    In Pennsylvania, we have had what we call conventional drilling for over 150 years. In Titusville, Pennsylvania, just west of my district, is the home of the world's first oil well and the birthplace of the modern petroleum industry. The City of Bradford, best known as the home of the Zippo lighter, also hosts the oldest continuously operating oil refinery in the world.    Also in Bradford, you have to drive around a crude oil well to use the drive-through at the McDonald's restaurant. So as you can see, we have a lot of oil wells in our community, and oil and gas production has been very important in many of our rural communities, and employs a lot of people in our communities.    Starting in the late 2000s, deep natural gas wells started to be drilled, what we call unconventional drilling, came to Pennsylvania. This created many, many jobs, a lot of increased spending at local hotels and retail stores. Between 2007 and 2014, $2.1 billion in state taxes were paid from this activity. In addition, we created, in Pennsylvania, an impact fee that is levied on each unconventional well that is drilled to provide for impacts to rural communities with 60 percent of that revenue going back to the local community, and 40 percent going to the state to address impacts such as infrastructure, the environment, housing, and emergency preparedness.    This has also had a significant effect on farmers at a time when many farmers were struggling just to pay their taxes. They could barely upgrade their equipment and expand their operations. The advent of unconventional drilling gave them additional revenue to be able to expand their operations. And instead of retiring the land, they were actually able to keep it in production. So it has really benefited farmers in our state.    However, we know that the industry is in some tough times right now with the low price of natural gas. The conventional industry, the number of wells drilled has been declining steadily, and that, coupled with the regulatory climate, has been difficult for the industry in Pennsylvania. For the unconventional industry, a few years ago, we had nearly 120 unconventional rigs operating in Pennsylvania. Now, today, we are down to about 20. So the industry has seen some tough times, and there are many people unemployed in the oil and gas industry. And as you can imagine, in communities where oil and gas is the major employer, this has been very difficult.    But what is next is we have to expand our pipeline network. We have to look for additional opportunities. We have two potential Marcellus-powered electrical plants that are going to go online in Pennsylvania, and one plant alone could provide energy for as many as one million homes. So the this is an opportunity for our state. Royal Dutch Shell is also looking at the possibility of opening an ethane cracker plant, just outside of Pittsburgh, which would put thousands of people to work.    So, in summary, rural communities, like the ones I represent, have long relied on the oil and gas industry to support our local economy. And as we know, virtually every American relies on the industry as well. It is important for us to work together, whether a state government or our national leaders, to make sure that we don't over-regulate the industry. We need reasonable, responsible, regulations, but this is an opportunity for us to provide good-paying jobs. And in Pennsylvania, we need those jobs desperately.    So I appreciate the opportunity. I have provided extensive testimony to the Committee, and I would be glad to answer any questions that any of the Members might have.    Mr. Causer. Pipeline development, Mr. Chairman, is the next step, I think that is something that is very important in our state. We have a lot of areas where you can drill an unconventional well, but if you can't pipe it anywhere, it is not any good to you. So pipeline development is the next thing. But there are challenges----    The Chairman. You are talking about natural gas production instead of oil production?    Mr. Causer. That is correct, natural gas production.    But the challenges associated with permitting those projects and then dealing with the pushback from the environmental groups can be a challenge, but that is something we have to work through. Because as I said, if we can't pipe the natural gas anyplace, that is not any good to us.    The Chairman. I suspect you are going to be biased in your answer, but those regulations that you are talking about, are those best done at the state level or here in Washington?    Mr. Causer. This may sound biased, but I do believe the state is better equipped to regulate this industry than what the Federal Government is. And we have been pushing for reasonable, responsible, regulations at the state level for quite some time. So I would agree with that statement.    The Chairman. Ms. Root, will you walk us through how a royalty owner actually gets their share of the revenue from the sale of oil and gas?    Mr. Causer. It is a similar situation in that we have started addressing the infrastructure issues. We have had oil and gas in Pennsylvania and parts of it for decades, over 150 years. But the natural gas boom brought gas development to areas that had never had any development. And we did have issues with hotels, with other infrastructure, with road maintenance, and we have, by implementing what we call an impact fee in Pennsylvania, a per-well fee, we have been using that to address those impacts.    But, your point is well taken. When the price of natural gas went back down, it created a situation where we still have work to do on our infrastructure.    Mr. Causer. Well, the land-grant university, and, of course, in Pennsylvania, that is Penn State University, has been very beneficial in helping landowners throughout our Commonwealth. We have offices in each and every county in Pennsylvania, as you well know, and they have been very helpful in helping landowners plan. Because many parts of the Commonwealth saw no oil and gas development in the past, and now has, with the advent of the Marcellus and more recently, the Utica Shale has seen natural gas opportunities. So the land-grant universities have been central to helping and providing information for landowners and farmers.    Mr. Causer. You are correct. And we need all forms of energy. So your point is well taken. In Pennsylvania, we do support all forms of energy, because for our energy independence and domestic uses, we do have to promote and do what we can to support all forms of energy development, and that is what we tried to do in Pennsylvania.    Mr. Causer. In Pennsylvania, we are blessed to have the Allegheny National Forest that is over 500,000 acres. It is a very unique National Forest in that the U.S. Forest Service controls the surface, but 93 percent of the subsurface is not controlled by the Federal Government. So the subsurface is owned by private interests, or private companies, and we have had oil and gas wells on the Allegheny National Forest for many years. Our communities depend on the crude oil that comes off the Allegheny National Forest that support the ARG oil refinery in Bradford, Pennsylvania.    As I said, we depend on that, and we need to make sure that we continue to have access to those wells on the National Forest. They have been central to our communities. At times, we have had challenges, because there have been times that the U.S. Forest Service, in my opinion, exceeded its authority to regulate those subsurface minerals. And with Congressman Thompson's help, we have been able to push back against that exceeding of authority, to maintain access to those minerals.    So it has been a situation where we depend on those wells on the National Forest.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. So if I understand correctly, the land is owned by the Forest Service, but the commodity that is underneath the land is owned by private individuals?    Mr. Causer. That is correct.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Is it leased? Was it originally leased from private individuals, those rights? Or did they buy it from the Federal Government?    Mr. Causer. We have many severed estates in Pennsylvania, and that causes us some challenges also. But back in, I believe it was 1929, when there was an agreement with the state to create the National Forest, the surface was transferred to the Federal Government, but the subsurface never was. And the subsurface is privately owned by many companies, and some leased, most of it leased, to oil and gas companies.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Ms. Sims, my wife and I have been small business owners for a long time, and certainly seen changes in the rules and regulations in the industry that she is in.    Can you describe how the well services industry works, and what changes have occurred in the last 10 years, 20 years, since you have been in the business up until today?    Mr. Causer. I thank you for the question. I represent one of the more rural parts of Pennsylvania. I have communities with less than 1,000 people and nearly all volunteer fire companies. And certainly, emergency preparedness is something that is very important, especially looking at the oil and gas industry. And compressor stations are very essential, along with the pipeline network that needs to be built. You have to have compressor stations, but the proper placement, where you put those is something that is very important in the planning process.    Mr. Causer. I can't comment on that particular situation, but I do think that placement is important, and I don't know the details of where that would be. But, also, emergency preparedness for any potential incidents is something that is very important. That is why in Pennsylvania, we enacted our impact fee. And one of the proper uses of the impact fee that is assessed on the wells is emergency preparedness and emergency response.    Mr. Causer. Our impact fee is a per-well fee that is used for a host of other reasons, but emergency preparedness and 911 service, and emergency response, even for volunteer agencies, is one of the uses for----    Mr. Causer. There are many, many industries that are impacted. We are putting people to work in many different areas. And in parts of rural Pennsylvania, we put people to work just by expanding hotels and restaurants. The ancillary businesses, just supplying pipe for well development, has been a significant impact.    So there is a whole host of different industries, ancillary industries, that have benefited from this development. Obviously, the industry is at a downturn right now, but we stand ready to maximize that benefit again once things recover.    Mr. Causer. Well, Pennsylvanians are facing a regulatory challenge on many levels. Even on our state level, we have a Governor who wants to enact some of the most stringent regulations on the oil and gas industry that we have seen in a long time, and we are working hard to push back against that. So whether they be Federal or state regulations, I think that the pressure from the environmental groups are there, and we need to push back and make sure that we don't regulate this industry to the point where many, many more people would be put out of work.    Mr. Causer. I would say that the impacts are very positive, as has been stated before. Putting people to work, helping farmers, protect the land, actually giving them revenue to keep the land in production. We had farmers that would piece their equipment together, decades-old equipment, just to keep it going and now they have actually got some revenue to continue and actually expand the farm. And rather than subdivide and sell off the farm, they are keeping it in production. And so it is hard to find any negative when it is putting people to work and really helping the economy of rural Pennsylvania.    Mr. Causer. I would concur. If the well is properly drilled, which we know that most companies are operating in a proper manner, then there really is no problem. And that is why reasonable regulations are one thing; over-regulation is a real problem.    Mr. Causer. I actually feel bad for property owners in New York State, and I have heard from many of them who are very frustrated with the fact that they have this potential right under their feet and cannot maximize that potential because of the moratorium that New York State has placed on unconventional drilling. And ironically, we have a northern access pipeline that is being constructed in McKean County to take unconventional gas, natural gas from the northern tier of Pennsylvania up into the southern tier of New York. So they have a moratorium in place, but would like the natural gas from the northern tier of Pennsylvania for their homes and industries in New York State.    It is very shortsighted by the State of New York, and my hope is that in the future they will lift that moratorium to give the taxpayers in New York State and the property owners access to those minerals.    Mr. Causer. Well, we have wrestled with a number of things, and as you rightfully pointed out, we didn't want the taxpayers to pay for the inspections or the state regulators, so we assess a fee on permits so that we use those fees to pay for the regulators. Unfortunately, with the downturn, there is limited activity in Pennsylvania, and not one regulator has been laid off. So we have an abundance of regulators with our state agency.    And there have been some challenges in dealing with regulations. As I stated before, we have a state agency that has tried to push some regulations that go too far in regulating the industry, and we have had to push back against that because we need reasonable and responsible regulations. But it seems when the environmental groups get involved and start pushing, some of them actually go so far as to want to regulate the industry out of business. And we need to be mindful of that and make sure that we have reasonable, responsible regulations that are not punishing the industry.    Mr. Causer. In many ways, I think one of the biggest things that we can do is not stand in the way. Many companies are not telling me that we need an incentive for this or for that. We just need, whether it is a state or the Federal Government, not to stand in the way. And we, through regulations, we see government entities standing in the way. I think many, many things can be accomplished without incentives, but just standing out of the way and letting the private industry move forward with providing benefits to rural PA or rural America.    Mr. Causer. I have to say that I haven't given that much thought in that we have abundant water resources in Pennsylvania.    Mr. Causer. We would certainly like to send you some if we had that means to do so. So I would have to give that some thought in how we could work to help you. But I appreciate the question and would certainly give that some thought.