    Mr. Smith. Chairman Duncan, thank you very much for the hearing, as well as for my good friend Matt Salmon, and, of course, Albio Sires. This is a very important subject, and I thank you for bringing some light and scrutiny to it.    A similar type of Chinese hegemony is actually occurring in Africa as well. I chair the Africa Committee. And I am very concerned, you know, sometimes, what is China's interest in Latin America, we also have to ask what is Latin America's interest in China? Increasingly for despotic regimes in places like Sudan, it is Bashir who greatly cherishes his relationship with Beijing. And, of course, Evo Morales and so many others, the FMLN in El Salvador, increasingly.    My first trip to Latin America was three times during the FMLN wars and saw upfront and close the terrible devastation. But who was providing those funds? It was all coming from the Soviet Union, usually by way of Cuba, and violence was being used for political means.    Now China is stepping into that void with the demise of the Soviet Union, and they are doing it all over the world. The bad governance model, as you know, is being very aggressively promoted.    I was in Bolivia twice in the last couple of years working on behalf of an American who was being held captive in Palmasola prison. Went to the prison. No charges were brought against him. Eighteen months in that hellhole. And Evo Morales and his government, and I while there became even more sensitized to it, just loved Tehran and just loved China because it is a source of legitimacy, for money, and trade.    So my concerns are, you know, we will have Xi Jinping coming to the United States and visiting with President Obama in just a few weeks, very, very shortly. I am doing a hearing before he comes on China's race to the bottom with North Korea on human rights abuses. They have gotten far worse. Name the issue, trafficking, torture, the crackdown on religious belief. And then you see that they are having additional and enhanced influence in the Caribbean, as well as in the rest of Central and South America. A very, very disturbing trend because dictatorships, whether it be in Venezuela or elsewhere, thrive on that kind of cooperation with a dictatorship like China.    So my first question or big question is, what is Latin America's interest? Why are these, these guerilla movements now turned, you know, whether it be FMLN or the FSLN in Nicaragua, finding such a friend in Beijing? Twelve countries in Central and South America and the Caribbean still support the Republic of China on Taiwan. Is there pressure being put on them to sever those ties or downgrade that recognition?    And, again, when it comes to providing arms, from AK-47s to everything else, when it comes to using the Internet to surveil dissidents and people who espouse real democracy, what is China's influence there? Because they have literally written the book on how to find good people, dissidents and others, track them down, and throw them into prison.    Mr. Smith. I yield back my time.