    Mr. Baylor. Thank you. My name is Gregory Baylor and I serve as senior counsel with Alliance Defending Freedom, a non-profit legal organization that advocates for religious liberty, the sanctity of life, marriage and the family through strategy, funding, training and litigation.    I appreciate very much the opportunity to testify today regarding the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. I will focus my testimony on RFRA.    In response to a damaging and unexpected Supreme Court decision, Congress restored robust legal protection for religious exercise when it enacted the Religious Freedom Restoration Act in 1993. The coalition supporting RFRA and the foundational principles underlying it was remarkably broad and diverse.    Over 20 years later, support for those principles and perhaps for RFRA itself has notably waned in some quarters. Given this unfortunate development, I think, I believe that a look back at RFRA's enactment and the circumstances surrounding it is warranted.    Beginning in 1963, the United States Supreme Court held that government burdens on religious exercise violate the First Amendment's Free Exercise Clause unless those burdens are justified by interests of the highest order. Under this approach, the court protected, for example, the rights of a Seventh Day Adventist who declined work on her sabbath, and it protected the rights of Old Order Amish families to make religiously-based decisions about the schooling of their children.    In each case, the court understood that most government burdens on religious exercise come from facially neutral and generally applicable laws, ones that do not single out religion for especially disfavored treatment. The court acknowledged also that although important government interests were behind the laws in question in these cases, the State failed to prove that exempting these claimants would unacceptably danger what the court called paramount interests. The court also indicated that government could use other, less restrictive means to pursue its stated goals.    The Supreme Court, of course, unexpectedly abandoned this approach to free exercise in 1990 in Employment Division v. Smith, as has been said. The court concluded that facially neutral laws of general applicability burdening religious exercise generally require no special justifications to satisfy Free Exercise Clause scrutiny.    A large number of religious and civil rights organizations promptly formed the Coalition for the Free Exercise of Religion to urge Congress to restore strong legal protections for religious liberty. The 68-member, or 66- or 54-, I've heard different numbers, member coalition included the Baptist Joint Committee for Religious Liberty, the American Jewish Congress, Americans United for Separation of Church and State, Christian Legal Society, the American Civil Liberties Union, Agudath Israel of America, and the National Association of Evangelicals. The coalition drafted and advocated for legislation designed to restore strict scrutiny to Free Exercise cases. Large numbers of Congressmen and Senators from both sides of the aisle co-sponsored RFRA.    Lawmakers and advocates for the bill emphasized a number of key themes. First, they observed that pervasive governmental regulation adversely affects adherents of all faiths, large or small.    Second, they stressed that RFRA merely set forth the relevant test that judges and other government officials should apply when examining claims of free exercise. RFRA didn't dictate the results in particular cases.    Third, and relatedly, and I think this goes to some of the comments that have already been made, Congress and RFRA's diverse supporters were well aware that the statute's protections might be relevant in cases involving emotionally charged, so-called culture war issues.    Congress subsequently voted overwhelmingly to enact RFRA. It passed the Senate, as has been said, by a vote of 97 to 3, and it passed the House by unanimous voice vote.    Now, recounting this history I hope will help serve as a corrective to the current impulse to doubt the wisdom of that Congress and of the very broad spectrum of individuals and organizations who labored to restore adequate legal protection of religious exercise.    That impulse is driven in no small part by the Supreme Court's relatively recent decision in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores. In that case, of course, the court held that the Federal Government violated RFRA by threatening to impose crippling fines upon family business owners who refused, for reasons of conscience, to include abortion-inducing drugs and devices in their employee health plans.    Unhappiness with the outcome of that case has contributed to a growing skepticism, even hostility, toward RFRA and its underlying principles; indeed, those that have--that would have partially repealed RFRA were introduced last summer in the wake of the Hobby Lobby decision. Thankfully, RFRA survived.    I urge Congress to resist any further efforts to undermine the Religious Freedom Restoration's Act indispensable protection of our first freedom.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify. I look forward to addressing any questions Members of the Subcommittee may have.    Mr. Baylor. Well, religious liberty absolutely is an issue that goes across the aisle and it goes across the ideological and religious spectrums. Professor Eugene Volokh recently published a piece in the Washington Post where he reminded us of the political history of religious exemptions, and he pointed out that in the 1960's, when Justice William Brennan wrote the Sherbert v. Verner decision, this was essentially a--what might be characterized as a liberal project to put exemptions, to interpret the Free Exercise Clause to provide for exemptions from facially neutral, generally applicable laws.    Second, and more fundamentally, as I said before, government regulation affects everybody. When you have a pervasive Federal Government, State government, local government, you can't say that this regulation disproportionately affects Republicans rather than Democrats, conservatives rather than liberals, Christians rather than Jews, Muslims, Sikhs or whoever. That is not true. And that is an empirical reality.    If you go and look at the cases in the reporters, it is simply not the case that most RFRA and RLUIPA cases are ones that are brought by people on one particular side of the spectrum. Just to give some examples, there was recently a law in Alabama that prohibited everyone, including churches, including the Archdiocese, in--the Catholic Archdiocese in Alabama from serving the needs of illegal immigrants. Well, they asserted a religious liberty defense to that law. And I don't think one would characterize it as a conservative or right-wing issue.    The other RFRA case that reached the Supreme Court prior to Hobby Lobby was the O Centro case, which involved a minority religion and its use of a scheduled drug in its religious ceremonies.    And, finally, I think it's worth noting, as Professor Gregory Sisk has pointed out, that members of minority religions tend to do better in RFRA cases than the larger religions in this country. So I don't think that this is a right-left culture war kind of issue, and I think the bipartisan coalition that came together reflects that.    Now, what has changed? I think the short answer is that some folks who were back in the coalition in 1993 have simply subordinated religious liberty to other interests and objectives.    Mr. Baylor. To Dartmouth College and Duke Law School.    Mr. Baylor. We claim we own it, even though we don't.    Mr. Baylor. I'm not, actually.    Mr. Baylor. I'm from New York.    Mr. Baylor. Yes.    Mr. Baylor. What was my group done to attack adultery?    Mr. Baylor. I----    Mr. Baylor. I would agree with you, sir, that adultery certainly undermines the institution of marriage.    Mr. Baylor. I don't think it's the case that we're in a political environment right now where someone could seek to criminalize adultery, but ADF does support the family. We work with allied organizations that do all that they can to keep marriages together, to keep marriages together for the benefit of the children and for the folks who are in those marriages.    Now, ADF as a matter of its own institutional policies tries to encourage those who are married to have strong marriages.    Mr. Baylor. Well, we haven't published a list of all the threats to marriage and ranked them in any form or fashion.    Mr. Baylor. We're dealing--we're dealing with the cultural moment. I don't happen to be on the marriage team at ADF, but we protect the institution of marriage. We think it's important for the upbringing of children. That's why the institution exists, is to create an environment in which children can best be raised.    Mr. Baylor. No, not at all. I think you--I encourage you to read a book that was published by Professor Robert George at Princeton, and his coauthors Ryan Anderson and Sherif Girgis where they lay out the case for marriage. And one of the points that they make is that sort of the template, the model, the ideal of marriage can be one thing, and it doesn't necessarily mean that every single marriage has to be geared toward procreation and toward protection of children. We're talking about setting an ideal setting, a model setting.    Mr. Baylor. Well, I would--I would not agree, and I think the authors of that book and other advocates for marriage would say that that is not in and of itself the government's interest in regulating the institution of marriage. The government does not have a particular interest in relationships per se. It has an interest in how children are raised, and that's the reason why what they call conjugal marriage. I encourage you to read that resource. It's very useful.    Mr. Baylor. Well, there's been some interesting scholarship about what the framers meant when they said ``happiness,'' and I suspect it meant something more profound than enjoying a Steely Dan concert.    Mr. Baylor. I doubt that.    Mr. Baylor. But I think many of the clients that Craig and Lori and I represent pursue happiness through their religious exercise, and they want protection from the government to be able to do that without undue interference. And my concern is that without a statute like RFRA that protects us at least from the Federal Government, we won't be able, our clients won't be able to pursue happiness in the manner they deem fit.    Mr. Baylor. Absolutely. As Chairman Franks said in his opening remarks, religious liberty is our first freedom and it is the foundation on which all of our freedoms rest. It presupposes that there is a God and that we have a duty----    Mr. Baylor. I do not. I think that the Framers of the First Amendment recognized the importance of all parts of the First Amendment. They had their own purposes----    Mr. Baylor. Are you referring to Free Exercise and Establishment?    Mr. Baylor. Yes. Yeah, they are both important to protecting liberty----    Mr. Baylor. Well, obviously, the Employment Division v. Smith case was a grave disappointment. And we are grateful that Congress responded with the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. And they have interpreted correctly, I believe, in the O Centro case, 8 to nothing; the Hobby Lobby case, 5-4, a little bit closer.    I would submit, if you're asking about this, that there are certain Establishment Clause cases, particularly in the '70s and the '80s, that were wrongly decided, and there are still some problems out there in Establishment Clause jurisprudence. But I think the Court has done some things to correct some of its prior errors from the '70s and the '80s.    Mr. Baylor. You know, your question raises precisely the analysis that RFRA was designed for.    Now, I don't know. Your premise is that this clinic, or this shelter, would for some reason refuse to provide services to lesbians. That has not been what we have seen in the United States in recent history.    What we have seen is individuals who are operating in commerce not refuse to serve gays and lesbians but rather to be coerced by the government to participate in the celebration of a marriage ceremony that they object to. So I think the premise does not really reflect what is happening in reality.    But the next questions would be: What burden is the operator of the shelter articulating, and is it sufficiently substantial? Then, if they proved that, it would turn to the government to prove that it's necessary to force this shelter to provide those services, and a judge would decide that.    Mr. Baylor. I think it does. And that's what's really disturbing about some of these arguments that are being made about Hobby Lobby, is, you know, we tend to think it's about contraception, but, actually, the objection that was made by Hobby Lobby and by Conestoga and by many of the over 300 plaintiffs that have challenged the mandate is that they don't want to facilitate access to abortion.    And this hypothetical that you have spun out is not a hypothetical. It is a reality. The District of Columbia now has adopted a law that will require all employers, including the Catholic Archdiocese, including Catholic University, including Alliance Defending Freedom, to pay for all elective abortions. California has done the same thing. So we need protection from it.    Mr. Baylor. Well, there was a lot of difficult line-drawing that folks on the other side of the Hobby Lobby case were trying to engage in during that litigation. And it was pointed out that corporations--I think everyone agrees that at least some corporations have religious liberty. Many churches are incorporated. The Christian school that my daughters go to is incorporated. So you can't say that all corporations don't have religious liberty.    And then you have this prospect, as you talked about, of sole proprietorships. And is it really the case that we're going to say that someone who incorporates or has a sole proprietorship as a Kosher deli can be forced by the government to do things that violate their religious convictions?    The lines just don't hold up. We should keep it as it is.    There was an amicus brief in Hobby Lobby that explained that when RLUIPA--I'm sorry--when RLPA, the predecessor statute, was considered, Congress understood that RFRA protected commercial entities. They tried to change that and failed.