    Mr. MCGOVERN. Thank you.    You know, the hard reality is that we can and we must do a better job in fighting hunger and poverty in America. For 7 years now I have called for a White House conference on food, nutrition, and hunger. Holding a White House conference like this would be a major step forward in our effort to reduce hunger and poverty by better connecting the dots amongst Federal and State agencies, nonprofits, faith-based communities, schools, hospitals, and the business community. Such a conference would help us better understand and meet the needs of the millions of Americans struggling to put food on the table and to help them transition to a better place.    Being poor in America is hard work, and quite frankly, our safety net has some holes in it, and it must be strengthened to meet some of our families' most basic needs. Talk to those who run our food banks. They will tell you that at the end of every month SNAP families are at their doors because they can't afford to purchase any more food.    And while we all want to encourage work, let's state for the record that a majority of those on SNAP are kids, elderly, and the disabled. They are not expected to work. Of those who are expected to work, more than half do. Among those who work, 58 percent work full-time for 6 months or more after receiving SNAP. Remember that the next time you hear someone claim that SNAP recipients don't work. About 60 percent of SNAP recipients who are expected to work do work for 6 months or more after receiving SNAP benefits.    The real problem is that those who work earn so little that they still are eligible for the program. I believe that if you work in this country, you ought not to live in poverty. Where is the outrage over lousy wages? And yes, Pope Francis, and I agree with him, said: ``Where there is no work, there is no dignity.'' But what about the indignity of low wages, of working hard two, three jobs, and still living in poverty?    No doubt this is a complex problem, and I think American families deserve more, but that means talking about raising the minimum wage to a livable wage so that workers can earn enough to support their families, and it means creating a sustainable path to phase out safety net benefits only after they are on solid footing.    Some of my friends have suggested we lower the marginal tax rates. An easy way to accomplish that is to extend phaseout ranges for programs in addition to SNAP, which I am sure some of my friends might not be crazy about because it will cost more. But without that critical investment, any changes in SNAP could hurt the program and actually make poverty worse.    I am all for flexibility too, but if flexibility is code for block grants, I have got a big problem with that. Too often this results in anti-hunger programs like SNAP being underfunded and our most vulnerable families being left behind.    Passing the buck to States, finding more ways to avoid adequate Federal investments in battling poverty solves nothing. Cutting SNAP as we did last year in the farm bill, cutting funding for job training, not permanently extending key features of the EITC or Child Tax Credit, these are dangerous policies that have often been presented by some of my colleagues as solutions.    These ideas make me nervous about what the majority is up to, and everyone at today's hearing should think carefully about the consequences of such reckless approaches to the very programs that are essential to helping America's most vulnerable families get on the path to the middle class.    And I thank the chairman.    Mr. MCGOVERN. Well, thank you. And I appreciate your answer to Mr. Doggett's question, because I think--you know, I think we want to be clear here, that when people are talking about block granting programs, they are not talking about expanding the resources that States have to be able to do more. And, you know, earlier, I think Ms. Netus was talking about Ms. McCorkle's issue with day care. But that was--that was a problem with the day care block grant in Maryland. And my colleague from Illinois, Mr. Davis, when he comes back, might be able to respond with some information about how Illinois is doing a better job with their day care block grant. But it points out, I think, how States have to make tough choices when it comes to block grants that are--you know, that don't mean that we are expanding resources.    On the issue of the cliff, I understand, because I bumped into people, you know, who have told me their stories. But the challenge is, the problem they talk about is that the benefits earn--end too soon. They would like them to continue. I think that is something--I think we should have that discussion. But let's be honest, that is going to require additional resources, which I think--I don't know where the mind set of the current leadership in this Congress is, but it is probably not in that direction.    But, Ms. Golden, I mentioned in my opening statement that I think if you work in this country, you ought not to have to live in poverty. And it infuriates me that, you know--that there are too many workers in this country who earn such abysmally low wages that we tolerate here, in some cases even encourage by some of our policies here, but these people still qualify for a lot of these benefits, including SNAP.    The American taxpayer is subsidizing low-wage work in this country. Can you talk about how raising the minimum wage to a livable wage might actually help people transition off of SNAP? Because a livable wage is what we want here. It is not just going to get people into the workforce. We are doing that, and people are still so poor. How do we--how could that help here?    Mr. MCGOVERN. By the way, I am talking about a livable wage.