    Mr. Mica. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I salute you. Also Mr. LoBiondo. You have taken on a tough challenge. We have tried to do this over the past three decades, as you have heard.    Everybody is in agreement that FAA, as it is currently structured to oversee and operate air traffic control, is dysfunctional. I think we are living on borrowed time. We are going to have a major incident.    At the bottom of the barrel are our air traffic controllers. The working conditions for our air traffic controllers are shameful.    You were in Canada, you said, Mr. Bolen. Some of you have been there. We are so far behind. The way we treat our air traffic controllers--I used to have to go out--and I know they still have the same lousy working conditions. I remember going to, like, the Atlanta TRACON , mold growing there. That is no way to run a system in the 21st century, in 2016.    Now, we have some disagreement on how we restructure this. And we have got to come together, guys.    Mr. Poole, we are falling further and further behind, internationally. I don't want to adopt the Canadian system, I don't want the German system, I don't want the U.K. system. We need a system design that works for the United States. Right? And this is important, economically. If we lose our edge here, we will lose manufacturing. We will lose technology. We will lose opportunities for employment. And we will be left behind.    We are still writing a--aren't we, Mr. Poole, a ground--1950s radar-based system, and the rest of the world is looking at----    Mr. Mica. Yes. Here, here. I held this up at the press conference. Here is my--this--Mr. Rinaldi, isn't this what we are operating with, paper strips?    Mr. Mica. It is shameful. Now, I know there is disagreement. Some of you are getting pressure. The biggest pressure is probably general aviation, and they want to be treated fairly.    Mr. Bolen, if we can come up with something that satisfies your concern about the financing not going into user fees or not overburdening general aviation, could you cooperate?    Mr. Mica. No----    Mr. Mica. I know, but----    Mr. Mica. OK----    Mr. Mica. And if some of the----    Mr. Mica. Well, currently--Mr. Calio, the commercial aviation, passenger aviation, you are 7.5 percent, and the other money you put into the trust fund is about 94 percent, is that correct?    Mr. Mica. And what percentage of the flights in the airspace do you have?    Mr. Mica. And general aviation, what do you contribute financially?    Mr. Mica. And what number of flights do you have?    Mr. Mica. But we----    Mr. Mica. We can come up with a fairness ratio. We can guarantee that we are not going to overburden general aviation and have the user pay a fair fee. You don't want it to be a user fee, but you pay through primarily fuel tax, right?    Mr. Mica. So you would like better representation, too. That is another element that you would like to see on the proposed board, right?    Mr. Mica. Yes or no? I mean----    Mr. Mica. No. Again, what do you want? Don't tell me it is fundamentally flawed. I am trying to put together something that will work. You have got an air traffic system that is headed for disaster. It is going to happen, I am telling you.    Tell us what you want. So something in finance, better financing, a guarantee, and then you want better representation. Those are a couple major things gathered from your testimony and what I have seen. Right?    Mr. Mica. Yes, and public access----    Mr. Mica. OK. Well, what I want from you guys to give to the chairman--the two chairmen and Mr. DeFazio--is the positive things that we can agree on. We have got to make a good attempt to get this done.    I am telling you, you are living on borrowed time. This is not fair to our air traffic controllers. We are using paper slips, technology that is dated back to the 1960s and 1970s that should be replaced. The system is on the verge of melting down.    And then to--the biggest concern I have is also losing our place. Right, Mr. Poole? Say it again to these folks, because they don't seem to get it, not only that unsafe system behind the technology, but as far as our place in aviation, which we have always led, we will not lead. Is that correct, or----    Mr. Mica. Exactly, exactly.    Mr. Mica. I yield back the balance of my time, and I look forward to working with the chairman. Bring these guys together and Members. We have got to get it right. Amen.