    Mr. Duffy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just to reiterate, I believe when Chairman Hensarling asked the panel who had insurance experience, if I recall, it was Mr. Woodall and Chair White. Is that correct?    And if I asked the panel to point out the one insurance expert of all the witnesses today, who would you point to?    Yes, Chair White?    Mr. Duffy. Thank you. I would probably agree with you, Chair White.    Mr. Duffy. Does it concern the panel that the one person with insurance expertise is the one individual who dissented in the designation of Prudential and MetLife? Or, Chair Matz, as you say, that really doesn't matter because we are not looking at the insurance side, we are looking at the financial services side?    Mr. Duffy. Did they vote on FSOC?    Mr. Duffy. No, that is right. So Mr. Woodall, who does vote, was the one dissenter--    Mr. Duffy. Who is the one with insurance expertise, which is concerning.    Does the panel--I think the panel has all agreed on the oversight front that Congress is entitled to do oversight over FSOC. Is that correct? You all agree with that?    Our committee, under the signature of the chairman and every single subcommittee chairman, sent a letter to Jack Lew asking for 13 different points of information from FSOC.    There was partial compliance with a couple of those. Does the panel disagree that if we have already gone through a designation process, that Congress is not entitled to non-public information?    You guys don't disagree with that, do you? Why aren't we getting this information? Why aren't FSOC members complying with our request?    It is concerning for our panel. If you are concerned about the questions that you get today about the transparency of FSOC, it is because the elected members of this body don't have timely compliance or any compliance from Mr. Lew or any of you.    Can--would you--if there has already been a designation, if we are asking questions about AIG, Prudential or GE, I can--you can make the argument that with MetLife there is litigation, so we don't want to give you that.    You might say that. I won't agree with that, but fair enough. AIG, Prudential and GE, will you comply with our requests about the analysis that went into the designation process? The memos, the correspondence, all that information? Everyone here, will you comply with that request?    Raise your hand if you will comply with the request to provide us that documentation.    I have no takers. So, why not? Mr. Gruenberg, why not?    Mr. Duffy. Chairman Gruenberg, listen. Do you know that there was a recent attack, some alleged by ISIS, in San Bernardino?    Mr. Duffy. You are aware of that, correct? Do you know that this body gets intelligence briefings from the FBI in regard to ISIS and terrorist attacks?    Now, I would argue that American lives are in danger from these radical extremists. Does anyone argue on this panel think that anyone's life is in danger from the work that you do on the FSOC?    Mr. Duffy. Raise your hand. Is anyone's life in danger? And so we can get FBI briefings but you won't give us briefings on the analysis that has gone into designation of certain companies in America?    Mr. Massad, will you explain that to me? Why am I entitled to briefings on ISIS and not on FSOC designation?    Mr. Duffy. No, no. Explain why I get ISIS FBI briefings and you can't send me information on designation.    Mr. Duffy. No, no. The FBI sends me non-public information, as well.    Mr. Duffy. Are you making decisions that affect someone's life?    Mr. Duffy. Is ISIS affecting people's lives?    Mr. Duffy. I would think that is far more serious. And the information that we are entrusted with is far more serious than the information you have and aren't complying with.    Mr. Duffy. One quick question. The Bank of England sent a letter to FSOC asking questions about why Berkshire Hathaway is not being considered as a SIFI. Some have argued they have political clout in this town. I think Barack Obama said he is a great friend.    Is there a political analysis and connectivity with people in power that go into the determination of designation on FSOC?    Quick answer, maybe, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Duffy. Anyone?    No. I yield back.