    Mr. Turner. We will come to order.    General Williamson, General Murray, General Walsh, General Shrader, Mr. William Taylor, we have agreed that we are all going to put our statements into the record so we can go directly to you. I understand that we are going to be having--are the votes called or they have been?    Not yet. So it is our hope that we can get through all of the opening statements and perhaps a few questions before we have to adjourn for votes.    I believe we are turning to General Williamson first.    General Williamson. Chairman Turner, Ranking Member Tsongas, and distinguished members of the Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, thank you for the invitation to discuss the Army's fiscal year 2017 ground force modernization programs, and for this opportunity to appear with our Navy and Marine Corps counterparts.    We are proud to work with them in a number of critical areas, including the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle program. With me today is Lieutenant General Mike Murray, the Army Deputy Chief of Staff, G-8. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for making our written statement a part of the record for today's hearing.    Mr. Chairman, the Army's number one priority is readiness. This means that we can no longer equip and sustain the entire force with the most modern equipment. This is a fact based on our current fiscal situation. Still the Army will focus its investments on supporting elements of readiness, which include key modernization programs. Equipping is and will always remain a critical component of readiness.    Our equipment modernization strategy is focused on five capability areas. First, aviation, which I know we will not discuss today, but remains a priority for the Army. Second, a robust network. That network has to be protected against cyberattacks.    Key investments in this area include the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical that provides us with networking on the move; assured position, navigation, and timing for trusted information while operating in conditions that may impede or deny access to the Global Positioning System; communication security; and offensive and defensive cyber operations to protect our networks in cyberspace.    Third, integrated air and missile defense to defeat a large portfolio of threats that range from small UAVs , cruise missiles, ballistic missiles, mortars, and even threat aircraft. Key investments in this area include air and missile defense battle command systems, an indirect fire protection capability, and modernization of the Patriot system.    Fourth, our combat vehicle modernization provides future Army maneuver forces with increased mobility, survivability, and lethality. Specifically, the Army is investing in a ground mobility vehicle, mobile protective firepower, Stryker lethality upgrades, and the armored multi-purpose vehicle.    We are also incrementally modifying and modernizing existing systems to increase capabilities and to extend service life with improvements to the Abrams, the Bradley, and the Paladin systems.    Finally, the Army will continue to address emerging threats by investing in mature technologies with the greatest potential for future use. These areas include the Modular Active Protection System, electronic warfare, and combat vehicle prototyping.    We continue to protect our science and technology funding so that the next generation of breakthrough technologies can be rapidly applied to our existing or our new equipment designs.    While other services man equipment, the Army equips soldiers. Even with our modernization budget being at historic lows, our equipping mission remains essential. We cannot put our soldiers at risk by not providing them with the right equipment at the right time and the right place to accomplish their assigned missions.    Mr. Chairman and distinguished members of this subcommittee, we greatly appreciate and thank you for your steadfast and strong support to the outstanding men and women of the United States Army, our Army civilians, and our Army families.    This concludes my opening remarks, Mr. Chairman. We look forward to your questions.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    General Walsh.    General Walsh. Thank you, Chairman Turner and Ranking Member Sanchez--I don't think she is here--and distinguished members of the subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify today before you on the Marine Corps ground modernization portfolio.    Joining me today is Brigadier General Joe Shrader, Commander of Marine Corps System Command, and also Mr. Bill Taylor, our program executive officer for Marine Corps Land Systems Command. I would also like to recognize our Army counterparts, Lieutenant Generals Williamson and Murray, who I work very closely with.    It is essential to comment on our shared commitment on our programs together, and I would also like to comment on our reinvigoration of our Marine Corps Board, which I think will help the subcommittee in the future to ensure that our two services remain closely aligned on our programs.    The Marine Corps faces a challenging future operating environment with the Army in which peer and near-peer adversaries approach parity with some key capabilities. Anti-access and area denial capabilities will proliferate, becoming cheaper, more lethal, and harder to target. Hybrid adversaries with masked signatures will fight in distributed fashion in densely populated urban littorals.    The U.S. satellite-based capabilities may be degraded or denied. Cyber threats will target the digital networks that are essential to the way we currently fight. And adversaries will leverage advanced commercial off-the-shelf technologies to out-cycle our acquisition process.    Information warfare will exploit global communications and social media, and we will face all of these challenges in an era of reduced manpower and fiscal austerity.    Our ground vehicle modernization strategy is to sequentially modernize priority capabilities, reduce equipment inventories wherever possible, and judicially sustain remaining equipment. The future security environment requires a robust capability to operate from the sea and maneuver ashore to the positions of advantage. The Amphibious Combat Vehicle program enables us to do so. It is the Marine Corps highest ground modernization priority and consists of two increments.    This program when coupled with improvements to our existing fleet of assault amphibians, generates a complementary capability, set of capabilities, to meet the general support lift capability and capacity requirements of our ground combat element.    The second highest priority within our portfolio remains replacement of our HMMWV fleet that is most at risk, those trucks that perform a combat function and are typically exposed to enemy fires.    In partnership with the Army, the Marine Corps has sequenced in the JLTV program to ensure affordability of the entire ground combat tactical vehicle portfolio, while replacing 5,500 units of the legacy HMMWV fleet with the modern tactical trucks prior to fielding the first increment of our Amphibious Combat Vehicle. These core Marine Corps modernization efforts have been designed in a manner to ensure their affordability.    Finally, the Ground/Air Task Oriented Radar that combines five current programs will enhance our ability to command and control across the Marine air-ground task force. This solution allows us to support an air defense, air surveillance, counter-targeting, counter-fire, air traffic control missions through simple software swaps on a single piece of hardware, a much more expeditionary solution than numerous radar solutions we currently have.    It will increase our sensing and sharing effectiveness across the range of military operations, supporting missions in high-end conflict, hybrid warfare, and low-intensity conflict, and thus enabling the command and control of our forces.    Thank you again for this opportunity. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Turner. Thank you both. We have been informed, by the way, that votes will not be occurring so we are going to be able to slow our pace down a bit.    As you are all aware, the budget debate is gripping Capitol Hill currently. The budget proposed by the President that was expected to come in concert with our 2-year budget deal, was expected to have a number of 574 as the base number.    It has fallen $18 billion short of that, and Congress is dutifully working to restore that $18 billion in the base budget number. However, it is my understanding that DOD has already been proceeding along the lines of the President's proposed budget, which is, of course, includes the $18 billion shortfall.    It is my understanding, General Murray, as a result of our meeting yesterday that the Army's share of that shortfall was approximately $3.1 billion. Could you please provide the subcommittee with more details as to which programs and capabilities were impacted by this reduced budget request? Since Congress is diligently working to put those dollars back it would aid us in our ability to understand what is at risk.    General Murray. Yes, sir. Thank you. So we went back and did some homework based upon our conversation yesterday, and it is actually closer to $3.4 billion. And the easiest way to explain that because as you build a program and we got the BBA about the early November timeframe, we were weeks away from dropping the 2017 budget to OSD . So we had a very short time to work on it.    But it is $3.4 billion and that is based upon what we said we needed to meet the requirements we have been given versus what we got under the BBA 2015 agreement for 2017. It covers a lot of categories. It covers military personnel account, which is a very small amount. It covers operations and maintenance, training. It covers research and development and acquisition accounts, and it covers facilities accounts.    Specific to your question, within the RDA account it was about $570,000--I am sorry, $570 million and it was primarily where we took that cut was in aircraft modernization.    So we went back and took Apaches, took a cut in Apache modernization. We took a cut in Black Hawk modernization, and we took a small cut in CH-47 modernization. Kept everything in compliance with the multiyear contracts, but basically brought aircraft modernization production to the floor to account for that cut. But $3.4 is really the answer to your question, sir.    Mr. Turner. Thank you. That helps us again in the debate and advocacy to try to restore those dollars with an understanding of what is at risk.    General Murray, I also understand that the Army wants to redirect funding within ERI from operation and maintenance to procurement in order to begin the modernization of Abrams tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles to better deter against threats from Russian aggression. Can you please explain this plan and do you require any specific authorities from the Armed Services Committee?    General Murray. Sir, we are going to work with Congress, obviously, and it is a reprogramming action of the dollars that were given to us for the European Reassurance Initiative. Once again, we came up with a plan and this was a late-breaking in the program development last year. We came up with a plan to put unmodernized equipment as part of the equipment bill in Europe with the prepositioned stocks.    We went back and looked at that plan after we had some more time to do it and decided that we would be better off putting modernized equipment. So the original plan was to take unmodernized equipment, bring it to 1020 standards, and then send it over as the first installment of what will eventually become a division minus set in terms of prepositioned stocks.    In order to make modern equipment, we now have a plan to use what is already over there in the European activity set, bring that back to APS, the Army Prepositioned Stocks, use brigades to rotate into Europe on a heel-to-toe rotation, which we have the funding for in the ERI OCO account, and then take the equipment we were going to send and use that to go to the next generation of tank and Bradley. So the Abrams A-3 and the Bradley V-4 to kind of jump-start that production.    So it is about $250 , $245 million we just need to reprogram RDA OMA , just change that over. So it is not an ask for more money than what is already in there. It is just a reprogramming action, and we would appreciate the help with that.    Mr. Turner. For my last question, General Williamson, I am assuming the Army's planning to start an APS test and evaluation program that would integrate technologically mature systems on Abrams, Bradleys, and Strykers.    Could you please provide us with an update on this program and comments on its schedule? And is this program fully funded in fiscal year 2017?    General Williamson. Sir, thank you for the question. So the Active Protection System program, we are actually taking a dual path. So we have an established program that is called the Modular Active Protection System . It really gives us an approach that allows us to look at a soft kill looking at obscurance, looking at electronics in order to defeat threat missiles targeted at our systems. And then it continues to graduate into the hard kill, that is kinetic, being able to shoot down missiles fired at our equipment.    The intent of the MAPS program, though, is to develop a very modular system that we can apply to the wide range of combat vehicles that we have in store. That is a 5-year program, sir, which we started last year from an S&T standpoint. And so it will be a couple of years before we are comfortable with that system being able to be applied to our combat vehicles.    So in the interim, the second part of our strategy is to look at existing active protection systems, both domestically produced and even those that our allies have. We are now bringing those in this year and characterizing those on our systems to understand the performance, understand the integration effort, so that we can have a capability a lot quicker than the 5-year timeframe. So our goal is to have capability within 2 years.    Mr. Turner. Excellent. Well, I think the members of the committee are all well aware that Israel has already in Israel deployed systems that are at least a good starting point for our discussion. We look forward to your evaluation----    General Williamson. Yes, sir.    Mr. Turner . Of those systems.    Ms. Tsongas.    Mr. Turner. Excellent question. Thank you.    Mr. LoBiondo.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Cook.    Mr. Turner. Turn to our next questions. I want to just read the list so people know where they are on the list currently for asking questions. We have got Mr. Takai, MacArthur, Graham, Gibson, Walz, McSally, Moulton, Walorski, and then Duckworth. That is the current order.    Mr. Takai.    Mr. Turner. Okay.    Mr. MacArthur.    Mr. Turner. Ms. Graham.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Gibson.    Mr. Turner. Ms. Duckworth.    Mr. Turner. Ms. McSally.    Mr. Turner. Thank you. Let us begin our second round of questions.    General Walsh, in the beginning of the questioning I asked General Murray to respond to the issue of the budget debate that is ongoing. As you are aware, there is an expectation that the 2-year budget deal had a floor base budget amount of 574. The President's budget request came in $18 billion under that. Congress has continued to have a debate about replacing that $18 billion taking us back to 574.    General Murray and the Army had given us numbers indicating that their portion of that $18 billion, if it is restored, was $3.1 billion. And I understand in response to your questions to Mr. MacArthur on the unfunded requirements list that you have not yet prioritized. Have you yet determined what your portion of the $18 billion shortfall will be?    General Walsh. Specifically the $18 billion no, I would have to get back with you an answer on what we figured out. We have got our unfunded list and what that priority and how much we have on that, but I don't think it is tied exactly to the $18 billion.    Mr. Turner. But as when my questioning to----    General Walsh. Right.    Mr. Turner . General Murray obviously it would be helpful because as we go to restore the $18 billion, being able to understand to what extent that restores a portion of your budget and what the priorities would be on the unfunded requirement list it gives us an ability to evaluate the benefit of being able to restore those funds. Thank you, General.    Turning to Ms. Tsongas.    Mr. Turner. Thank you. We appreciate your presentations today, and we will be adjourned.