    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here, for your service.    I am concerned about these actions, mostly because of what it does with the trust that the general public has with law enforcement, and I assume that you have the same concern. It seems, at a time when we have this 24-hour news and we have all these issues that are happening in America, that continuing to talk about these issues is bringing down the trust that the American people have in your agencies, and I don't want that. I want the opposite. I want people to really feel like they are being empowered and being protected by your agencies.    Mr. Horowitz, I have a few questions for you. In your written testimony you discuss the lack of clarity regarding off-duty conduct for agency personnel and relate that these conduct requirements have not been updated since 1996. I understand that clarity for off-duty conduct is vital. However, don't you find that a little bit troubling, that these agencies would require more training and more clarity just to determine that hiring prostitutes is not the right thing when you are protecting the President of the United States?    Mr. Labrador. But what is it about the culture that would tell you that that is okay without clarity? I guess that is where I am having a hard time. To me, that is pretty clear. I don't need any additional training to let me know that I shouldn't be doing that.    Mr. Labrador. So, can you describe the type of training, and quickly, the type of training that you feel will effectively prevent these instances of inappropriate conduct?    Mr. Labrador. Okay. So if the offenders felt that this behavior was okay despite a set of clear expectations, why weren't they reported every time? What is missing from the reporting requirements that we need to change?    Mr. Labrador. So if the issue is that the expectations were not clear, and you say that the expectations have not been updated since 1996, why hasn't that been done since 1996? Why haven't we updated the expectations on a regular basis?    Mr. Labrador. Do you think there have been more instances of inappropriate conduct that were simply not reported because the expectations were not clear?