    Mr. Forbeck. Good morning, Chairman Shimkus and Ranking Member Tonko and members of the subcommittee. My name is Michael Forbeck, and I am president of the Association of State and Territorial Solid Waste Management Officials, ASTSWMO, and I am here on behalf of ASTSWMO to testify.    ASTSWMO's association represents the waste management remediation programs of 50 States, 5 territories, and the District of Columbia. Our membership includes State program experts with the individual responsibility for the regulation and management of solid and hazardous waste.    Thank you for the opportunity to provide testimony on the EPA final rule on disposal of coal combustion residuals from electric utilities. The rulemaking has been of longstanding importance to ASTSWMO. We were very pleased to see and are in full agreement with EPA's promulgation of the final rule under Subtitle D of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act.    The focus of my testimony is on the issue of dual State and Federal regulatory authority we see as the result of the final rule's self-implementing construct. We are not offering testimony on specific technical requirements in the rule, as groups with ASTSWMO are looking at these as well as beneficial-use components, and we will have additional input on the specific provisions at a later time.    EPA has issued the rule under Subtitle D, part 257, which is self-implementing. The RCRA statutory basis for part 258, however, governing municipal solid waste landfills includes requirements for States to develop and implement a permit program to incorporate the Federal criteria and for EPA to determine whether those permit programs are adequate to ensure compliance with the criteria.    In ASTSWMO's comments to EPA regarding the 2010 proposed rule, we pointed out that self-implementing standards would set up a dual State and Federal regulatory regime for owners and operators that would be problematic for the effective implementation of the requirements of the CCR facilities. ASTSWMO recommended that a final rule under part 257 include explicit language that EPA views compliance with a State program that meets or exceeds the Federal minimum criteria as compliance with that Federal criteria.    We appreciate EPA hearing our concerns about dual State and Federal regulatory authority and their efforts, working within the bounds of their statutory authorities, to provide a mechanism through the State solid waste management plans to address our concerns. However, we see difficulties with the State plan mechanism, which are as follows:    One is timing. In order for States to adopt these minimum standards by amending their solid waste management plans, thereby avoiding dual regulatory authority in theory, the process would have to be completed within 6 months of the date of publication of the final rule in the Federal Register. This is insufficient time, since the potential lengthy public participation process involved in the submission of State plans under 40 CFR, part 256, could preclude a timely approval even if it went smoothly. So there would still be dual State and Federal implementation for a time period past 6 months.    Solid waste management plans also fall short on full State implementation because, even after passage and approval of the plans, as stated in the preamble of the rule, EPA approval of a State solid waste management plan does not mean that the State program operates in lieu of the Federal program. Thus, the plans would not fully alleviate dual implementation of State and Federal standards.    In the preamble, the EPA states that a facility that operates in accordance with an approved solid waste management plan will be able to beneficially use that fact in a citizen suit brought to enforce the Federal criteria. This is subjective and speculative, as no one with absolute certainty can predict a court's decision. Further, citizen suits filed in different jurisdictions can result in individual courts interpreting the plan and rule differently, thus rendering different decisions that lead to inconsistent implementation of the rule.    There is also a concern that more sections of the solid waste management plan than the narrow reopening of the plan to incorporate CCR rule would be reviewed by EPA and potentially require additional revisions to the State plans that may be beyond the scope of CCRs.    ASTSWMO believes that legislation such as H.R. 2218 that was passed by the House in the last Congress would provide for the certainty of State primacy in implementation through State permit programs for CCR, enforceable by the State, and provide a clearer and consistent understanding of the permitting and enforcement rules of the State. State permit programs for CCR would have the additional benefit of allowing flexibility for States to have regionally appropriate State standards.    In conclusion, we appreciate EPA's decision to regulate CCRs under Subtitle D and providing a mechanism within the confines of part 257 for implementation of the rule by the States. However, the revision of the solid waste management plan does not fully eliminate dual implementation of CCR regulatory programs. ASTSWMO looks forward to working closely with the EPA and Congress regarding the CCR rule implementation.    Thank you again for the opportunity to provide this testimony, and I will be here for questions.    Mr. Forbeck. Well, as I testified, we have a real issue with the implementation because we feel it still would be a dual process. And it would be very confusing for the States. They have to decide whether or not, one, they are going to even open up their solid waste management plan, and even if they do, will that really even alleviate the dual regulatory regime? We do not think it will.    Mr. Forbeck. That was ours.    Mr. Forbeck. Right.    Mr. Forbeck. That is correct. The issue is it is not just a simple fix, that we open the plan and it is approved. It is a public participation process, which is fine, but that will take some extra time.    Mr. Forbeck. Yes. Actually, I am very family with the Little Blue Run. This is for me--for Pennsylvania. I actually signed the consent decree going through the procedures to close this facility.    We actually had been looking at that site long before the suit was filed. And if anything, that is what is the beauty of the system that we have in place is that we have groundwater monitoring; we have air monitoring; we have all these factors that are in place that we are constantly looking at a facility. We are constantly looking at the compliance of that, and, therefore, it is a moving target. At one point, it may be one thing; at another in the future, it may be another. But we have those monitoring points in place that can tell that.    So, yes, we actually had started enforcement procedures before that, and because of this and the issues that we found, we are--they are actually closing the largest coal combustion impoundment in the United States in an environmentally safe manner.    Mr. Forbeck. As far as ASTSWMO and our members, we feel--we are all in favor of minimum Federal standards. We feel that the codification of it and the certainty of it is the key point that was missing in all this. No, we do not think that citizens will lose their ability to have public forum or further appealing of decisions. No, we feel that will continue.    Mr. Forbeck. Well, at ASTSWMO, we shared very similar feelings. We were involved heavily with the correspondence and comments to EPA about the rule, and as was just said, we do appreciate B and D. It is the implementation under the solid waste management plan that was our concern. It does not have certainty that we wanted to see.