    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you so much for being here today, Ambassador. To date, the sanctions that have been imposed on Russia have had really little impact on Putin's decision making. The administration has stated that additional sanctions are being considered, but without the commitment of some our allies, some of our European allies to enforce those sanctions with us or impose sanctions as a body, the likelihood of those sanctions having much effect are not real great.    Are there other sanctions that the administration is considering and do you believe that it will impact Putin's decision making in the near term? You stated in your opening comments that what has really impacted him is the price of oil and that it has really brought their economy to their knees.    So I am wondering if maybe it is time also for us to consider our policy in selling natural gas to our European allies. The process just hasn't moved very quickly. And one of the reasons I know that Germany has been so reticent to allow us to sell arms or provide arms to the Ukrainians is because of their heavy reliance on natural gas from Russia. Same thing has been true on support of sanctions. Isn't it time for us to just really pull out the stops and start selling LNG to our allies in Europe?    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman. Well, as you know most U.S. LNG now goes to Asia because the price is higher. Under the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, if we have a deal between the 28 Europeans and the United States, then they would go to the top of the queue in terms of acquiring LNG. But it is a fair point whether we could or should do more.    With regard to sanctions, we have not yet changed his decision making decisively but we are having a profound effect on the Russian economy and we do think it is the trifecta of sanctions, low oil prices and 15-plus years of economic mismanagement in Russia. I can go through some of the statistics but I think you know them. Foreign currency reserves down $130 billion just over the last year. Credit at junk, inflation running 15 percent, and 40 percent in food prices.    So he is--Kremlin policy is under stress here which is why it is important to keep these sanctions in place and to consider deepening them. We are, as I said, working now with the Europeans on what more we would do sectorally if we do not see Minsk implemented, if we do not have an end to the ceasefire violations, if we do not have a heavy weapons pullback, on and on. But also even deeper sanctions if we have a further land grab, and we are, as I said, watching these at-risk villages on the road to Mariupol, et cetera, now. And our sanctions team is in Europe this week.    Mr. Salmon. The chairman mentioned in his opening statement that we made a pretty ironclad promise to Ukraine when they agreed to get rid of their nuclear arms, and to date the U.S and NATO response to the Russian aggressions has been pretty muted at best. In fact, out of the $118 million of non-lethal assistance the U.S. pledged last year, my understanding is only half of it or about half of it was delivered by year-end.    Don't you believe that there will be long-term consequences for the U.S. and NATO if we fail to live up to our commitments to defend our allies? And when are we going to make that decision as far as whether or not to provide at least defensive weapons to Ukraine? I know that question has been asked and hopefully that is something you carry back to your boss. Because as far as we are concerned nothing is going to get better unless we step up to our commitment to honor the promises that we made. And my feeling is nobody is going to trust us in the region if we don't honor those commitments.    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you, Congressman.