    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding the hearing.    First of all, before we get to Mr. Judd, has the situation gotten worse? Is the violence just as bad in Mexico as it's been? Mr. Starr, what do you say?    Mr. Mica. But right now.    Mr. Mica. Okay. Ambassador Moser.    Mr. Mica. Overall it's not getting much better. Is that right?    Mr. Mica. But overall it's still a pretty violent country?    Mr. Mica. Ms. Saarnio, same thing? Same assessment?    Mr. Mica. And there are places that are worse?    Mr. Mica. Thank you.    Mr. Mica. Mr. Harris?    Mr. Mica. A dangerous place. Well, I read all the testimony. Mr. Judd, I think every Member of Congress should read yours. I think it's an incredible assessment.    Also, a little bit historic; I chaired Criminal Justice and Drug Policy from 1998 to 2000 and was in Mexico, and we had information at that time from the President's office to the cops on the street; corruption was prevalent. Unfortunately that's pretty much the same situation that we have today, but your report details it very well.    Startling is the number of 2014, you outlined the number of convicted criminals, and you cite the increasing number of criminal aliens coming across. Now we're better able to detect them, but the numbers are astounding. It says to put the figure in perspective, in 2014 the Border Patrol apprehended and arrested just under 500,000 illegal immigrants. Meaning one in every five arrests last year was a criminal alien. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. So to get arrested, they had to be in and caught. Right?    Mr. Mica. That's absolutely astounding. Simple math, that's probably 100,000 criminal aliens entering the United States. Basically it's out of control. And then you said that there--what can the Oversight Committee do to improve it. You said there has to be consequences. Right?    Mr. Mica. And there aren't consequences. I was stunned to find out the fact that Mexico is one of the most important illegal immigrant and narcotics transit points in the country. How many agents do we have in Phoenix?    Mr. Mica. None. You know, the other thing too is, there has to be consequences. How many consulates do we have? I counted about nine in Mexico. Is that right? I think we should close every one of those consulates immediately. Put the property up for sale. I think you have to have some consequences for actions. The place is out of control.    I just read--well, you cited the helicopter shooting at a U.S. Helicopter; right, and Chairman Chaffetz had helped on that, Mr. Harris. And in your report, I think, Mr. Judd, you said they actually shot down a Mexican helicopter the month before. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. And most startling, we heard the chairman, one of the missionaries down there shot yesterday, the 43 kids that were turned over by local authorities and shot or killed and then their bodies burned or destroyed, and this week or so I guess ago they just produced sort of a whitewash report on what took place.    And one of the leaders, of Mr. Jimenez Blanco was found dead about 2 weeks ago. He was interviewed by CNN just a couple of weeks ago and said that last week, Jimenez told CNN--Mexico that more than 100 bodies had been found hidden in graves in the area since October, decrying a worsening security situation.    So it doesn't sound like it's getting much better. They're even killing the people who are trying to do something about the injustice and slaughter that's going on in Mexico. Is that correct, Mr. Judd?    Mr. Mica. And finally, Mr. Chairman, just I read this week, I think most of the illegal marijuana is still coming in from Mexico. But, congratulations, we just passed this past week, I saw the report that our young people, our students, more of them are now hooked on marijuana than on cigarettes. Congratulations.