    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much.    Mr. Secretary, General Dunford, thank you for your service to our country. I will ask my questions quickly and you can use the time remaining to answer them, if you could, please. And the four topics will be Russian propaganda, ISIL's growth, the State Partnership Program, and survivor benefits.    On Russian propaganda, I read, General Dunford, your statement in the testimony: ``The Russian military presents the greatest challenge to U.S. interests.'' I agree. I want to express my own deep concern about Russia's well-funded and organized propaganda war in Ukraine, the Baltics, Europe, and even here in the West. And I observe the West's approach to confront that force of hybrid warfare is fragmented and underfunded.    Can you respond, potentially review what is being done across various departments, design a strategy to counter Russia in their efforts, including assigning a lead in the administration to this task, working with our allies?    Number two, on the State Partnership Program, I think it is one of the most effective tools in working with our European allies to meet the challenge we face in Europe. Ohio, for example, our Guard has a relationship ongoing with Hungary and Serbia, California with Ukraine, Illinois with Poland. What does the budget do to facilitate this growing capability that is essential, really, to carrying out our activities in that realm?    Thirdly, describe the development and size of ISIL as a terrorist force and the motivation for what seems to be drawing additional adherents. And I would appreciate for the record what is DOD's view of victory in Syria.    Ms. Kaptur. And finally, on the matter of survivor benefits, I was recently contacted by a veteran constituent with three children who is an Afghanistan veteran herself at the E7 level and has PTS, she is a Gold Star wife due to the death of her husband in Iraq in 2004. Under current law, a required offset in payments between her dependency and indemnity compensation and her survivor benefit plan annuities prohibits her from receiving the full amount of both. For the record, let me also state five percent of military widows remarry, 95 percent of widowers do.    For women with children, it just seems to me there ought to be something going on at DOD that would help those who have so nobly served our Nation. So I wanted to put that on the record. And if you can't fully answer it here, I appreciate it in your written reply.    Ms. Kaptur. So first on the Russian propaganda issue.    Ms. Kaptur. Huge. Huge.    Ms. Kaptur. I hope, Mr. Secretary, with that endorsement, that you will find ways to broaden it, to fully utilize it, particularly in those places which are so much at risk right now.    And on the propaganda front, I really hope in your position you can lead an administration effort to be a little more coordinated, not just DOD, but we need a strategy to totally combat the propaganda that is flooding nations like Ukraine. It is not in our interest, it is not in liberty's interest to have this continue without an equal response, and the West's response is very anemic compared to what is coming out of the Russian.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Welcome, General. It is good to see you again. And, obviously, acting Secretary the Army, our dear colleague, Mr. Murphy, Patrick Murphy, great to see you here today.    I am going to ask the general a question about the capability of our U.S. Army versus the Russian Army. In sum, how do you look at these two capacities?    General Milley. Right now, the Russian military, not just their Army but military writ large, has embarked upon a program of modernization that began at the beginning of the century sometime; I will peg it at around 2003, 2004, 2005, something like that. What they did was they saw what happened to the army of Iraq as a result of our capabilities in 2003. They went to school on our capabilities, and then they began a very rapid modernization. So they are reorganizing. They are bringing on new equipment. And this is not just army, across their entire military, and they brought in new doctrine.    Their military today is significantly better than it has been since at least the fall of the Berlin Wall. They are quite capable. And they have got significant capabilities, which are--I prefer not to go into specifics here--but just to say that they are significantly more capable than they have been at any time in the last 25 years.    Ms. Kaptur. I am very interested in their propaganda campaign across Ukraine and adjoining nations. What is the Army doing to counter organized Russian propaganda efforts in Ukraine, Eastern Europe and the Baltics, as well as even this country? And what might we do to help you?    General Milley. The Russians are definitely being very aggressive in information space and through all means of national power, but specifically one of them is information that they are using very aggressively throughout Eastern European but not just Eastern European; in other parts of the world.    What are we doing about it? General Breedlove, as you know, is the Commander of United States EUCOM and the SACEUR, Supreme Allied Commander Europe. He has a comprehensive strategy--theater strategy--that he has worked up. And we are part of that. And, again, I would ask to defer any specifics to a classified session. But we, the Army, are contributing to his overall campaign plan in the information space and, more broadly, in other domains as well.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you. And I would like to ask for--in relation to the National Guard State Partnership Program, what additional authorities would you need to expand the SPP mission to include assistance to Ukraine, countermessaging efforts, helping with internally displaced persons, humanitarian mission, and, obviously, joint exercises?    General Milley. Yeah. So what we are doing broadly--and it is in this budget; it is in the Secretary of Defense's budget--with the European Reassurance Initiative, which he has increased 400 and some-odd times from the previous submission. The whole purpose of that is to get after what you are talking about relative to Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. We are taking it seriously. We want to get after it. So we are rotating not just State Partnership Program, but it is broader than that. We are going to rotate heel to toe a conventional brigade over there from the Active Force. We have already got the 173rd, and we have got the cavalry regiment in place there. And we are cycling through other capabilities and enabler type capabilities. In addition to that, we want to put prepositioned stocks of equipment up to division, division minus size, and we will put that over there.And then what we are asking for is additional 12304 moneys in this budget in order to operationalize the Guard. The Guard is a very key component of the entire program, not only in Europe but elsewhere in the world. But specific to Europe, they are fundamental. These State Partnership Programs have proved to be hugely valuable because they have got linkages and connective tissues into all of these armies of Europe. So it is a very valuable program. We have asked for additional moneys so we can get more man years to deploy the National Guard. It is not a question so much of authorities. It is a question of being able to fund National Guard and Active Duty for these exercises and rotational deployments.    And I guess the last thing I would said is we have got the 4th Division out of Fort Carson, Colorado, and part of their division headquarters over there also as an additional command and control know how to do that. But the whole series of initiatives are important, and we will ask for your continued support of those.    Ms. Kaptur. I want to thank the chairman for his support of the upgrades and procurement for the Abrams tank. We had to fight that battle in this committee. They said we would never have another land war; we would never need anything like this again. And I appreciate what you have included in your budget request, General and Secretary, in that regard.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to associate myself with the chairman's support and Congressman Womack and others of the State Partnership Program. Ohio is partnered with Hungary and with Serbia. And my only observation is, in view of what is happening in Ukraine, I would just urge those in command to think hard about, for example, if States like Ohio that are partnered with Hungary could use that opportunity to help Ukraine, even by shipping humanitarian goods, to look at integration of some of those activities on the ground. Same is true with Serbia. Just some thoughts where we have a will but perhaps the structure that currently exists doesn't think that way. It is too cordoned off just based on the geography of each of those partnerships.    So that is just a statement. And I really love that program.    I have one request for the record, and then two questions, if I might. On the 12304b rotations, the European Reassurance Initiative calls for a large increase in the use of National Guard and Reserve soldiers and airmen to fulfill rotational requirements. But I am concerned that the code used to activate them does not provide the full range of benefits, health care, education, retirement as for other enlisted levels.    General Grass and General Talley, can you please outline and answer to the record for us the difference in benefits our soldiers and airmen receive under this code versus a combat deployment? And what is the cost difference to restore these benefits to our troops? So that will be for the record.    Ms. Kaptur. Then, in terms of total force integration, I wanted to ask, outside the district I represent is the 180th Fighter Wing, and for the first time in its history has an Active-Duty command officer. By all accounts it is going very well. But I want to ensure that our National Guardsmen are getting the opportunities they deserve. And so I am wondering if you could tell us how many Active-Duty commands are filled by National Guard officers and what is the timetable for integrating more of these positions across both the Army and the Air Force.    And then my second question deals with innovative readiness training. Both the National Guard and Reserves have many assets that could be put to use in our local communities on local projects and at the same time provide valuable training. Youth Challenge comes to mind in particular. But it seems to take an awful long time to get any kind of approval from the Secretary of Defense.    What can be done to delegate the approval for these projects to the State level or to speed up the timeline at the national level to ensure that the communities most in need and the missions most beneficial to unit training are approved in a timely manner?    So, first, on the total force integration, the integration of the Guard in the Active Duty, and then, secondly, innovative readiness training.    General Grass. Congresswoman, if I could, in January I was visiting Guam for a ribbon-cutting ceremony on a new facility. And while I was there, I ran into the 180th Wing. The squadron was there supporting PACOM and Air Forces Pacific, an outstanding unit commanded by an Active-Duty colonel who will be coming out of command here shortly.    General Neal can give you a little more detail of our plan way ahead because General Welsh wants to go ahead and offer an Active command to a Guard officer now.    General Neal. Congresswoman, currently there are no Air Guard commanders of an Active-Duty wing. There will be an announcement imminently by General Welsh of an Air National Guard colonel who was selected to command an Active-Duty wing. But I don't want to get ahead of the chief of staff of the Air Force. So it is imminent.    Ms. Kaptur. That would be a big help.    General Talley. So, ma'am, there was a lot packed in your questions. And so thank you for that.    But, Congresswoman, the first thing I would say, there are lots of different mobilization authorities. And so the bottom line upfront is, hey, when a soldier, a citizen soldier gets mobilized, shouldn't they have the same benefits? You shouldn't find out after the fact that you didn't quite get the same deal. So I am going to hand this to you, but I will come back for the record. This is a very good summary of everything you just asked on one slide for you. And we have to fix this.    Ms. Kaptur. Thank you.    General Talley. You are welcome, ma'am.    And switching over, break to the second question, the Army Reserve does innovative training all the time. We don't have a problem getting it approved and getting the authorities. We do MedRed missions all over the world since we own most of the doctors and nurses. We just did a big medical support in southern Missouri. I think I got asked at the Senate last week about what we were doing. We just did something with the Indian reservation, Native American reservation in Montana.    I can give you for the record, we will send you a list of all the examples we are doing. We have no problem getting authority and approval for that. It is just good old title training.    Ms. Kaptur. All right.    You know, Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to say something. I am glad this is being broadcast. This is an example, this committee, of Congress working well, but it doesn't get enough publicity. The publicity that goes out there is so negative and very destructive to our country, in my opinion. I want to thank you and I want to thank the ranking member for bringing us together as a committee and conducting the business of the country. I am proud to serve on this committee, and I am proud of each of you gentlemen and the forces you lead.