    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, and I thank the witnesses for being here today and for your testimony.    Question: When we talk about cybersecurity and these breaches whether in the private sector or in the government, and whether we describe them as hackers or something more sophisticated, every time this is done either in the private sector or to a government agency or entity, would you describe that as criminal behavior? Is that a violation of a state or federal statute in some respect?    Mr. LaHood. And I guess as a follow-up to that then, you know, if we look at, you know, traditionally when there's criminal behavior that is engaged in, eventually there's somebody held accountable or responsible. There's a prosecution, there's a legal process that happens. I guess the question to you is, are you aware of a successful prosecution where somebody's held accountable, where there's a deterrent effect? It seems like there's no penalty, there's no pain, there's no consequences to anybody that engages in this activity. Yeah, Mr. Clinton?    Mr. LaHood. And I guess, is there anybody that's leading the way on that, Mr. Clinton, out there either, internationally or here domestically? I mean, where are we at with that process?    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    Yeah, Mr. Wood?    Mr. LaHood. Yeah, but why are we waiting around for that? It would seem that this is ongoing, there should be some standards set to do that instead and it doesn't sound like there's a framework in place to even address that.    Mr. LaHood. And can you point to me in the Commonwealth of Virginia where there's been a successful prosecution or that deterrence has been put in place in Virginia?    Mr. LaHood. Okay. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. LaHood. Go ahead.    Mr. LaHood. And in your case--I appreciate you mentioning that--was there actual individuals held accountable? They're in prison right now?    Mr. LaHood. And are they in the United States in prison?    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, and I now recognize Ms. Bonamici.