    Ms. Walden. Thank you, Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and committee members. On behalf of Farmers Investment Company (FICO) and the Green Valley Pecan Company, I appreciate the opportunity to address you today on public lands issues in the vicinity of the border.    I am happy to be associated with the hard-working farmers and ranchers that are here with me at the table. Thanks to them and us, I might add, we have the cheapest and safest food supply in the world, and we work hard at it.    FICO is a major agricultural enterprise founded by my husband's father, Keith Walden, almost 75 years ago. Today my husband, Dick, is President and CEO. I am General Counsel, and both our children, the third generation of Waldens, are active in the company. We employ 260 permanent workers, many of whom are also second- and third-generation employees for us, mostly of Mexican-American descent. Spanish is the chosen language in our plant and on our farm; and we do hire some additional workers during the harvest season, usually 50 to 60, which are integral to our operation.    We are the largest integrated grower and processor of pecans in the world. Our pecans are known worldwide for their quality. The FICO headquarters is located just over 40 miles north of the border, and our home ranch is just less than 30 miles from the border. We have a horse and cattle operation with 160 acres of private land and a 6,000-acre state grazing lease. Our proximity to the border gives us firsthand experience with border security challenges, and we know the difficult job the Border Patrol and other agencies are tasked to undertake.    Like many Arizonans, we also have a special relationship with our land. Both our business and ranch are located near the Coronado National Forest, a major recreation venue for the residents of Tucson, Green Valley, and the surrounding areas. I had some brochures passed out so you could see how beautiful this land is, and how historic.    I want to point out that, in our West, our public lands are significant economy drivers. Current Border Patrol strategies, particularly permanent checkpoints, are adversely impacting rural communities and public lands.    I agree with the Chiltons, that we would like to see the border secured at the international border, but border security legislation should not compromise the protection of civil rights and quality of life for those living in the border region. After all, Mexico is our third-largest trading partner. We buy pecans, for example, from growers in Mexico; our employees travel back and forth to do this, my husband travels back and forth to do this. This is good for Mexico and it is good for the United States.    And finally, comprehensive immigration reform is essential and inexorably linked to border security.    I think that any examination of border security issues related to public lands must consider the economic value that it adds. For example, in our area, tourism spending generates $3.6 billion in economic activity annually, and employs over 30,000 individuals in southern Arizona. Wildlife activities, including hunting and fishing alone, generate over $1 billion annually. While public safety is a paramount concern, we must also consider the economic consequences of legislation addressing border security. As you know, all too well, these are very complex, multi-layered issues.    I mentioned our concern about permanent fixed checkpoints, which drive traffic into our farms, ranches, and communities. I have personally witnessed high-speed chases right through my front lawn--except we have gravel in Arizona, we don't have lawns--and it really is questionable, some of these chases and tactics undertaken by the Border Patrol in areas that are populated.    That is not to say that we do not appreciate their efforts, but I think the rapid staffing up and, sometimes, lack of training for people have caused situations where we have Border Patrol lost on our property within a quarter-mile of the major freeway, or asking us for directions. So that needs to be considered, as well.    My understanding and my experience is that we have an excellent ranch liaison, and that the relationship between the Border Patrol and public land managers has evolved into a very constructive and well-coordinated one, as Mr. Andrew described.    I realize there is a perception by some that the Border Patrol is locked out of public lands. But I tell you, people who spend time on public lands in our area find this assertion amazing, because we see the Border Patrol everywhere on a daily basis, and in our communities.    I also want to say that the Homeland Security enjoys what is characterized as ``the broadest waiver of law in American history,'' that Congresswoman Dingell referred to. We are very concerned about some of the pending bills in the House that would unilaterally waive laws, and deny those living in the border region protections of those laws. And our employees have suffered, as a result of some of those laws.    I would be happy to answer any additional questions. Thank you.    Ms. Walden. Yes, I will. I think that we are seeing examples of migrating wildlife. We are in a major biological diversity area in this valley. You are correct, that they do migrate north and south and south to north. And, as I pointed out in my testimony, it brings a great deal of economic activity to our region, which is important as well--from hunting, bird watching, wildlife watching, photography, et cetera.    Building more walls and more roads--many ranchers like ourselves are concerned about this, because when you build more access areas like roads, the smugglers use them, too. This is an example of what is so complicated about walls and roads. I think our former governor said, ``When you build a 12-foot wall, we will find a 14-foot ladder.'' And, literally, when you cross over at the ports, you see big trucks with extension ladders on the top of them going all through parts of town.    So, I would just say that the simple answers are not always so simple. I live daily with the consequences that my neighbors here describe, and I am concerned, too. But we have to work together so that we do not destroy the most important resources our country has for future generations.    Ms. Walden. Absolutely. We are never going to eliminate crime 100 percent; but we have seen a sharp decline in crime and violence, particularly in the last 5 years.    Ms. Walden. We have to work together. I just want to stress that. Our economies along the border are dependent on each other, Mexico and America. We could not do our farming and ranching without the labor, again, that mainly is of Mexican-American descent. They have the skills, they have the work ethic, and they have the ability to work hard on the farm; and, as we all know, that is hard work.    So, it is very important that we respect the culture, economy, trade, and inter-relationship between these two countries, and also to realize the climate of fear that some of these policies create among our workers when they are stopped and harassed unnecessarily by Border Patrol, for example. I could provide many examples of this, some of which I put in my testimony. But that does not do anyone any good. It detracts from our mutual goal, which is to lift up the economy of Mexico and to create a thriving economy and opportunities here in the United States.    Ms. Walden. In my opinion, no. As our former Governor Napolitano said, ``When you build a 12-foot wall, they will find a 14-foot ladder, or they will tunnel under it, or they will find other ways to get around, if we don't have a comprehensive system of identifying who is valid to be in this country and who should not be.''