    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And this is a very important hearing. We're here today because foreign cyber spies are targeting millions of our Federal workers. OPM has made it clear that every month, there are 10 million efforts to pierce our cyberspace. These folks are hacking into our data system to get information about our employees, private information about them, their families, their friends, and all of their acquaintances. And they may try to use that information in their espionage efforts against United States' personnel and technologies.    Mr. Chairman, I want to start by thanking you. Last week, we held a hearing on cyber attacks against OPM. And this week, we have an opportunity to hear from OPM's two contractors that also suffered major data breaches, USIS and KeyPoint. Some people in your shoes might have merely criticized the agency without looking at the whole picture, but you agreed to my request to bring in the contractors. And you deserve credit for that, and I thank you.    On Monday night, I received a letter from USIS' representatives finally providing answers to questions I asked more than 7 months ago, Mr. Giannetta. Seven months ago. Seven months ago. Their letter disclosed that the breach at USIS affected not only DHS employees but our immigration agencies, our intelligence community, and even our police officers here on Capitol Hill.    But it took them 7 months, the night before the hearing, to give me that information but not only to give me the information but Members of Congress that information. My immediate concern was for the employees at these agencies. And I hope that they were all alerted promptly. But there's no doubt in my mind that USIS officials never would have provided that information unless they were called here to testify today.    So I thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    I have some difficult questions for USIS. I want to know why this company paid millions of dollars in bonuses to its top executives after the Justice Department brought suit against the company for allegedly--allegedly--defrauding the American taxpayers of hundreds of millions of dollars. I can hardly wait for the answer. I want to know why USIS used these funds for bonuses instead of investing in adequate cybersecurity protections for highly sensitive information our Nation entrusted to it.    Mr. Giannetta, I want to know if you as the chief information officer of USIS received one of those bonuses, and I'd love to know how much it was and what the justification for it was. I understand that you just returned from Italy. Welcome back. So this is probably the last place you want to be. I also understand you are leaving the company in a matter of weeks. But I want to know why USIS has refused for more than a year to provide answers to our questions about the board of directors of its parent company, Altegrity.    Mr. Hess, I also have difficult questions for you, for KeyPoint. At last week's hearing, I said one of our most important questions was whether these cyber attackers were able to penetrate OPM's networks using information they obtained from one of its contractors. As I asked last week, did they get the keys to OPM's networks from its contractor?    Yesterday, Director Archuleta answered that question. Appearing before the Senate Appropriations Committee, she testified, ``The adversary leveraged a compromised KeyPoint user credential to gain access to OPM's network.'' So the weak link in this case was KeyPoint.    Mr. Hess, I want to know how this happened. I appreciate that OPM continues to have confidence in your company, but I also want to know why KeyPoint apparently did not have adequate logging capabilities to monitor the extent of data that was stolen. Why didn't you invest in these safe guards?    Mr. Chairman, to your credit, one of the first hearings you called after becoming chairman was on the risk of third-party contractors to our Nation's cybersecurity. At that hearing, on April 20, multiple experts explained that Federal agencies are only as strong as their weakest link. If contractors have inadequate safeguards, they place our government systems and our government workers at risk.    I understand that we have several individuals here sitting on the bench behind our panel of witnesses who may be called to answer questions if necessary: Mr. Job, who is the CIO of KeyPoint; and Mr. Ozment from the Department of Homeland Security.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for allowing them to be here.    As we move forward, it is critical that we work together. We need to share information, recognize when outdated legacy systems need to be updated, and acknowledge positive steps when they do occur. Above all, we must recognize that our real enemies are outside of these walls. They are the foreign nation-states and other actors that are behind these devastating attacks.    And, with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Giannetta, I will get to you in a minute.    But I want to talk to you, Mr. McFarland. And I want you to hear me very carefully, listen to me carefully. There have been, after our last hearing on this subject, members on both sides have wanted to ask for Ms. Archuleta's resignation. And I asked that we not do that, but we have this hearing so we could clear up some things and because I wanted to make sure we were all hearing right, and we are being fair.    This is my question. You have one opinion, and Ms. Archuleta, Director Archuleta, and Ms. Seymour have another opinion. You seem to say they need to do certain things in a certain order. They say they think the order that they are doing them in is fine. They say they can do certain things in a short time. You say it's going to take longer. You also say that they don't have the necessary stream of funding that they may need.    This is what I want to know. Is this a difference of opinion with regard to experts? You understand what I am saying? You have your set of experts; they have their set. Is it a difference? Do you deem it a difference of opinion? The reason why I mention from the very beginning about the desire of certain members of our committee to ask for Ms. Archuleta's dismissal is because I want you to understand how significant that answer is because there are some members who believe that you have made recommendations and that those recommendations have been simply disregarded.    And so can you help us with that, Mr. McFarland? Do you understand my question? You look confused. Don't be confused.    Mr. Cummings. Oh, good. You always look that way. Okay. Go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. But it's a very important question.    Mr. Cummings. But is this a difference of opinion?    Mr. Cummings. Let me ask you this. You heard Ms. Archuleta give a whole list of things that she is doing or about to do, I think naming a new cyber officer and whatever. Does that satisfy you as far as your concerns are involved?    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Mr. Giannetta, your company, USIS, and its parent company, Altegrity, have a lot to answer. According to the Justice Department, USIS perpetrated a multimillion dollar fraud, orchestrated at the highest levels of the company. USIS failed to protect sensitive information of tens of thousands of Federal employees, including people in the intelligence community and even the Capitol Police. And Altegrity doled out millions of dollars of bonuses to top executives during the fraud and after the data breach.    I want to question you about USIS and Altegrity's pattern of refusing to cooperate with this committee and our requests for information. Last week, the committee invited Altegrity's chairman to testify. Do you know what he said?    Mr. Cummings. I will tell you. He said no. He refused.    In 2014, a team from the Department of Homeland Security asked Altegrity if they could scan the networks of Altegrity's other subsidiaries because the cyber spies were able to move from USIS to those other subsidiaries.    Mr. Giannetta, do you know how Altegrity responded?    Mr. Cummings. Yeah, that's right. They refused. They would not allow DHS to examine the other Altegrity subsidiaries. Mr. Giannetta Altegrity is your parent company at USIS. Who at Altegrity made decision to refuse the government's requests?    Mr. Cummings. Well, can you find out for us?    Mr. Cummings. How soon can we get that information?    Mr. Cummings. I will just ask you get it to us within the next 24 hours. I would like to have that. We have been trying to get it for a long time. I would like you to tell the committee the names of the specific members of the board who made the decision. All right?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Giannetta, you are about as close--we have been trying to get this information for a while. You are all we got. I know you are just back from vacation from Italy. Did you get a bonus, by the way?    Mr. Cummings. Oh, my goodness. How much did you get?    Mr. Cummings. You can tell me.    Mr. Cummings. All right. Your company also refused to provide answers to questions that I asked at a hearing in February 2014 and again by committee letter, dated March 18, 2014. Mr. Giannetta, do you know what your company representatives said when the committee attempted to get these answers?    Mr. Cummings. Let me tell you. They sent an email sent to our committee staff, and Altegrity's attorney wrote, ``The company does not anticipate making a further response.'' Would you know why they would say that?    Mr. Cummings. It sounds pretty arrogant to me. So let me ask you right now the same question I asked back in February of 2014, more than 16 months ago. Name the members of Altegrity's board of directors who decided not to answer those questions. You wouldn't know that either.    Mr. Cummings. So you are still working for USIS. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. How long will you be there?    Mr. Cummings. And will you try to get me those names?    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cummings. Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Cummings. Why was it made so fast?    Mr. Cummings. And was there other companies that could do just as good a job? I am just trying to figure out how we got that company.    Mr. Cummings. Will the gentleman yield?    I just want to clear this up, because you just said some things that--you talked about my staff.    Mr. Cummings. And it is my understanding that they did get back to us, but for months--for months, some back-and-forth because you all did not want to agree to the scope of the meeting.    And then, just recently, because of this hearing, you finally said, scrap the limitations on the meeting, the scope, and we'll meet.    And so I don't want you to, you know--I don't know whether you have the information or what, but I want you to be accurate.    Mr. Cummings. Well, then your information is inaccurate.    Mr. Cummings. The gentleman yield?    Mr. Cummings. I think the gentlemen gets to the point that I was trying to get to a little bit earlier. And the question becomes we have got Mr. McFarland saying that--I think he used the word ``dangerous.'' Is that what you said?    Mr. Cummings. We are heading down a dangerous path.    Mr. Cummings. And when you say ``dangerous,'' you are saying we are headed for some very serious trouble. Is that a fair definition of ``dangerous''?    Mr. Cummings. So, Ms. Archuleta, our problem is this: We sit here, and we have got an IG who we believe in and trust. The IG is saying that you need to take his advice, and what you are doing is not going to get us there, as a matter of fact, may harm us. Am I right, Mr. McFarland?    Mr. Cummings. So you have put us in kind of a difficult situation. We have now been given notice as Members of Congress that we are headed down this path by somebody who we rely on. You disagree with him, but then you expect us to be supportive of you. No, no, no. Listen to me. That's a problem because now you put us in a kind of bad position.    So that means that if this happens again, problems get worse, then people say: Well, wait a minute, Chaffetz, Cummings, you all were sitting there. You heard what the IG said. I mean, why did you let this go on?    That's the position that we find ourselves in. And so I don't care whether you like each other or not. That doesn't matter to me. A lot of people get along. The question is it sounds like you are refusing--no, no, answer me now; I am going to give you a chance--to do what he has asked you to do because you disagree. But on the other hand, he is saying that we are going down a dangerous path. I mean, come on now. Do you have a comment?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. McFarland, haven't you told her that before? Is this new?    Mr. Cummings. But, I mean, you told her the urgency of the moment.    Mr. Cummings. And the problems that we are having and where you see it heading.    Mr. Cummings. Well, come on now.    Mr. Cummings. I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. I will be very quick, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much. I want to go back to this contract. Winvale got this contract. Is that right, Ms. Seymour?    Mr. Cummings. What was the process? It doesn't smell right. Something doesn't smell right about this contract. Winvale gets it, and then they turn around and CSID, what?    Mr. Cummings. And you didn't know about Mr. Li?    Mr. Cummings. You didn't know of his apology for losing 99.7 percent of $60 million went viral?    Mr. Cummings. In March?    Mr. Cummings. And so the question becomes--I mean, do you think you should have done some better due diligence?    Mr. Cummings. And, Mr. McFarland, this concerns you I take it.    Mr. Cummings. And why is that, sir?    Mr. Cummings. I appreciate that. I just have one statement real quick, Mr. Chairman. I want to conclude by thanking you again for agreeing to invite the contractors here today. We have obtained some significant information. But there are also many, many unanswered questions. We asked USIS for information they have refused to give us for more than a year. Mr. Giannetta promised to help us get those answers. But I am concerned that he may not be there in a couple weeks. So we may need to follow up with USIS' parent company, Altegrity.    We also asked KeyPoint for documents we originally requested months ago. And you pressed them to provide those documents. I think you understand how frustrating it has been for me over the past year. So I thank you for your help, for agreeing to invite them, for helping us get the information we need. We will prepare questions for the record for today. And I hope we will be able to get all of these answers. And I really do hope it won't require a subpoena.    With that, I thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Hess, I want to make sure you are going to get us some documents. We have been requesting documents a long time. I want to make sure what documents you are going to provide us. Are those the ones we have been asking for?    Mr. Cummings. I can't hear you.    Mr. Cummings. All right. Thank you.