    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for this hearing and to each one of the witnesses for their useful testimony in making the issues before us very clear. I will be honest. The current jurisdiction of the ITC does seem at odds with manufacturing practices. I mean, if you have an American company that does some of its manufacturing overseas, it is still an American company, and that is frequently the case. So I am just not seeing what the value added is to have dual jurisdiction. And I think the idea that if you filed or you could have filed as an exclusion of jurisdiction makes a lot of sense to me.    I also think in terms of, you know, I do not think eBay got enough credit for what it did. I mean, eBay is a company in my district and they spent a lot of money and a lot of time pursuing a case they could have settled and successfully, and it did a world of good for the whole technology sector because prior to eBay, it was extortion time. And that potential for extortion exists, I think, in the ITC. That does not mean the Commissioners even see it because it is happening before it gets to you. So that is an additional reason not to undercut what the Supreme Court did. And I think we have got that situation now.    But I want to talk about another issue, and it relates to copyright. It is been reported last year that some copyright holders were considering using the FTC to force IS Internet service providers to block allegedly-infringing websites. Now this was a proposal that would trample the safe harbor protections in the DMCA. But it also was a remedy that Congress rejected in the Stop Online Piracy Act.    And I am sure all of us who were in Congress at that time remember the complete meltdown in the Congress. The phones were off the hook. We got seven million emails in an hour, and the country was up in arms about it. So, I understand that the Federal Circuit Court overturned the ITC decision. They have just rejected en banc a rehearing.    But I am wondering if we ought to make it very clear to the ITC that they do not have jurisdiction over digital transmissions to avoid--I mean, the fact that they would do something like that is shocking to me. And, you know, for the survivors of the SOPA markup here, and I am sure the Chairman recalls it very well, we do not want to get in that environment again. Dr. Morton, I mean you are nodding your head, what--do you have a comment--anybody who wants to comment on that I would welcome the----    Ms. Lofgren. Sure. NPE is a verb, not a noun.    Ms. Lofgren. Right?    Ms. Lofgren. Right.    Ms. Lofgren. I agree.    Ms. Lofgren. But I think it is simple just to say what value does the duplication provide? I mean, we have a general bias against forum shopping and that is really what this is.    Ms. Lofgren. Sure.    Ms. Lofgren. I did not know that.    Ms. Lofgren. Correct.    Ms. Lofgren. Well, I just think the whole adventure into this area is very troubling to me. And, Mr. Chairman, I think we ought to talk about whether we should make it clear that we do not want the Commission to do what Congress decided not to do and at least as a possibility. And I see my time is expired so I yield.    Ms. Lofgren. I would yield, of course.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.