    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, in less than 3 days, the Department of Homeland Security is going to run out of funding. At that time, critical security operations are going to be scaled back and others will be shut down. Cyberattacks in North Korea won't shut down. The recruitment of more terrorists by ISIS won't shut down. And gang violence below our southern border won't shut down.    This Congress is on the verge of forcing over 100,000 DHS employees to work without pay and put another 30,000 employees on furlough. They are TSA agents and port inspectors, disaster relief staff and intelligence experts, Coast Guard members and Border Patrol officers.    My question is, is this how the new Republican Congress treats people who report to work every day to protect our country? These Americans have mortgages to pay. They have children to support. They have homes to keep warm, car tanks to fill up, and local businesses to support.    Homeland Security funding has nearly dried up for one simple reason. Some Members of the majority are more concerned with pleasing the anti-immigrant fringe than paying the men and women who go to work every day protecting the security of our Nation.    They are holding DHS funds hostage. Their demand? That we mandate the deportation of thousands of students and young people who arrived here illegally as small children. That we deport immigrants who have small children who never chose to break the law from the only home that they have ever known.    Now, with little time left until our Homeland Security funding expires, this Committee is using precious time on a hearing on whether the President's immigration Executive orders are constitutional. Since the founding of our Nation, questions involving the constitutionality of executive actions have been heard and resolved by the judicial branch. And questions of whether the President's Executive orders on immigration are constitutional are being heard in courts as we speak.    I happen to believe that the President's Executive orders on immigration are constitutional, but I also understand that some of my colleagues disagree. I respect that.    Still, the fact remains that defunding DHS will not advance my Republican colleagues' stated goal of nullifying these Executive orders. Defunding DHS will not ramp up deportation. On the contrary, forcing border agents and immigration court officials to work without pay or to go on furlough most likely will slow down deportation.    Now my Republican colleagues want a border security enforcement-only approach to immigration policy. Well, guess what? That is the policy that has been in place for years, and it is not working, even with the record-breaking deportation numbers of this Administration.    It is logistically and financially impossible to locate, prosecute, and deport 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States.    Like other law enforcement agencies, Immigration and Customs Enforcement must work with the budget that it is handed. That means exercising discretion, choosing which deportation should proceed and which should be put on hold, or, as the President calls it, deferred.    Do we deport a member of a gang or a college student who arrived here illegally when she was 3? Do we deport the mother of an American child or do we try to keep families together? These are the questions that Republicans in Congress have refused to answer year after year after year with a comprehensive immigration reform bill. These are the questions that my Republican colleagues left President Obama to answer with his November 20 Executive orders on immigration.    The President's Executive orders don't change the law. They are temporary. They simply ensure undocumented immigrants living, working, and raising families in our communities that they will not be deported before someone with a felony or a serious misdemeanor.    We should be working day and night to keep the Department of Homeland Security funded and fully operational instead of holding hearings on questions that the courts are in the process of answering. The safety of the public and the well-being of our communities must be the priority of immigration enforcement officials, and I humbly suggest that it should also be the priority of this Congress.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.