    Rev. McCoy. Thank you.    Rev. McCoy. It is on. Thank you.    Rev. McCoy. Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Cohen, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for allowing me to testify today. I serve as the national director of CURE. But, really, we represent over 1,000 voices across the country. Our work is to fight poverty and be voices of the underserved by helping them apply principals of faith, freedom, and personal responsibility. I also serve on two boards that support pregnancy centers as well.    I come today to offer my strong support and endorsement for H.R. 4924, the Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act. Like many liberals in the Black community, I too believe that Black lives do matter. But, I think that the passage of H.R. 4924 would codify this notion into law by not forcing and allowing for race selective abortions. As tragic as all the violent deaths are within the Black community and cities like Chicago, Baltimore, D.C., they pale in comparison to the murders that are taking place within the wombs of Black women every day throughout our Nation.    The rise of feticide in the world is astronomical. On the global front, we are virtually watching and observing entire countries alter birth rates and normal balance of population and gender due to sex selective abortions. My support for this legislation is not only based on my deep personal thankfulness for being born to a Black woman, or my conviction as an African American male that deplores discrimination, or as a citizen of the country that does not want to see sex discrimination, but a citizen who deeply desires the same protections be afforded to them by the Constitution be given to all including the preborn.    My support also comes as a father, and a man who sees the destruction of lives and have heard from and counseled the women who had to deal with the emotional and physical consequences of having lived with the gut-wrenching termination of a pregnancy. Creating a life is an ultimate gift from god. What we do with that life is our gift back to god.    The passage of H.R. 4924 would help ensure that we do not run short of the gifts that we give back to god. As stated years ago by the, then pro-life, Reverend Jesse Jackson in January 1977, ``Politicians argue for abortion largely because they do not want to spend the necessary money to feed, clothe, or educate more people. Here arguments for inconvenience and economic savings take precedence over for human value and human life.    Psychiatrists, social workers, and doctors often argue for abortion on the basis that the child will grow up mentally and emotionally scarred. But who of us is complete?'' he asked. ``If incompleteness were the criterion for taking on life, would we all be dead? If we can justify abortion on the basis of emotional incompleteness, then your logic could also lead you to killing others for other forms of incompleteness as well, such as blindness, crippledness, or old age.'' And I would add to that, race and/or gender.    Abortion based on sex selection, race selection, or gender selection is antithetical to our civilized society. If it is illegal to murder based on sex, race, or gender, would it not be equally illegal to murder a child in the womb based on these same characteristics? So, this issue of nondiscrimination brings us back to even what my colleague Ms. Davis said about eugenics.    Ultimately, a Nation will be judged on how they protect the most vulnerable in their society. My job here today is simple, to be a voice to the thousands of Americans that want to see the Constitution applied to the least of these in our society. When one thinks about aborting a child based on race, sex, or gender, many of us reel with disgust because we have seen the effects of such actions in countries like China and other parts of the world where they have a shortage of females; that has become a national security issue. China does not even have enough females for males to marry. So, Chinese males are leaving the country, causing a labor shortage, but also causing a national identity problem.    When I think about selective abortions, I cannot help but be reminded about eugenics, and the Black community has been one of the most hard hit for the plight of abortions in our communities. About 50 years ago a sociologist, who was also the Secretary of Labor, named Daniel Patrick Moynihan, stated that these trends in the Black community began to change. The Black family at that time had intact families with 78 percent of households having a mom and a dad.    Abortion in our community was not common, and was unthinkable. However, the astute eye of Moynihan saw the scrubbing of our society by god by eliminating prayer in schools in 1963, had started to take effects on the collapse of the family. Marriages began breaking down. And by 1965 we had an all-out war on poverty and began the welfare state.    In the 1960's we allowed unchecked sexual freedom to get out of control, and women's rights group like NOW began influencing NAACP to push for abortions in Black communities under the guise of reducing poverty and the population. Blacks were told, if we were controlled births, we would also escape poverty. Black women were seduced into this lie and are now living with the results of 16 million killed since Roe v. Wade, which took place in 1973, a mere 5 years after King's death.    It is ironic that the Fifth Amendment in 1870 to the U.S. Constitution abolished discrimination based on race. A more civilized 1973 U.S. Supreme Court discriminated against the life of the unborn. In closing, I would like to invite each Member to support this legislation. Think long and hard about the America we want to pass along to the next generation a social experiment of genetic engineering at the hands of those who choose who wins and who loses in life. Come to my city. Meet some of the women who have indeed had counseling after having an abortion. I invite you. Thank you for your time.    Rev. McCoy. Thank you, Chairman Franks. You know, in my opinion, we are living, you know, in a moral crisis. We are living in a place where--you know, I am 100 percent at the place where many of the other Members already talked about. ``Hey. We want to make sure that we talk about equal pay. We want to make sure that we are taking care of many of the people and having these concerns that we are closing the pay equity gap, and making sure that we are taking care of women from their healthcare needs,'' and an assortment of issues.    But, to answer your question directly, we are at a place where I do not think we have done well in allowing the most unprotected to have protections, and that is that child that is preborn. That is that child that is in the mother's womb. That should not be the most dangerous place for a child.    Now, interesting enough, many people say, and they talk regularly. And I hear this all the time, especially being a male, about, ``Well, I am taking away a woman's right.'' And I hear that. But I will say this. I so appreciate the right that I had to be born. And I do not think any person here would ever say that they are mistaking, or they are sorrowful about being able to be born, being able to have Constitutional protections given to them.    And I think that is where we are today in saying we need to make sure that we are taking care of those that are most vulnerable in society, in that they should have those protections, and that they should be taken care of; and that is the preborn. So, thank you for this legislation.