    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Before I get to some questions, I have got a followup question for Ms. Hyde. The last time that you were in front of this committee, which I really appreciate you coming back, we had discussed your Web sites and if they were an effective use of taxpayer dollars. At that time, you stated that you were all in the process of evaluating that. Have you finished that process yet?    Mr. Mullin. Right. And which----    Mr. Mullin. Well, that was for the 3- to 6-year-old for suicide prevention. Have you finished that one yet?    Mr. Mullin. Right.    Mr. Mullin. Could you give me some process reports on that, just so I can kind of know where you guys are at? We just want to make sure that taxpayer dollars are being used in an effective way.    Mr. Mullin. To get to the questions, Dr. Throckmorton, just a simple yes or no. Does the FDA recommend that methadone be used as a first line of therapy for chronic pain?    Mr. Mullin. But I am specifically speaking to the first line, for a first line of defense, basically.    Mr. Mullin. So that would be a no for the first line.    What is your recommendation for first line?    Mr. Mullin. Well, the FDA put out a warning about the drug safety and basically said that you guys--that insurers should not--should not be referred as a preferred therapy, unless special instructions and education was put onto it. So I would take that as the FDA would, by this statement, that it'd be a no, that you wouldn't recommend it unless there's a lot of consideration taken.    Mr. Mullin. OK.    Mr. Mullin. OK.    Mr. Mullin. Sure. All I'm really looking for is a yes or no because I'm really trying to get further on down the line for questions. I do appreciate you being here. And I like the last name; that's my sister's last name. And I got some beautiful----    Mr. Mullin. I know. I've got three beautiful nieces. But the spelling usually gets messed up.    Dr. Houry, what about the CDC? Do you guys consider this methadone as being a first line of defense for pain?    Mr. Mullin. Which would be?    Mr. Mullin. Well, Dr. Throckmorton kind of gave his personal opinion. But the statement of FDA you heard about. So would you follow the statement, I'm assuming?    Mr. Mullin. OK. Dr. Conway--by the way, I'm always jealous when people have their family with them. I have got five wonderful kids. And if you ever want to see me cry, that's about the only thing that will make me cry. I miss them.    Mr. Mullin. Thanks. I appreciate that. I will take a deep breath and wipe the tear away.    Are you aware that methadone accounts for 30 percent of overdose deaths while only accounting for about 2 percent of the prescriptions that are prescribed for chronic pain?    Mr. Mullin. Would you personally recommend it as a first line of defense for pain?    Mr. Mullin. Well, according to the Pew research, they put out a deal that said methadone is available in low-cost generic form and is considered a preferred drug in many States by the Medicaid programs, despite FDA warnings about the drug safety and the statements by the American Academy of Pain Medicine that insurers should not be preferred this therapy unless it's especially educated and provided to the individual.    I just kind of wonder if--overall, I would think, we're considering it not being there. Why is this still listed as a first line with Medicaid, I mean, when we're seeing so many deaths? It almost makes you think, is the cost of a life not more valuable than the cost of a low drug?    Mr. Mullin. Dr. Conway, appreciate it.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.