    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate your patience in coming from a markup.    This is a huge issue, not just because it's called on in the press, but this issue comes down to integrity as well as credibility. I appreciate what's been shared of what I've heard so far today.    A couple things that I'd like to address. And just to make sure that I'm clear, in your investigation, did we examine the circumstances under which the IRS informed Congress about the missing emails? Could you take a minute and address that?    Mr. Walker. Yeah, I think it does. Let me delve a little deeper, if I could.    Is there concern that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration did not learn directly from the IRS that the Lerner emails were supposedly lost?    Mr. Walker. Can you expound on why. Why the delay?    Mr. Walker. All the time, though, under the guise as far as trying to deliver what they did find. So we don't really know the place--how much of that was posture, how much of that, hey, we discovered it. Let's sit down and figure out the best strategy, the best tactic. Or if it was late in the game when they found them a week later. Is there any evidence to support when exactly the evidence was found?    Mr. Walker. Well, then, let's look at precedence then for a moment. Is it customary for the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, TIGTA, if you will, to hear about significant issues like the missing emails from a letter sent by the IRS to the Senate. Is that--talk to me about protocol with your experience.    Mr. Walker. And, which, I guess, answers my next question. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but there would be concern that you did not learn sooner of these problems given that the IRS knew the Lerner emails were unrecoverable as early as February of 2014; is that fair?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Finally, have you brought any of these concerns to the attention of Mr. Koskinen; and if not, why not?    Mr. Walker. So we don't know whether he's aware of what you're finding as sort of this go-long process as you're discovering, so there's been no official release of information back to Mr. Koskinen. Is that--yes or no?    Mr. Walker. Right.    Mr. Walker. Mr. George, did you have something to add to that?    Mr. Walker. Well, can I get the word on it today that we will make sure that you guys will inform Congress as soon as you encounter difficulties in obtaining information indirectly from the IRS? Will you let us know promptly with that?    Mr. Walker. Fair enough. With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.