    Dr. Wolk. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cartwright, and members of the committees. Good afternoon. My name is Dr. Larry Wolk, I am the Executive Director and Chief Medical Officer for the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment. I appreciate the opportunity to share with you my testimony on behalf of the Department, regarding the water quality impacts from the recent Gold King Mine spill into Cement Creek and the Animas River near Silverton, Colorado.    The Upper Animas River Basin has a long and storied mining history. As with many watersheds in Colorado, legacy mining in the basin has resulted in significant water quality impacts. For years, drainage from the numerous mining areas above Silverton has contributed heavy metal loads into Cement Creek, which eventually flows into the Animas River.    Our Water Quality Control Division within the Department has routinely, but somewhat infrequently, sampled the water quality in Cement Creek and the Animas River as part of our Water Quality Program. These samples have consistently shown that the quality of the water in Cement Creek and the Animas River is, and has been for years, impacted by the mine waste coming from the legacy mines.    The Gold King Mine is a historic gold mine located approximately 11,300 feet above sea level in the southwest mountains of Colorado near the town of Silverton. On August 5, 2015, an estimated volume of up to 3 million gallons of mine wastewater, containing dissolved metals and sediment, was unexpectedly released from the Gold King Mine adit into Cement Creek. Water Quality Division staff from my department almost immediately traveled to Silverton and the mine site to respond to and evaluate the water quality impacts from the release.    Our staff took several surface water samples the week after the mine release throughout the river basin, from upstream of Silverton and down river from Durango to the New Mexico border, over a period of 11 days, to determine the extent of the impact of the release. In total, our staff took 63 samples of surface water.    Initial monitoring indicated levels of copper, lead, manganese, and zinc were higher than when previously monitored in June 2015, prior to the release. By August 11, however, the levels of monitored metals in the Animas River had returned to pre-release levels. In Cement Creek, cadmium, copper, and zinc continued to be above the historic range for these metals.    Throughout 2016, we will continue to monitor the level of metals in Cement Creek and the Animas River. At this time, we do not anticipate adverse health effects from exposure to the metals detected in the river water samples from skin contact or incidental and unintentional ingestion.    Our water quality staff has also worked with our Division of Parks and Wildlife of the Colorado Department of Natural Resources to monitor the effects on aquatic life and wildlife. Assessments will continue, but, at this point, there appears to be no obvious impacts. There were no fish kills along the Animas River during the plume event, and there were no effects observed on terrestrial animals, such as ducks or mammals.    Parks and Wildlife also placed fingerling rainbow trout in cages in three separate locations in the Animas River in Durango before the mine spill plume reached the city. Of the 108 fish placed in these cages, only 1 died, and the others remained healthy during the passing of the plume, and after the plume passed through the city. The one fish that died was not due to water quality.    Long-term impacts from the effect of metals deposited in sediments will also continue to be monitored. These sediments may pose a risk, especially to aquatic life and fish during high-water events. We also understand there is concern about the risks to recreational users on the river. Sediment is just one indicator of the health of the river. There is some level of contamination in most, if not all, of Colorado rivers, because of past mining activities and the geology of the state. We do not anticipate adverse health effects from exposure to contaminants detected in the water and sediment during typical recreational activities.    We also understand that, based upon current information, the Department of Agriculture believes the Animas River may be used for crop irrigation and livestock watering. We are unsure of the long-term impacts, but the spill at the Gold King Mine does not appear to have significantly affected or changed the water quality of Cement Creek or the Animas River.    We are fortunate that the spill did not result in an immediate environmental disaster. However, this does not mean that Cement Creek and the Animas River have not already been impacted by prior damage from the legacy mines.    The spill only serves to underscore the issues faced by many states, particularly in the West, where thousands of legacy mines affect the quality of our rivers and streams. High levels of acid-mine drainage can have a detrimental impact on aquatic life. The Division of Parks and Wildlife has reported a noticeable decline in the number of trout in the Animas River over the last 10 years. Cement Creek and the Animas River are only two of many water bodies in Colorado that receive historic mine drainage.    In the interest of time, I will close my comments and be open for questions.    Dr. Wolk. Thank you, sir. I think it depends on the situation, because----    Dr. Wolk. I think there is a short-term solution to continue to treat the water and find more of a longer standing treatment facility solution that could go in place, and then remediation at the mine, itself.    Dr. Wolk. Yes, sir, we do. Depending on the situation, we have water quality engineers, mine engineers, and we work collaboratively with the EPA and others to provide those resources so that, as you know, we have a Colorado solution.    Dr. Wolk. It concerns me, but I am not sure that does not mean that engineers were not involved in some capacity. So not----    Dr. Wolk. I do not know how they structure or operate, and whether they rely on other resources to provide that engineering----    Dr. Wolk. As I said, our department has its own engineers, depending on the situation.    Dr. Wolk. Well, I serve at the pleasure of the Governor, and so I am not sure it is my position to say, but I know the Governor and our congressional delegates in the past, and most of the western states, have been very active in trying to promote and support Good Samaritan legislation to help address these kinds of situations.    Dr. Wolk. Just on the notion or the decision to make it a Superfund site, it is a little bit more complicated, because the local community, obviously, has a very large voice in that, as well as the state. We have very successful examples of Superfund sites that have been restorative, and have a sustainability plan now going forward. So, it is certainly a viable option.    Dr. Wolk. Thank you, sir. I think, over the past 10 years, the water quality has been gradually deteriorating, and that is using as a resultant the decreased amount of fish in numbers, as well as certain species of trout, so mostly, as it relates to aquatic life. It has not deteriorated to the point of not being suitable for intake for drinking water or for use of recreational purposes or irrigation purposes, but certainly it has been deteriorating.    Dr. Wolk. Thank you, sir. We were fortunate enough to have a member of our State Department of Natural Resources there at the site, who activated our notification system in-state through our spill line. So, we were able to follow our protocol with regard to in-state notifications for downstream users.    The Chairman. So, what you really did is you got notification by serendipity. New Mexico did not know about it until the Southern Utes recognized that. Right?    And the Navajo Nation, who actually notified you?