    Mr. Trott. I would thank Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen and Ranking Member Deutch for holding this hearing, and to our esteemed witnesses for testifying and sharing their valuable insight on an unstable, but crucial part of the world.    Ambassador Patterson, before assuming your current post, you were our Ambassador to Egypt and served during a very turbulent time. You had a unique perspective on the Muslim Brotherhood, one that I am hoping to hear more about from you today. For reasons unclear to me, the State Department still refuses to recognize the Muslim Brotherhood as a terrorist organization.    I am proud to cosponsor legislation in the House, the Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act, and I am eager to see it on the Floor for a vote in front of the full House. In recent years, the copts have suffered terrible attacks and violence. The attacks were clearly well-planned and coordinated, not random acts of violence, as some have suggested. After listening to their rhetoric laced from remarks coming from their leadership, it is not surprising that they would take out their anger on Egypt's most vulnerable. To make matters worse, the Muslim Brotherhood's official account still espouses and congratulates violence while implicitly, if not explicitly, trying to encourage violence against the state and religious minorities.    I am disappointed the State Department hosted them for official meetings last year. When I questioned Secretary Kerry about this, he claimed that the State Department somehow didn't know they were part of the Muslim Brotherhood until after the visit, something I find difficult to believe.    As a country that promotes religious tolerance and acceptance all over the world, I find it reprehensible that the administration claims to promote these values, yet goes around and invites and holds meetings with the various people that have dedicated themselves to religious intolerance and violence.    I look forward to your testimony and explanation as to how much more damage the Muslim Brotherhood needs to cause before we call them terrorists.    Thank you. I yield back.