    Mr. Cohen. Thank you. I could read my opening statement, which is a very well-written opening statement. Staff did a great job. James, stand and take a bow. Great job, but I am not going to read it because it has things that I think my Chairman probably would not like. It suggests that we should be doing other things like voting rights and police minority problems that we have, and gun violence, and dealing with those issues, and the disparity in wealth, rather than this.    So, I am just going to ask to enter this in the record, and I am going to just say that I think the Chairman is great, and he has done a great job today in talking about earmarks, and he is right about earmarks.    We ought to have earmarks, and it is not just because it is in Article 1 and the unelected bureaucrats, but it is the oil that makes the machine run, and that is one of the reasons why we have not done much here in the last few years, is because we do not have earmarks. Where everybody has got a piece of the pie, and everybody has a reason to vote for a bill, and the speaker has got a little clout, and some other people have a little clout, and people can conform their conducts to what makes things happen, gets infrastructure projects funded, and gets money back home, which is real important.    And the taking away of earmarks was a real mistake, and it is something Congress has--it hurt Congress. It has hurt the power of the Speaker, and it has hurt the power of us to create legislation and get things past.    There should have been some reforms, and there were some reforms. There could be some reforms, but you do not just throw it out. You mend it, and that is what we ought to do, and we should do.    So, I want to hear from people about how good earmarks are. It is just music to my ears because I think it works. It is good to bring home the bacon, but it is also good to make this place get together, work with bipartisan support for bills, which we used to have in transportation, and we used to have on highway bills and we had on military defense spending and other areas, veterans bills.    Everybody had something in the pie, and so everybody wanted to get something done, and it did not come to more than one or one and a half percent of the total budget, and otherwise it is unelected folks. It is bureaucrats making the decisions, or people in the State where the money goes to, and they decide where to spend projects. And it is ridiculous to think that they do not their politics when they make their decision.    I am not even sure we consider politics in our decision. Some people may, but in my first few years when we had earmarks, I let the city mayors--who maybe had politics, but I wanted to make sure that their proposals were good government--the roads they chose were important to the development of downtown, and they would get people moving around, or there were projects that were important to the universities and medical school--University of Tennessee or the University of Memphis, and I let the leaders decide what was important, and I came up here and worked for them, and that is the way it ought to work.    So, with that, I yield back the balance of my time. I thank Mr. King for being the voice of Mr. Young and others who understand the importance of earmarks.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair. General Mukasey, you were talking about, I guess, civil asset forfeiture?    Mr. Cohen. Yeah.    Mr. Cohen. Right, that is what you were referring to, was it not?    Mr. Cohen. I think maybe I got it. I do not know, but there was some official with Justice who helped create that program, and then had an epiphany and sought to be forgiven for his misdeeds and has now come out strongly against, and saw how awful it was. And maybe there two of them. Do you know who I am speaking of?    Mr. Cohen. Well, I will find it eventually. It is the power of Google, but they said it would just--and it is awful, and I saw where the----    Mr. Cohen. Was it in the early 1980's that it started?    Mr. Cohen. There is a Mr. Seth wrote a piece, and maybe that is--but anyway, regardless, all those programs and the--Holder started to cut it back for some reason, and then the President, Attorney General, has reinstituted it, and it is just to take money from folks without a conviction; it is the antithesis of what you would think of as due process and government intrusion.    Mr. Cohen. And does it not shift the burden on the citizen to prove it is their money?    Mr. Cohen. Well, it is cash-registered justice is what it is. That happens a lot with drug laws, and a lot of these are drug cases. But in drug laws, the police get to keep cars and all kind of goods that they take, and we have really no choice in the matter.    Mr. Cohen. Yeah, we had a lot of that back in Tennessee when I was a police attorney and--after that I was a police attorney, but most of the drug agents were convicted of taking monies and taking--sometimes, it was not through the asset forfeiture program. They just took it, but neither here nor there. What do you know about deferred prosecution agreements? Those come through your office, too, do they not?    Mr. Cohen. But they used to come through your office.    Mr. Cohen. Do you think there should be a different method in choosing the monitors, so that there is no politics involved in it, and having some time of ombudsman or something?    Mr. Cohen. Medical device.    Mr. Cohen. Medical device companies, too.    Mr. Cohen. Aare you familiar with Chris Christie's adventures in those areas?    Mr. Cohen. That was the one I was getting to, yeah.    Mr. Cohen. Yeah, that was just awful. It required this company to make--was it $100,000 or a quarter of a million dollars--to have a chair in ethics at some school in New Jersey, that was his school.    Mr. Cohen. Yeah, right, it was not, yeah. But anyway, those things happen.    Mr. Cohen. No, it was not. I wish we could do some things on civil forfeiture and get some--maybe Mr. King and I can work together on that and pass a bill.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir.