    Ms. McGuire. Chairman Ratcliffe, Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Kelly, and Chairman Thompson, other distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on behalf of Symantec Corporation. This hearing is extremely timely. And we very much appreciate your shining a spotlight on a vital issue that threatens the cybersecurity of not only the U.S. technology industry, but also that of all U.S. critical infrastructure companies and organizations that rely on cybersecurity.    The proposed U.S. cybersecurity export regulation under the Wassenaar Arrangement would severely damage our ability to innovate and develop new cybersecurity product, conduct real-time global research, and share information on vulnerabilities and exploits, as well as to test and secure global networks and new technology products.    These new regulations would restrict the free flow of information across borders and impose major new export compliance burdens on all U.S. multinational industries. While the regulation grew out of well-intended concerns over the availability of intrusion and surveillance software to repressive regimes, the end result has swept in the core functionality of cybersecurity products and technology, and puts untenable restrictions on security testing and research.    The fact is, this is not an export control on a few specific tools. It is a stringent new regulation on the entire cybersecurity industry, and our customers that would harm the economic and national security of the United States. Ultimately, it would leave every American less protected and vulnerable to cyber criminals and cyber terrorists.    The regulations would capture many common and critical security tools. One of these is penetration testing. These tests are designed to stress systems just as real attackers would and expose weaknesses that would allow an organization to improve its defenses. Yet, under the proposed regulations, financial services, health care, energy, and other multinational companies would need export licenses merely to do security testing on their overseas systems and products.    We have other concerns, but I feel compelled that I need to raise one more. As you all know, Congress and the administration have just acted to improve cyber threat information sharing. Yet, these regulations would undo much of that effort. As many of you have said today, cybersecurity knows no borders. But at Symantec, in our business practices, we also operate security operations centers around the world. Under these regulations, we would be required to apply for and wait for an export license before discussing much of our security research with a U.S. citizen who was working in one of our international centers. And the underlying rule does not even envision the accommodation of real-time machine-to-machine information sharing across borders.    As we all know, cyber threats move at light speed, not bureaucratic speed. And as Chairman Hurd said, the clock starts ticking when an indicator of compromise is identified.    To provide some perspective, Symantec's intrusion prevention systems blocked approximately 300 million exploit kits for our global customers in 2015, one of the exact technologies that would be restricted under this rule. Companies like ours rely on unfettered research and communication to innovate and develop the next generation of security technologies. At Symantec, our preliminary assessment showed we would need at least 1,000 new licenses. Today, we need less than a dozen. But the truth is that we've stopped counting, as the number is likely to go even higher. Coupled with an average lead time of 6 months to develop a license application, there is no doubt that these new burdens would cripple our ability to respond to real-time threats and cyber attacks.    Another issue is that countries that are party to the Wassenaar Arrangement and have implemented the rule have taken vastly different approaches. There are multiple interpretations of the underlying language that have led to confusion, and implementation differs significantly from country to country. In fact, today, we at Symantec are holding up a product released in one country, while our lawyers try to figure out the next steps that should be taken. And we've seen other U.S. companies who are already pulling back on international research engagements because their attorneys say there is too much risk for cross-border research flows.    The simple fact is that the rule will do little to stop the spread of malicious intrusion and surveillance tools, or curtail illicit hacking and intrusions in any way. In fact, the current rule would do just the opposite. It would handcuff security vendors and multinational companies from using all the tools available to them, while imposing no restrictions on cyber criminals. After hearing significant concerns, the Department of Commerce, to its credit, quickly withdrew the proposed rule. The conversations that have followed have been extensive and frank, but, ultimately, unsuccessful. This is not because of a lack of good faith on either side, but because of defects routed in the 2013 Wassenaar cybersecurity agreement.    For this reason, we strongly recommend that the rule be remanded back to Wassenaar to be renegotiated and more narrowly defined. Of course, we look forward to continuing to work with Congress and our U.S. Government partners, to share our technical expertise on this very important issue to our industry and critical infrastructure in the U.S. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. And I look forward to any questions you might have.    Ms. McGuire. So, thank you for the question. And I think the process piece of this is--is critically important. And while the technical advisory groups within the Department of Commerce were consulted on this issue, no cybersecurity industry was consulted on this issue. There were none that were sitting on the advisory groups, to our knowledge, at the time.    Ms. McGuire. In addition, the advisory committee, our understanding was that the language that was part of the original proposal that the advisory committees saw was not the language that ultimately was adopted at Wassenaar.    So while they may have--they may have said, we don't think there's going to be a lot of problems, what ultimately became enacted was not what was put in front of them.    Ms. McGuire. I will just echo that the rule as proposed here in the United States will not do anything to deter the availability of these tools. And I will just finish by saying at the end of the day, the underlying language in the Wassenaar Arrangement on cybersecurity is flawed and must be renegotiated.