    Mr. Crippen. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member, so I hear is Mr. Johnson, Members of the Subcommittee; I am pleased to appear on behalf of the National Governors Association.    Mr. Chairman, I want to begin with----    Mr. Crippen. Sure.    Does that work?    Mr. Crippen. Okay.    I want to begin where I will end by saying that it's unfortunate the Subcommittee was unable to formally discuss the tax issue of greatest importance to the states: The need to create parody between in-state and out-of-state retailers regarding the collection of state and local sales taxes. Governors maintain that before any Federal legislation regarding state taxation is passed, Congress should first address this disparity.    Let me start with the bills at hand. First, the Mobile Workforce State Income Tax Simplification ACT. NGA has simply not taken a position on H.R. 2315. Unfortunately the bill would federally prevent the authority of states to tax the income of certain residents who work in the state fewer than 30 working days or up to 6 weeks. As such, the legislation has the effect of prohibiting the source of state revenue, one of NGA's principle objections to Federal action in this case.    NGA therefore urges the Committee to carefully consider the potential negative effects and state revenues before moving the bill forward. As my colleague, Commissioner Magee, just said, the Multistate Tax Commission has a model bill which would allow preemption for up to 20 days. States have come together with a solution here. So we believe the states can continue to work. New York, in fact, is considering the preemption of up to 14 days, and New York being the state that has the largest single exposure here.    Turning to the Digital Goods and Services Tax Fairness Act, as we all know, the digital economy is part of the most complex state tax laws facing the states and facing you, quite frankly. Balancing the desire to promote electronic commerce for the sovereignty of states to determine their own tax system, requires both state collaboration and Federal cooperation to ensure government, business, and consumers all benefit from the 21st century marketplace.    NGA opposed earlier versions of this legislation and subsequently joined with proponents of the measure to negotiate a framework that was workable for states and provide a greater certainty for businesses and consumers. Despite NGA's work on crafting or helping to craft H.R. 1643, NGA cannot endorse the bill primarily because the framework of taxation of digital goods, without establishing the states have sufficient nexus to collect taxes on digital transactions, is simply not acceptable.    Finally, the Business Activities Tax Simplification Act. Mr. Chairman, NGA has opposed virtually every version of the BATSA introduced over the past several Congresses. Each bill is represented none more than Federal intrusion into state matters that would allow companies to avoid and evade state business activity taxes, increase the tax burden on small businesses and individuals, alter establish constitutional standards for state taxation, and cost states billions of existing revenue.    U.S. courts have long recognized the authority of a state to structure its own business tax system as a core element of state sovereignty. BATSA would interfere with this basic principle by altering the Constitutional standard that governed the states may tax companies conducting businesses within their borders.    Mr. Chairman, we believe BATSA is structured for the economy of the last century and not this century.    All the bills before the Committee today, we believe have a common goal: Balancing the sovereignty of states who set their own tax and revenue systems versus the benefits of uniformity for ever-growing digital and mobile economy. To really accomplish this goal, however, Congress must first work with states to establish a level playing field for all retailers both in-state and out-of-state. Specifically, NGA calls on Congress to authorize states to require remote vendors to collect state sales taxes.    Mr. Chairman, before I describe how such authority might work, first let me tell what it is not. What we are advocating is not a tax increase but rather the collection of taxes already owed. Further and most importantly, it's not a tax on business but the collection of taxes on consumers within a state. Some of my panel members and members have mentioned the ``taxation without representation.'' As a point-of-view of the economist, Mr. Chairman, I can tell you what we're advocating is quite the opposite.    We're asking for a collection of taxes already owed by residents within the states. They actually have the ability to vote within the state from which their taxes would be imposed, as well establish the principle for economists that sales taxes are indeed consumption taxes. They fall on the folks who are buying the goods and services. So this is not a tax on businesses out-of-state but rather a collection of taxes already owed on residents within the state.    Currently, disparity exists on the taxation of goods and services subject to state and local taxes as you know. If a consumer buys at a local store, the approximate sales tax is collected from the consumer by the merchant and remitted to the taxing authority. If this same, identical transaction occurs over the Internet, the taxes are not collected by the merchant and the consumer rarely pays the equivalent use tax to state and local government. The Internet retailer is effectively subsidized by the inequity in the current tax system. This problem is compounded by the explosive growth of the Internet as more retailers are harmed and sales tax bases further eroded.    State and business communities have worked together for more than a decade to address this issue. In fact, have come up with something called the Streamline Sales and Use Tax Agreement with 44 states and the District of Columbia, local governments, and business community coming together. This is a destination-based taxing regime and to-date over 1,700 local businesses, mostly small retailers, are voluntarily collecting sales taxes in these streamline states and have remitted more than $1 billion in sales tax revenues. Obviously, it can be done without the adverse consequences or trade by the opponents. It is working today for 1,700 retailers in a number of states.    Last Congress, the Senate overwhelmingly passed the Marketplace Fairness Act legislation to federally authorize states to require the collection of state taxes in return for simplifications of their tax codes. The House delayed legislative action and failed to take up the bill. In our opinion, this was a missed opportunity. NGA calls on this Committee to work with states this Congress to take up and pass meaningful and workable legislation that will once and for all address this core issue.    Mr. Crippen. I would say clarity is always good, but as an economist I would say those lines need to be drawn to meet the economic reality. These days, physical presence is much less important as a means or end of business than it ever was. Manufacturing is not in states, it's off-shore. Electronic commerce can exist anywhere. Incentives to move income around are paramount. So, yes, lines are nice, but they have to be drawn in a sense to reflect economic reality.    Mr. Crippen. It could have but it depends on, again, where we have talked about some solutions here today on mobile workforce, for example. States are working on exemptions not unlike the bill would entail, but it is not, I think, I think it is a false promise to say that a number of day's exemption relieves a lot of burden. You are still going to have to track those employees.    And so, the question is what relief do you want to give these larger businesses as opposed to what revenue impacts do you want to have on states and----    Mr. Crippen. Sure.    Well, I think the one point we may not have made as much as we ought to is that it is a very large and growing problem as Internet sales increase. We are now approaching $300 billion a year. Estimates are that within a few years that will double. And so, it means that the inefficiencies in our tax system and the imposition on small businesses and governments will double as well. It is a very large problem and growing rapidly.    Mr. Crippen. I don't think so, Mr. Chairman. Certainly, none that we have seen. It is obviously in a position on state taxing authority and there are a number of states, as you know, who already have this, have exercised this power, and are grandfathered in these extensions.    Mr. Crippen. That is right.    Mr. Crippen. Correct.