    Mr. Linick. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify about OIG's July 2015 audit of the new embassy compound in London and its implications for future Department of State construction projects.    At a cost of more than a billion dollars, the London embassy project is among the most expensive embassies built by the State Department. Our audit had two objectives. First, we sought to determine whether the Department resolved security issues before allowing construction to begin associated with the exterior glass curtain wall on the outer facade of the Chancery building. Department policy required that those security issues be resolved before construction could begin. Second, OIG sought to determine whether the Department adhered to Federal contracting requirements in negotiating the price for the construction of the London compound when it accepted $42 million in additional contract expenses without obtaining sufficient justification for them.    We found the Department's practices in both areas, the timing of the security certification and the acceptance of the added expenses, did not conform to applicable requirements. As a result, we made four recommendations which are in the process of being addressed by the Department. Two have been closed. Let me briefly discuss our security-related findings first.    The Department's physical security standards require most new office buildings to provide adequate safeguards to protect people from the effects of explosions and projectiles. The exterior curtain wall at the London compound had to meet criteria that includes blast protection requirements.    Within the Department, the Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations, OBO, directs building programs and the Bureau of Diplomatic Security, DS, is responsible for overseeing new construction to ensure compliance with security standards. By statute, the Department must certify to Congress that a construction project for a new embassy will provide proper security before it undertakes such a project.    The Department's published interpretation and implementation of the statute is contained in the Foreign Affairs Manual. It states that no construct should be awarded or construction undertaken before certification.    Notwithstanding this policy, since at least 2003 the Department has followed the practice of authorizing construction contractors to begin work prior to certification. In the case of the London compound, the contract award, site work, and construction began many months before the Department certified the project to Congress in December of 2013 as providing adequate security protection.    OIG is also concerned that the Department certified the safety of the project without obtaining blast testing results. The blast testing was not completed until May of 2014, more than 6 months after certification. As early as November 2012, DS notified OBO of its concerns with the curtain wall design and reiterated that a full blast test needed to be completed to ensure that the wall met standards. DS changed course after the director of OBO provided a written assurance shortly before certification that it would address any issues should the test fail. DS and OBO ultimately agreed that the curtain met standards.    By initiating construction without first completing the blast testing, the Department committed itself to constructing a building that could have required significant redesign, potentially placing the Department and taxpayers at financial risk.    Let me turn to OIG's second area of concern, the Departments contracting process. The Department initially targeted early 2017 as the move-in date for the London compound. To meet this target, the Department chose a new contracting strategy, the Early Contractor Involvement, or ECI, which was intended to shorten the time between design and construction by involving the construction contractor early in the process.    London was the Department's first experience with ECI. Under Federal rules, a contractor using the ECI is required to submit two pricing proposals to the government. The first one is an initial target price for construction which is submitted at a point where project design is partially completed. The second one is a final price proposal submitted at a later stage of the design phase. Under the rules, the contractor is required to submit sufficient data to support any difference in price so the government can effectively negotiate a firm, fixed price.    In the case of the London compound, the Department's contracting officer negotiated the final price of the contract without requiring the contractor to explain adequately a $42 million difference between the initial proposal and the final proposal.    In sum, our findings and recommendations, if implemented, will have a positive impact on future Department projects and reduce risk to taxpayers. Thank you again for the opportunity to discuss this work, and I look forward to addressing your questions.    Mr. Linick. Well, when you----    Mr. Linick. When you look at a picture like that, to me, that does look like construction. But from the point of view of our report, it's really irrelevant, because the Department's own published policy, the FAM, says you can't even award a contract, okay, or undertake and initiate construction prior to certification. So, in my view, that means no activity should be occurring based on their own published policies, which are the official interpretation of the statute which Congress pasted.    By initiating construction prior to certification, prior to testing, what you're doing is committing to a course of construction, committing to a building that may have to be redesigned if the blast testing fails or if certification doesn't work. And that's primarily our concern, is that the Department needs to take into consideration the risk to taxpayers as a result of a failure of testing.    I don't know what would have happened in this case had blast testing failed. It's not clear to me. But this has implications not just for this embassy, but really for future projects.    Mr. Linick. Our work did not assess whether it's safe and all of that. So I have no reason to dispute that.    Mr. Linick. The $42 million was an increase in price which was not justified and it was accepted by the Department. So we just don't know whether the $42 million is supported with accurate data.    Mr. Linick. Yes. Congressman, the $42 million, actually OBO was asking for information to support that figure and they weren't getting it. And the contracting officer misinterpreted the law and didn't realize that he was supposed to get that information from the contractor. This was at OBO's request. And OBO, to my knowledge, still is not satisfied with the justification of that $42 million.    Mr. Linick. Congresswoman, our report didn't assess whether innovation is necessary or not necessary. Our focus was narrow in that we looked at whether or not the security issues were resolved before construction, before contract award. That's what we looked at, and we also looked at the contract. So I'm not in a position to tell you whether we need innovation, et cetera.    As far as testing goes, my only point with that was that the testing of the glass curtain wall didn't occur for 6 months after certification, and it was our opinion that it ought to have occurred before certification because we fail to see how you can certify something is safe without, you know, making sure that it passes the blast test.    Mr. Linick. It's not clear to me whether the certification package advised Congress that testing would occur after the certification.    Mr. Linick. They clearly did violate their policies, the FAM, by certifying after contract award and after construction, and that's the basis of our finding, finding A. This is an issue that doesn't just affect the London embassy, but also other embassies as well.    The question Congress should know, what constitutes construction when certification is occurring, there should be transparency in the process so Congress knows exactly what rules the State Department's relying on when it undertakes construction and when it certifies.    So that's really--that's the essence of our report and finding.    Mr. Linick. Congressman, we recommended that OBO establish controls to ensure that construction is not initiated before designs have been approved by the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. And then we recommended to the Bureau of Diplomatic Security that they establish controls to require that testing is completed before certification to Congress.    Mr. Linick. I mean, we did recommend that certification----    Mr. Linick. That all of that----    Mr. Linick. Exactly. Yes.    Mr. Linick. Yeah. And more precisely, that any required testing be done before certification.    Mr. Linick. So that there is--so that safe--so they can establish that safety is adequate.    Mr. Linick. Well, they had always--they were clearly--DS was clearly not satisfied with the safety of the glass curtain wall until blast testing was to occur. In fact, they were concerned about it as early as November 2012 all the way to December 6, just a few days before certification. So a letter in that circumstance wouldn't have sufficed. They had to do the blast testing that was a required test. So, no.    Mr. Linick. I'm saying--that's right--I'm saying that if they're going to certify it safe, they ought to do the blast testing before they certify it safe, especially since blast testing was something they were very concerned about, because if it failed, then what?    Mr. Linick. Yeah, what's required under the law is that before undertaking any new construction, they certify that adequate and appropriate steps have been taken to ensure the security of the project, the construction project.    Like I said, in my view, the blast testing had to be completed, otherwise what's the point of certifying.    Mr. Linick. Well, the Department actually has agreed in theory to comply with our recommendations, but we haven't closed them yet, those two recommendations, the one I just mentioned, until we see documentation. We haven't seen any controls.    Mr. Linick. That's correct.    Mr. Linick. Well, initially--initially, we received pushback, but during the compliance process they have appeared to agree to comply with our recommendations.    Mr. Linick. No, but we're still in the process of following through with this.    Mr. Linick. Well, they're not--our recommendations are simply that, recommendations. We can't require them to. They have to agree to it. So other than that----    Mr. Linick. No, we made our recommendations, we made our findings, and we stand by them.    Mr. Linick. I think Congress might want to consider clarifying what it means to undertake, initiate construction prior to certification. I think that would help. Because, after all, you've heard that there are various definitions of what construction is, and I think some clarity on what construction is and, you know, exactly when blast testing, if required testing has to occur, would help.    Because when Congress received the certification package in December, it's not clear to me what Congress knew, it's not clear to me that Congress realized that the Department was relying on an internal memorandum of understanding, which is not law. And, ultimately, we've got to rely on the laws and our official interpretations of them. That's the problem, from our point of view.    Mr. Linick. Yes, Congressman. Two of those have been closed, those relating to the $42 million. The two recommendations were that the Department put together policies and procedures to make sure people understand the contracting, the ECI method, and also that there's training. And both of those have been closed. We've seen documentation indicating the Department has completely followed those recommendations.    Mr. Linick. The other two that are outstanding are the ones to DS and OBO regarding making sure there are controls in place to ensure that construction is not initiated before certification and that required testing is done before certification.    Mr. Linick. Absolutely.