    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and let me thank the witnesses for their presence here today, and certainly we thank all of the victims and their families for your presence here today. And certainly you have been subjected to something that no American should have to deal with in terms of the asbestos exposure, and now this fight to ensure that you are justly compensated.    Let me start with Mr. Scarcella. You are here today in support of the FACT Act, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And as far as you know, the victims of asbestos, those who have been exposed unjustly to asbestos and mesothelioma, other forms of cancer, they do not support the FACT Act, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And as you understand it, the trusts do not support the FACT Act, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. So other than the asbestos industrial complex, who in terms of interested stakeholders actually supports the FACT Act?    Mr. Jeffries. Why do you support it, sir?    Mr. Jeffries. Right. So, you do not believe that there is any evidence of fraud as it relates to the administration of these trusts, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Right, but we are putting the cart before the horse because we are here to try and correct a problem that does not exist. There is no evidence, you have just acknowledged, of fraud in the administration of the trusts. Do you think there is evidence of waste or abuse?    Mr. Jeffries. Right.    Mr. Jeffries. Sir, let me ask you a question there. Are you familiar with the 2011 GAO report that studies the administration of these trusts?    Mr. Jeffries. Am I correct that it looked at, I believe, a 23-year period with respect to these trusts, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. 22, 23 years, from 1988 to 2010, and analyzed about 3.3 million claims, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Over $17 billion in payouts, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And not a scintilla of evidence that so-called plaintiff attorney bad actors had actually managed to pull off a fraud resulting in an inaccurate payment, correct? That is what the GAO concluded.    Mr. Jeffries. Thanks for raising that----    Mr. Jeffries. Sir, let me reclaim my time----    Mr. Jeffries. Sir, let me reclaim my time only because the Chairman has been particularly rigid, as I understand it, with respect to the 5-minute rule. The GAO report, which was requested by then Republican Chairman, Lamar Smith, never contested the GAO report in terms of its methodology. It used a whole host of publicly-available documents, interviewed trust officials, court officials, professors, used the RAND study. And it also had subpoena power if it determined that it was not getting accurate information. And so, I think the reality is, again, we are trying to solve a problem with the FACT Act that simply does not exist. I yield back.