    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to talk about this idea of the people coming back at age 27. I just spoke to someone today who grew up in a household with a mother, a single-parent household. The mother was on food stamps. He worked as a box boy full time. Could have qualified for the Pell Grant, all these things early on, but worked his way up to management in this food supermarket area. Hard-working person, working full time, had a kid. Decided that he couldn't stay up all night dispatching the trucks in the morning, sleeping all day, and being a good dad. So he wanted to back and get his education. So he never used the Pell Grants, worked his way up. You know, did all the things. I mean, he was impelled.    I'm wondering how many of those kind of folks do we have coming--you know, they don't even have their first bachelor's, but they're going to come back and try to earn their first degree. But for him to leave the workforce, really, we know that going to school full time is probably a good idea for many people in order to complete their programs.    I mean, how big a segment of the society is this, and do we need to do something about it?    Mr. Takano. Well, here's the thing, though. I'm wondering how this person got this huge debt, right? I mean, he would have qualified in the front end if we had gotten him in a place to go to community college and then transfer or even just go from community college into the workforce. But he would have qualified for those all those grants, but he worked and worked and worked and then worked himself up to a level, then decided to go back to school, decided, oh, in order to do this I got to take all of these loans to be able to go to school full time.    So the choice is that you work part time, maybe not be as effective in the school as a student. Or at that point in your life you don't qualify for anything because your income was too high, right? But his beginnings were, you know, very, very humble.    So I'm wondering, I have to imagine there's a lot of people in our country that are examples of that. You know, worked really hard, his mother was on food stamps, needed to get a job, went through various levels of employment and got fairly well paid. But then in order to go and get an education, to get a different track, there's nothing for him. I mean, he's either got a choice of working full time and going to school in a job that he's up all night, he really can't go to--I mean, this is a very specific example.    But I'm thinking there's a lot of people in that 27-year-old, 28-year-old category that may have already gotten a degree, but many of them who haven't even gotten the first degree, but we don't have an affordable way for them to go back and get training or CTE education. What are your thoughts on that?    Mr. Takano. Let me switch tracks a little bit. Let's talk about what it means to be college and career ready and how we can improve that transition into a training, you know, either a CTE program or a transfer program. I noticed that you have a lot of concurrent enrollment programs, you have early college.    What could the Federal Government do to help make this--I just spoke to a superintendent who's reduced his remediation rate by 50 percent. What can we do to help you all do things like that, reduce your remediation rate, get the community colleges to communicate more with the high schools and work together?    Mr. Takano. So high school faculty knows, has a clear idea what they need to do to get the kids prepared--