    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to ask this question of Mr. Horowitz, Mr. Roth and Mr. Whaley.    Recently it has come to light that in 2013 the DEA was caught impersonating an individual on Facebook, including using provocative photos of her and pictures of her children without her permission or knowledge. In a January 2015 article in Newsweek magazine, it stated that the Justice Department recently reached a settlement with the woman impersonated by the DEA to the tune of $134,000 of taxpayer money.    Additionally, there is a presentation that was put together by the DHS Inspector General's Office explaining how to use fake Facebook pages in an attempt to infiltrate drug rings. At the same time, the FBI is shopping for location-based social media monitoring.    Should law enforcement be able to utilize social media to monitor or impersonate Americans without a court order or informed consent of the Americans being impersonated, as other types of monitoring require?    Mr. Chabot. Mr. Roth?    Mr. Chabot. Mr. Whaley?    Mr. Chabot. All right, very good. Well, we appreciate your attention to this matter to the degree possible. Let me move on to another question.    Mr. Horowitz, I will ask you about this. Your testimony touches on two specific OIG reports regarding misconduct by employees with the DOJ, specifically referring to those actions by DEA employees. I was interested in finding out about whether or not there has been any review of the DEA's use of the license plates LPR technology in unsavory or nefarious ways. During a recent staff briefing given by DEA employees, it was indicated that there have been no identified instances of misconduct by those law enforcement officers using the database of license plates.    Has there ever been an objective outside audit or review on this matter? And with all the other issues facing law enforcement branches of the DOJ, has this been an issue discussed internally, or do you take them on their word that all the users of the database system are using it specifically for law enforcement purposes and not for other purposes?    Mr. Chabot. All right. I would appreciate that, and I will have my staff follow up with you on that particular matter.    I will yield back at this time, Mr. Chairman.