    Mr. Desrocher. Chairman Ros-Lehtinen, Ranking Member Deutch, members of the committee, I am honored to appear before you today to discuss our relations with the Republic of Tunisia.    It is a pleasure to share this table with my talented friend and colleague, Maria Longi, USAID's deputy assistant administrator for the Middle East.    Tunisia's 2011 revolution sparked the Arab Spring or Arab Awakening, which continues to reverberate throughout the region. While other countries have struggled with their transitions, Tunisia has emerged with a nascent yet stable democratic government. Tunisians have a constitution widely hailed as one of the most progressive in the Middle East, and they have conducted two sets of transparent and credible elections.    I am happy to report that the Tunisian-American partnership continues to deepen and mature as we confront shared security challenges, build sustainable economic growth that benefits both nations, and build strong democratic inclusive tradition that serves as a model for the region.    Tunisia is a reliable partner, and we can make it stronger if we continue to show our support.    Tunisia continues to face considerable challenges. Between 3,000 and 6,000 Tunisians have joined extremist groups abroad, and the horrific attacks of 2015 underline the very real threat that extremists pose to Tunisia. We cannot address security challenges in Tunisia without discussing Libyan instability. The attackers in the Bardo and Sousse attacks received training in Libyan terrorist camps, and there are between 250,000 and 1 million Libyans currently displaced from their own country and living in Tunisia. Without a permanent political solution to the ongoing strife in Libya, Tunisia will continue to face real and persistent security challenges from across the border.    Our assistance funding is helping the Tunisian security services develop a more agile security forces that respect human rights and democratic principles. Tunisia has used the United States as a principal partner in its efforts to strengthen military and civil police authorities. Our support will enhance security forces' capacity to counter threats from internal and external groups, monitor Tunisia's borders, communicate, and coordinate internally more effectively, and combat terrorists in diverse environments.    Our support also helps the civilian criminal justice sector improve respect for the rule of law and promote citizens security and access to justice across Tunisia.    Additionally, in 2015, President Obama designated Tunisia a major non-NATO ally in recognition of our shared values and Tunisia's strategic importance as a democratic success and critical line of defense against instability.    Tunisia continues to develop long neglected government institutions, or practices of the old regime linger. We are concerned about reports of corruption at all levels of government. Tunisia's big 10 government moves slowly. The ongoing disputes in the key party of the governing coalition has slowed decision further and reforms do not come as quickly as we would like.    But Tunisian officials rightly take pride in their country's exemplary efforts to promote the rule of law, transparency, and accountability, reform its security sector, and reinforce principles of democratic governance. Tunisians across the spectrum of society recognize that human rights abuses and corruption must be addressed and actively seek ways to create change. In recognition of the important role of civil society in advancing reform, Tunisia has joined the open government partnership and is partnering with civil society to promote transparency, accountability and participation in government.    Senior government officials are working to address challenges and repeatedly voice their commitment to reform.    More needs to be done on all of these fronts, but establishing transparency and accountability mechanisms and a culture of zero tolerance of corruption will take time.    Tunisia's faltering economy compounds the challenges facing the Tunisian Government. GDP growth in 2015 was anemic at 0.08 percent. Last year's terrorist attacks devastated the tourism industry, unemployment is over 15 percent, and twice as high as that for recent graduates, those living in the interior of the country, and for women.    Despite these difficulties, the Tunisian Government has made meaningful progress on economic reforms. They have already passed public-private partnership, bankruptcy, and banking laws, among others. I am optimistic that Tunisians will pass the new investment code this summer. Such reforms are laying the groundwork for increased investment trade and private sector engagement between the United States and Tunisia.    As Tunisians move forward on reforms to take steps to provide economic opportunity, they are holding fast to their democratic ideals. The full range of political actors, including political Islamists, are working together constructively to build Tunisia's democratic traditions.    Our investments in Tunisia have been rewarded by the steady development of inclusive governance institutions and processes, increased stability and security, and great strides toward financial sustainability. As a strategic partner and powerful example of a successful Arab democracy, Tunisians still need and want our support.    The development of a fully functioning and transparent democracy will take time and patience as Tunisians' leaders strengthen their institutions. With the help of Congress and our interagency colleagues, we will continue our work to build an even stronger partner in a volatile region.    I want to thank you, again, for the opportunity to testify, and I look forward to answering any questions you might have. Thank you very much.    Mr. Desrocher. Thank you very much for your question.    Obviously, we are and remain extremely supportive and this administration is very supportive of Tunisia and Tunisian's efforts to build their democracy. And we have a robust interaction across many areas. Obviously, the assistance programs that we have talked about, but it goes beyond assistance to our governmental interactions and our interactions with the private sector.    We, of course, President Caid Essebsi was here last year to see President Obama, and Secretary Kerry was in Tunisia last fall for the strategic dialogue. We also have the joint economic committee, which has done a great deal to address the barriers to interactions and trade between our two private sectors. We have a joint military commission that deals with our military assistance issues, and we recently had very useful trade and investment framework agreement discussions about trade issues particularly in Tunisia.    On the assistance side, we have crafted our assistance program very carefully. We think it meets the requirements that Tunisia has. We think it is robust, and we will continue to have a robust program going forward.    We are moving forward with our military assistance across a broad range of areas designed to increase Tunisian security services' mobility, their surveillance capabilities, their border security capabilities, and we think that is very successful. We are moving forward on different aspects of military assistance very well and feel very positive about that. And we also have, you know, robust ESF programs that Maria has outlined, and you know, we feel confident that we have built an assistance program for Tunisia that matches its needs.    Mr. Desrocher. Thank you very much for the question.    Regarding Ennahda, the Ennahda party has played a very constructive role in the development of Tunisia's democracy since the revolution in 2011. They have played actively in the political sphere consistently, continuously since then. They have worked well with the rest of the Tunisian leadership in this very consensus-based approach that Tunisian leaders have taken to building their democracy. We think that is very laudable. Ennahda stepped back, last year, during a difficult period in Tunisia in favor of a caretaker government in advance of the national elections that were held last fall. Ennahda participated in those and is in Parliament and is also in the current cabinet and continues to participate very constructively.    As far as the announcements that you mentioned, you know, as you noted and as the leadership of Ennahda has said publicly, they are taking the step to draw distinction between political activities and between, you know, religious and cultural and civic activities.    What that will mean in practice I think that, you know, we will see going forward. But, certainly, Ennahda's track record suggests that they have up until now and we certainly, you know, think they will continue to play a very--make a very productive and useful contribution to the building of Tunisian's democracy.    Mr. Desrocher. That is something that concerns us as well. For many reasons, including, as you say, you know, it is not consistent with Tunisia's desire to create a welcoming environment for the investment that it so badly needs. This is a topic that we are in continuous contact with Tunisian counterparts about and also with Tunisians themselves. Our Embassy is in regular touch with advocacy groups that are concerned about these issues and it is something that we are concerned about and that we address with our Tunisian counterparts at every opportunity.    Mr. Desrocher. Certainly. You know, the influx of Libyans into Tunisia has certainly put a strain on, you know, the availability of housing, the Tunisian medical system, and so on, which I have to say, Tunisians have reacted extraordinarily admirably and supportively to this influx of refugees from Libya.    But it is something that is causing a strain. And really, you know, what, of course, we really need to do is redouble our efforts with Libyans, with our partners in the international community, to strengthen a unity government in Libya and to restore some stability there so that, you know, Tunisia is not put in the position of having to host this really considerable number of people.    Mr. Desrocher. About 11 million.    Mr. Desrocher. I am sorry. I am not real good at that kind of geography. Sorry.    Mr. Desrocher. No. For the record, nothing is bigger than Texas.    Mr. Desrocher. I would have to go back to be certain. I think it is--boy, you know, instead of speculating, I will go back and check. It is in the realm of a dozen or so, perhaps, slightly more. But let me get back to you.    Mr. Desrocher. 28 members of NATO.    Mr. Desrocher. Let me get back and make sure I know the numbers there, because they are spread all over the world.    Mr. Desrocher. The estimate is that roughly that number have left Tunisia to join Daesh and other extremist groups primarily in Iraq and Syria.    Mr. Desrocher. Yeah. That would be over the past years. Yes, that is right.    Mr. Desrocher. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Desrocher. Well, we have got, you know, very robust and close relations with our compatriots--with our counterparts, I should say, in the Tunisian security sector. And we are helping with lots of training. We are helping with material, particularly that helps in regards as far as mobility and border security and surveillance and so on.    And generally, as a rule, these foreign fighters are leaving the country in dribs and drabs through commercial means by various routes to get to Iraq and Syria. Meaning they are not really in a position to take things with them unfortunately.    Mr. Desrocher. Desrocher.    Mr. Desrocher. No. No. Not at all. These are young men, you know, generally from pretty challenged backgrounds who, you know, as I think a couple of the speakers have noted today, have been pulled in by some of this propaganda that we all see regarding ISIL and its goals. But this is--no, it is not a leadership issue in that sense.    Mr. Desrocher. Yeah. Tunisia has a very potent trade union history, I guess I would say. The largest umbrella organization is something called the UGTT, and, in fact, the UGTT was one of the four members of the quartet that won the Nobel prize, the Nobel Peace prize, for their contribution to building the consensus that helped lead to this democratic revolution, this the post revolutionary period, the democratic governance.    The labor unions are--have considerable weight in Tunisia, and they are part of this dialogue about how to reform the economy.    Mr. Desrocher. Sorry?    Mr. Desrocher. I think it would cover all those areas, teachers, government employees.    Mr. Desrocher. Yes. Yes, they do.    Mr. Desrocher. Well, I would say certainly, I mean, again, in Tunisia, control of weapons is not a tremendous concern of ours. Of course, like I say, we are continuously in touch with our Tunisian military counterparts as part of our security assistance program to talk about such things. But you are right, the weapons that were in the hands of the Qadhafi regime and their potential spread is something that we need to keep an eye on.    Mr. Desrocher. And I invite you to chime in as well.    I think Tunisia is important to us for a number of reasons. The Tunisians have already built and are still building, you know, a very impressive democratic system in the face of great challenges and, you know, in the face of a history that is, you know, frankly, was not very supportive of democracy.    The Egyptians are trying to make that change. As we have seen through so much of the world making that transition to democracy is a very challenging thing. And I think it is in our interests to support that just as a general principle, and we do. And, of course, that aside, Tunisia is in a difficult region, most importantly, it has a very challenging neighbor in Libya and in the unstable situation in Libya, which, you know, the threat from that instability in Libya could potentially spread more broadly, which is certainly something we don't want to see. And it is very much in our interests to help our Tunisian friends prepare and strengthen not only their democracy, but their economy, and their security, in a way that helps them be a bull worker against that instability.    Mr. Desrocher. I would point to a couple of factors. I mean, fundamentally, I think, what the Tunisians have done right is they have been guided by a sense of consensus and by a sense of, despite, perhaps, differing political or economic approaches, the sense of a need to move together and work together.    For example, I would highlight, you know, I mentioned before the Nobel Peace prize that was given to a quartet of organizations for the role they played in bringing together Tunisians to support the revolution. And this was a disparate group of people. It included both the trade union that I mentioned but it also the employers, an organization whose acronym is UTICA, which is the employers' union. And these are organizations that don't necessarily see eye to eye on, say, economic matters but definitely saw eye to eye along with their compatriots and the quartet, and Tunisia's political parties on the need to work together. And I think that we have seen that over the past few years as, you know, there is wide support--as difficult as these economic reforms are, there is wide support across the Tunisian political leadership for these reforms despite their difficulty.    And as basically to the role of political Islam, I would just note again, that we have talked a bit already about the role that Ennahda is playing, and it is--as Mr. Deutch said, it made an announcement yesterday that it is splitting its civil and religious activities away from its political activities.    Mr. Desrocher. But it remains a political party with an Islamic bent, but it is one that has proven itself to work within the political system----    Mr. Desrocher. Well, I mean, I think Maria, you know, hit the point on the head. I think that the challenge that Tunisia faces is not so much that I can't point to, say, this mistake or that mistake, something that a decision should be different. What the real challenge is that the reforms, economic in governance building, in law enforcement, in security that need to move forward are things that--take time to implement.    And the economic situation there is challenging, the security situation there is challenging. And I know that Tunisians are moving as fast as they can, but it is really moving forward on those economic reforms to create jobs. Moving forward we are helping with reforms in the security sector so that they have civil police services that can enforce the law and enforce order while at the same time respecting civil rights and respecting the rule of law. Which is equally important.    And I guess if I were to sum up the challenge is that, you know, these kinds of reforms take time, and the difficult situation in Tunisia, means that time is very precious.    Mr. Desrocher. Go ahead.    Mr. Desrocher. Yeah. I will just note, just add that I think that covers it very well but on the security aspect the Tunisians are taking measures to bolster the security along their border with Libya, which we are helping them with. There are ties to go back between Libya and Tunisia that go back quite some time in relationships and communications that go back quite some time and poses a special challenge, but the Tunisians are working hard, to in much of the way that that Maria discussed, in trying to find ways to identify those who might be tempted by these ideologies and detect people before they head for the airport, before they head across the border and to try to set up the systems that are in place at the borders to prevent these people from leaving.    But it is a serious challenge and it is going to take a long-term solution.    Mr. Desrocher. I would definitely second that. I am optimistic because of the record that the Tunisians have built up over the past few years. They are pursuing the kinds of reforms that Maria described that they need to pursue. And these are not easy things to do but they are pursuing them despite the difficulty.