    Mr. SEPP. Mr. Chairman, Madam Ranking Member, I am honored to be here to discuss a central feature of our tax system, the examination process. Back in 1988, my organization, National Taxpayers Union, led a transpartisan coalition, which included American Civil Liberties Union and National Council of La Raza, business organizations, taxpayer groups, all on behalf of a taxpayer bill of rights. There have been subsequent coalitions, subsequent pieces of legislation, but one interesting facet of this process has been a lack of focus on improving examinations. They tended to focus instead on making reforms to the collection process. There is a wide range of problems that have been identified in the small business community that still need to be addressed, particularly pertaining to examinations.    I call them ``fear factors.'' One major fear factor has to do with the complexity of the tax system itself and the uncertainty that brings. The Ranking Member of the Full Committee, Congresswoman Velazquez, said this very eloquently in 2013. I quote, ``Many business owners worry that one simple mistake can lead to a costly and timely audit and at a time when many businesses are striving to expand, every dollar and hour counts.'' Quite true.    I also think we have to worry about intimidation tactics used against small businesses. We are witnessing right now a counter and paradoxical trend of speed up audits where businesses are getting audit notices and being asked to respond almost immediately to whether they want to even appeal. They do not even have time to consider the central issues of the audit itself. On the other hand, there are ``slow-down'' audits where the procedure drags on and on. Interest keeps accruing through no fault of the taxpayer and abatement of that interest is a very difficult matter to resolve indeed.    We also have the question of opportunity costs. When you look at very small businesses, under $100,000 in receipts, they tend to have a tax liability after examination, an additional tax of less than $10,000. They could easily rack up that much in legal and audit representation costs. Many if not most of them decide, in my opinion, not to fight it. That is why the audit appeal rate is so low. It hovers between 5 and 7 percent annually.    When they have these problems, the remedies in court remain pitifully small. The cap on attorney fees that they can recover if they prevail in court nowhere near matches the amount that they actually need to spend to prove their position.    There are other problems on the horizon. We are part of a coalition called the Coalition for Effective and Efficient Tax Administration involving more than a dozen associations representing thousands of businesses. We are identifying problems in the large business and international division with issuing designated summonses and designating cases for litigation, tactics which are normally supposed to be reserved for a very small number of uncooperative taxpayers or broad ranging, and they are being applied in consistently greater fashion and with more force, and the threat is being wielded to compel taxpayers into accepting the IRS's position. That is going to be a major problem for smaller businesses down the road. Taxpayer experts and litigation representatives, like Daniel Pilla, who has been before Congress in the past, has said he fully expects those kinds of tactics to migrate into the small business area and the self-employed area sooner or later.    There is the issue that is being discussed in Committee markup for the Financial Services and General Government Bill. One of your colleagues, Congressman Katko, is offering an amendment to block the IRS from hiring private outside counsel to participate deeply in the examination process. Essentially, farming out audits.    Now, this is currently applying to large business, the IRS hiring thousand-dollar-an-hour attorneys. You could easily see $300, $400 an hour attorneys working on small business liabilities. It happens because the IRS may consider the hazard of litigation in an appeal situation. They do not have to consider the cost of that litigation versus the tax due. So we have a volatile situation here.    We need to enact reforms ranging from S. 2809 by Senator Portman, which would address some of the CEETA Coalition's concerns, and the Small Business Taxpayer Bill of Rights, H.R. 1828, to reviewing the taxpayer advocates' most serious problems affecting small businesses, and coming together in a bipartisan fashion to address the factors of lack of trust, lack of certainty, and lack of remedies for small businesses in the audit process. We did it in 1988 and 1998. We can do it again. Thank you.    Mr. SEPP. There are some methods by which taxpayers can see redress if the IRS either loses documentation or if, perhaps, a math error on an examiner's part is discovered. That was something brought up to me in an interview I conducted with a tax professional. Interestingly, the IRS issues millions of math correction error notices on its own. Sometimes the IRS's own staff make mistakes in the calculation of a tax. The problem is, beyond going to appeals, and assuming the taxpayer even understands his or her appeal rights, getting into tax court or district court is a very expensive proposition. One of the elements of H.R. 1828, the Small Business Taxpayer Bill of Rights, would begin a pilot program for alternative dispute resolution in small business tax cases. That was an idea that had been developed by an IRS Reform Commission some 30 years ago, or 20 years ago I should say, and it is a good idea now. I think we should move forward with it.    Mr. SEPP. Yes, absolutely. Some professionals have reported to me, just the basic misunderstanding, that when taxpayers receive the so-called 30-day letter with an RAR, the report of the examiner, as to the issues and the position of the IRS, they think it is a bill. They think they have to pay it.    Mr. SEPP. It is very difficult sometimes. That is a problem the Taxpayer Advocate has pointed out, that there needs to be a single point-of-contact with a phone number that a citizen under examination can get in touch with. The IRS has interpreted that mandate in a very fluid fashion, and that is not very helpful.    Mr. SEPP. Some of these recommendations are being made by the Coalition for Effective and Efficient Tax Administration, but I think they apply not only to the large business and international division but small business and self-employed. There needs to be more centralized case management and points of contact. There needs to be much more consultation between the auditors and the audited about deadlines for information document requests, about timelines for completion of the audit, and about issues identified in the audit. I would echo the testimony of those here who say we need better training of IRS staff to focus more intently on the issues and to refrain from tactics such as designated summons or threatening to designate cases for litigation or hiring outside firms. Those kinds of issues, again, are eventually going to migrate into the small business community in some form or another. We need to address those now.    Mr. SEPP. Well, certainly, National Taxpayers Union has in the past supported allowing the private sector to deliver services more efficiently and effective than government, but you have to draw a line. This is an inherently governmental function involving sensitive information and very sensitive issues. When a business is involved, of course, anything that gets made public can affect the reputation of the business, its ability to attract capital and the like.    This issue was first raised when the Internal Revenue Service retained Quinn Emanuel in an investigation, an audit of a very large firm, and this has led to concerns on the Senate Finance Committee side of all kinds of things. We have privacy issues, we have whether this is worth the expense. We also have the issue of whether this is something that reinforces the intimidation factor when you have attorneys at over $1,000 per hour participating in the examinations. We are not talking about appearing as expert witnesses about issues that the examiners within the IRS might need help with, but rather, deposing witnesses. That could be very troubling.    Mr. SEPP. No. It is very recent. Very recent. We are essentially ahead of the curve here in our ability to curtail this practice before it becomes commonplace. As I mentioned, one of your colleagues, Congressman Katko, is already offering an amendment regarding this. Senator Portman's legislation has a somewhat different approach to curtailing the practice, but we need to get on this as quickly as possible.