    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here today.    There are so many different points and angles, and difficult to address them quickly in less than 5 minutes, but I want to touch on the point that many have made about the need to address and come up with an effective strategy to defeat this threat not only militarily but simultaneously ideologically; that, as you said, General Keane, as we saw with Al Qaeda, because this was never addressed up front we find ourselves in the situation that we are in today.    So my question is about how we deal with this issue within the construct. Each of you believe that there should be an AUMF passed to deal with this, and how that issue of ideology is addressed within this document.    And secondly, as we talk about what is coming in Mosul but also generally, as we look at the military strategy to defeat this enemy, why it is so important to address the ideology is, for example, if we had a primarily U.S.-led ground force it would play directly into the ideology and major recruiting propaganda that groups like ISIS are using, that this is a war between the West and Muslims, as opposed to supporting what President al-Sisi is calling for, this Arab regional ground force.    So specifically with the AUMF, I am wondering if you can address that question with regards to the fact that this must have a military and ideology component to the strategy.    We can start with General Keane.    General Keane. Well, you know I have very strong feelings about the fact that we have to recognize it for what it is. What we have failed to do is name the movement properly, then we don't define it, and we certainly have done a terrible job in explaining its ideology.    And by putting a magnifying glass on that ideology and then having the moderate and the traditionalist Muslims explain why the Islam that they are following is powerful and why 95, 97 percent of the Muslims in the world are following it, and why that should shape and define people's lives and why this other following is absolutely antithetical to it, that has to take place. And I would suggest that we are not the best to do that. This is about Muslims doing this, educating not only Muslims about it, but educating the rest of us about this.    And I do think the United States can play a leadership role here in terms of encouraging this and getting the majority of the Muslims, and there are many of them that speak out, but getting their clerical leaders to really speak out in a theological way to deal with this issue.    Certainly the military component here is what is right in front of us. We have a marauding enemy that is killing people every single day; most of it is not being exposed on the Internet.    And this kind of brutality and barbarism has to be stopped. The only way you can stop that killing is you have to kill the people who are doing it and--or you have to capture them.    All that said, we don't want to fight another movement like this 5 years from now or 8 years from now, and that is what brings in your comment about the ideology and countering that entire narrative. We need a longer-term issue to get at that.    And yes, there are conditions in this region that helped to grow some of this movement. Political reform, social justice, and some of the economic repression in the region are conditions that contribute to it. They are not necessarily central to it, but they are there contributing it and we have to have those kind of sensible dialogues with our friends in the region who, in fact, contribute to some of these problems.    Ms. Gabbard. Right. Sorry, I have got 1 minute.    I wanted to just ask Mr. Chesney both to address this but also the first point that you made about this AUMF lacking a purpose, a directly stated purpose, and how you could see that an effective winning strategy can be achieved and outlined, really, in this.    Ms. Gabbard. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Brooks.