    Ms. Taylor. Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the Committee, I am pleased to be here today to provide information on the programs and accomplishments of the Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services at the U.S. Department of Agriculture.    First, let me extend Under Secretary Scuse's apologies for not being able to join you here today and our appreciation for allowing me to testify in his place. Having started my career over a decade ago working for a Subcommittee Chairman on this very Committee, all I can say is it feels good to come home.    FFAS helps keep American farmers and ranchers in business as they face uncertainties from weather and markets. We deliver commodity, credit, conservation, disaster, emergency, and export assistance programs that improve the stability and strength of the rural economy.    Accompanying me today, as the Chairman said, is Administrator Val Dolcini of the Farm Service Agency; Administrator Brandon Willis of the Risk Management Agency; and Administrator Phil Karsting of the Foreign Agricultural Service.    Mr. Chairman, over the past 2 years, much of our work has been focused on implementing the 2014 Farm Bill, work we are truly proud of at the Department. The farm bill introduced two new farm safety net programs for program crop producers through FSA: The Agricultural Risk Coverage Program, or ARC; the Price Loss Coverage Program, or PLC. As a result of our aggressive producer outreach efforts, over 1.7 million producers elected to participate in these new programs.    FSA implemented the new Margin Protection Program for dairy last fall, and over 23,000 producers, over \1/2\ of all the U.S. dairy operations, enrolled for calendar year 2015 coverage. FSA provides a broad range of additional services for American agriculture from disaster assistance to marketing assistance loans to conservation programs. FSA also invests in opportunities in rural communities, providing a variety of loan programs to farm families who are temporarily unable to obtain the credit they need.    RMA has also been very successful in implementing the farm bill's crop insurance provisions. RMA released the actual production history yield exclusion option for 11 crops for the 2015 crop year, and expansion has already been announced for the 2016 crop year.    APH yield exclusion as well as the Supplemental Coverage Option are now available for all major crops and many fruits and nuts. In addition, the Stacked Income Protection Plan for producers of upland cotton, or STAX, is available for over 99 percent of cotton acreage. The beginning farmers and ranchers incentives at FS--or excuse me, at RMA authorized in the farm bill have already been utilized by over 13,500 beginning farmers and ranchers, saving them over $13.5 million in premiums and administrator fees. In addition, the farm bill instructed RMA to develop a Whole Farm Revenue Protection plan, which was available for the 2015 insurance year, and it will be available for all counties in the U.S. for the 2016 insurance year.    This is a first for the crop insurance program. The efforts of the FAS, combined with our market promotion programs and in collaboration with the agricultural community, have contributed to the strongest 6 years in history for U.S. agricultural exports. For many American products, foreign markets represent more than \1/2\ of total sales. These U.S. agricultural products support about one million jobs here at home.    Over numerous farm bills, Congress has refined our agricultural market development programs, the largest of which is the Market Access Program, which benefits a diverse range of U.S. commodities. Also, the Market Development Program, like MAP, involves work with our agricultural cooperator partners. These programs are found to be highly effective. An independent study found that they provide $35 in economic benefits for every $1 spent by the government or industry.    FAS leads USDA's efforts to help developing countries increase food security, improve their agricultural systems, and build their trade capacity. For example, the McGovern-Dole Program provides support to child nutrition projects. We are quite proud that since the program was established in 2002, it has benefited more than 30 million children in 38 countries.    FAS trade negotiators are advocating on behalf of U.S. agriculture and the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, or T-TIP. FAS experts are a key part of our negotiating team.    TPP and T-TIP are opportunities not only to address market access commitments but also non-tariff barriers that impede our agricultural exports. Once these agreements are in place, the United States will enjoy improved market access and increased competitiveness to \2/3\ of the global economy. I am proud to have the opportunity to work with such outstanding individuals in the FFAS mission area every day, individuals who I have seen work tirelessly over the past 2 years for the betterment of farmers and ranchers in rural communities.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here today, and we look forward to any questions you may have.    Ms. Taylor. Certainly, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for that question. USDA has been in active conversations with our office in Geneva. FAS has employees at the mission there, and we have been very active and in conversations with Ambassador Punke, who heads the mission in Geneva, and Ambassador Vetter, who heads the Ag Office here. U.S. agriculture has really benefited from the WTO system having a rules-based international trading system. It has opened markets, and it has really helped contribute to last year being a record year of agricultural exports of $150 billion. We have a strong interest in concluding Doha, the Doha Development Round in Nairobi; however, we are not interested in unilaterally making concessions, particularly on the side of domestic support where a growing problem internationally is really some of the increased support from emerging economies.    We continue to have conversations through--and we will in the weeks and months to come, and we will certainly keep the Committee apprised. I think it is a little too early to know exactly how this will all come about in December.    However, I do think it is important to highlight that the WTO hasn't been our only option, and that is why we have aggressively pursued agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership that really give our agricultural producers a lot of new market opportunities around the world.    The Chairman. All right. Well, thank you, and obviously, that is at the front of a lot of our producers' minds as they watch those talks unfold.    Val, could you talk to us a little bit about the interpretation on the AGI with respect to pass-through entities and the impact that not allowing a section 179 deduction to reduce the income there in terms of a separate application of the payment limit rule? Can you visit with us about the impact of that, and we are seeing it, a disproportionate impact of what we intended to have. Can you walk us through that a little bit?    Ms. Taylor. Thank you, Congresswoman. I appreciate that question.    I will actually turn it over to Administrator Dolcini, who has worked really closely on this issue, so he can elaborate further.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman. As directed by the 2014 Farm Bill, it gave us some clear direction to take a look at the actively engaged rule due to active farm management, but it also gave us some strict confines to really operate under. One was an exclusion for entities solely comprised of family members. This fall--or excuse me, this spring, we published a proposed rule. That time closed. We received just under 100 comments.    Currently we are analyzing those comments, addressing them within the final rule. As the rulemaking process is continuing, we don't have an exact timeline for when the final rule will be published, but we will certainly keep your office and the Committee apprised as we go forward, and we are certainly cognizant of keeping producers informed of whatever the new rules may be but also not changing rules midstream for producers as well.    Ms. Taylor. As actually directed by the farm bill, they also put some requirements for USDA to consider the size of operations and also the complexity of certain operations. We received some comments to that effect. In the proposed rule we allowed additional farm managers, whether if the operation was large or if it was complex, and two additional if it was large and complex. We received some comments on those limits, and we are taking a look at those through the rulemaking process.    Ms. Taylor. I think some of the lessons that we learned is these were new programs to farmers. It was a whole different way for agricultural producers to really think about a farm safety net. For the first time, they had required options they were going to have to make, as opposed to the direct payment program beforehand.    We certainly appreciated the money this Committee directed toward development of some online tool resources. We partnered with Texas A&M and the University of Illinois to develop two different online tools so producers could kind of run scenarios on what these programs may do in the future based upon different commodity scenarios.    We also worked through extension to provide education throughout the country, in counties all over the country. I think those resources were extremely valuable in educating producers on brand new programs and a whole new concept to the farm safety net.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman. Well, first off, I will state that cotton is one of our agricultural cooperators, and so we continue to partner with them through some of our market development programs on MAP and FMD, where we are able to help promote cotton into new markets or expand into existing markets, so we are continuously looking for new cotton markets for our U.S. grown cotton.    Also, we continue to have conversations, in the larger overall WTO context on subsidies around the world and their impact on production around the world, that trade distorting subsidies from any country, not just the United States, have a market distortion impact, and so we continue to have those conversations within the context of the WTO.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman Rouzer. Pork is also very important to Iowa as well, my home state.    Ms. Taylor. I certainly understand the importance that you emphasize on that. We continue to have ongoing technical discussions and political discussions with our South African colleagues. Two weeks ago, I was in Gabon for the AGOA forum where we met with South Africa again. We actually have a technical team there this week continuing those discussions on the host of SPS issues we have with South Africa. And then also we have the ongoing out-of-cycle review under AGOA as well for South Africa.    So we continue to press them at every venue we have possible on resolving our market access issues.    Ms. Taylor. I think the ongoing conversation that has been out there, it has been important for them to see that this is important for hosts, not just one industry, but all three, pork, beef, and poultry industries, that are being affected within the United States.    Ms. Taylor. First off I would just say, USDA believes MAP and FMD are critical tools to get into new markets or to expand into existing markets. The demand for these programs really continues to grow as new program participants come in, new commodities, new exports are showing interest in utilizing them. We continually look for the best options to manage the programs. We do take oftentimes a small portion for administrative fees, but also sometimes if we are not using those, we actually give them back at the end of the fiscal year like we did last year.    So we are always looking for new opportunities to expand our agricultural mixes for exports that we are doing while maintaining the best management of the program possible.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman. As you mentioned, we recently announced $100 million in matching grants where about 21 states have delivered projects to match that on an over one-on-one basis. We are using authority under the Commodity Credit Corporation charter.    What we have actually found is this will certainly boost the renewable energy economy, but it is also going to be able to bring more choices to consumers, and we have found that one out of ten cars on the road today are flex fuel. However, there is a limited infrastructure out there. So this is really giving more choice to consumers all over the country.    Ms. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that, Phil. I would just add, Congressman, that the issues are slightly different in T-TIP----    Ms. Taylor. Yes, sir. This is a study done independent several years ago by our cooperator groups, and they did find that for every $1 that the government or industry is spending in market development programs, we are seeing an additional $35 in agricultural exports stimulated.    Ms. Taylor. Congressman, if I may take that question, I had the opportunity to be at the last formal TPP ministerial, which was a few months ago in Hawaii.    The dairy industry, we have been working very closely with the dairy industry and in a final deal that is commercially meaningful for them. Obviously, the U.S. is in a unique spot. We have offensive and defensive interests as it comes to dairy trade. But we are working very closely with them on a deal in not just Canada but also Japan, that is commercially meaningful.    I think also when you look at some of the other trading partners, there is a lot of interest there in markets like Vietnam and Malaysia which have growing middle classes. Over 40 percent in both of those countries, over 40 percent of their population is 25 years old or younger. And so as their populations age, they are going to be looking for a higher quality food, whether that is meat, dairy, fresh fruits and vegetables, things the United States really excels at producing.    And as we have looked globally at competitive agricultural production, the U.S. cost of production has come much more in line with New Zealand or Australia, so we are much more competitive globally, and our exports in dairy are reflecting that. Today, roughly 15 percent of our dairy products produced are being exported globally.    Ms. Taylor. We have long said that TPP needs to be a comprehensive agreement for the United States, but for all trading partners as well. What that is meaning for Canada is some of the supply managed programs, that we are going to need meaningful access there. That is dairy, but that is also in poultry and eggs as well.    Ms. Taylor. The ongoing negotiations are very fluid, and so saying what that might or might not be is hard at this stage, but certainly we are looking at the whole package, so there is definitely a Canadian component here; but it is much broader than that. It is also what market access we can get into Japan and some of the other countries I mentioned like Vietnam and Malaysia.    But certainly are happy to keep the Committee apprised as the negotiations continue and near finalized agreement and what that dairy package actually looks like.    Ms. Taylor. Congressman, from our perspective, Canada is going to need to offer commercially meaningful access into their dairy market. But what that criteria looks like, for the U.S. Government, but also our dairy industry, is looking at this a little more holistically for the entire agreement. And so what the exact Canadian criteria are, are very fluid because it is the overall trade picture through the 11 other TPP parties that we are negotiating with.    Ms. Taylor. Not in this context. I don't know if that is necessarily exactly defined, but certainly something worth value to our producers in an economic way to our dairy processors in an economic way.    Ms. Taylor. Congressman, I don't have those exact poundage numbers with us, but we will certainly be happy to follow-up with your office with the numbers after the hearing.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman. This is getting back to Administrator Karsting's point a little earlier about our presence all over the world. We have employees, the Foreign Agricultural Service has employees in roughly 96 countries, but they touched well over 150 countries through regional coverage as well; and they are our eyes and ears.    While the Russia situation is ongoing, we are continually working to open markets all over the world within the context of TPP and T-TIP but also just bilaterally and working through a host of market access issues that arise every day. Whether it is facility registration for dairy products or things of that nature, we continue to work on a bilateral basis and a case-by-case basis; and our footprint on the ground really allows us to react quickly to ensure markets stay open.    Ms. Taylor. Certainly, Congressman. Thank you for that question. I will talk a little bit about T-TIP specifically. I think the issues, the negotiations themselves are very different. In T-TIP you have two very mature economies, developed economies, where we already are doing a lot of trade. The EU is already our fifth leading trading partner, and that is with oftentimes high tariffs on agricultural products and a host of non-tariff barriers or SPS barriers that is preventing trade.    Really what we are having conversations on during the T-TIP negotiations are about real predictability in the regulatory process with the EU. What we see oftentimes with the EU is they have a scientific process that works quite well. It is called the ESF Committee. And they go through their scientific review. They find similar to what our scientists find in our regulatory processes, whether it is on certain pathogen reduction treatments or washes for meats and poultry or through certain approval of events in biotechnology.    But then they have this political layer, and oftentimes then that is when it gets stuck. We don't know the path forward. We don't know how long that path forward can take. So what we are trying to do is build a process around the negotiations that will bring certainty that once the science is done, we don't get stuck at that political layer.    Ms. Taylor. In TPP, many of our trading partners are working through, they are setting up their food safety systems or revising the regulations that we see today. Vietnam recently did a complete overhaul of their food safety system and food safety laws and regulations. We actually had, through some of our technical exchanges, helped them in that process. So in TPP, we worked a lot about recognizing international science-based standards, a rules-based process, having good regulations on the books. The same rules-based, science-based principles apply in TPP, just in a slightly different way.