    Mr. Rohrabacher. Years ago, when I was in high school, which seems, really, I guess it was in another century, I remember when I was in Los Angeles when in high school, and we were not permitted to go out and do strenuous exercises because the pollution levels in Los Angeles were so high that perhaps once or twice a week they called a pollution emergency. Today, I think it happens once or twice a year, so there has been a dramatic reduction in the air pollution, at least in southern California, and I take it from the testimony that we've heard that that's true throughout the rest of the country as well.    We have to attribute that to the fact that there has been regulation that has been successful, and those of who have a natural inclination against regulation need to be honest about that, and the question is, is whether or not we have come to a point or when we did come to that point where such regulation actually does not clean the air but there are natural sources of pollution when you have to want to maintain a certain standard of living for people. If we're going to have civilization, there will be-- manufacturing will take place. If you do not have manufacturing, people will get sick for other reasons other than just the air.    The question is for you, Dr. Paulson. Has there been a decrease in the number of illnesses, air-pollution-related illnesses that has been recorded in these last 10, 15 years as the pollution level's gone down?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Excuse me. You're not answering my question, please. I'm asking you specifically, because the pollution levels have gone down and now do we see as the pollution level's gone down this decrease in the number of diseases related to that pollution?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So we have a leveling off and not--there's been this dramatic decrease in the pollution but there's only been a leveling off, so maybe we have reached a point that the pollution level is more of a natural level that human beings can relate to. Perhaps maybe the other witnesses----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Go right ahead.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, there are also, as we know, natural--for example, we are called deniers over here if you don't go along with the fact that CO<INF>2</INF> is changing our climate, but we know that 90 percent of the CO<INF>2</INF> in the air comes from natural sources and not human sources, and at some point you have to relate what level of whatever we're talking about actually relates directly to people's health, and do the other witnesses have any----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Listen, can I ask the other witnesses to comment on that as well?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So at some point where if you have a problem and at some point you come to a position where it is no longer cost-effective to do that, to have that activity, and while we have to admit that from the time when I was in high school until now when the pollution levels are lower, that maybe that was very cost-effective and many of the things that the good doctor is telling us about has resulted from that but maybe we now have reached a point here it's so costly that it's counterproductive, and on our side of the aisle at least, we believe that entrepreneurs and manufacturers, when you actually put them in contest with the bureaucracy, they usually lose, and bureaucracy--where manufacturers can give us good products to use, usually bureaucracy is able to turn pure energy into solid waste, and that's about all.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.