    Admiral Tighe. Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for your support to our military and the opportunity to appear before you today.    Since my Fleet Cyber Command predecessor, Admiral Mike Rogers, last testified before this subcommittee in July of 2012, the Department of Defense, U.S. Cyber Command, and the service components have significantly matured our operations and cyber operational capabilities. I appreciate the opportunity to outline Navy-specific progress over the past 2 years, where we are headed to address an ever-increasing threat, and how budgetary uncertainty is likely to impact our progress and operations.    Fleet Cyber Command directs the operations to secure, operate, and defend Navy networks within the Department of Defense Information Network . We operate Navy networks as a warfighting platform which must be aggressively defended from intrusion, exploitation, and attack. The Navy network consists of more than 500,000 end user devices, approximately 75,000 network devices, and nearly 45,000 applications and systems across 3 security enclaves.    We have transformed the way we operate and defend over the past 2 years based on operational lessons learned. Specifically, beginning in summer of 2013, we, with Admiral Rogers at the helm at the time, fought through an adversary intrusion into Navy's unclassified network.    Under the named operation known as Operation Rolling Tide, Fleet Cyber Command drove out the intruder through exceptional collaboration with affected Navy commanders, U.S. Cyber Command, the National Security Agency, the Defense Information Security Agency, and our fellow cyber service components. Although any intrusion upon our network is troubling, this operation served as a learning opportunity that has both matured the way we operate and defend our networks and simultaneously highlighted gaps both in cybersecurity posture and in our defensive operational capabilities.    As a result of this operation and other cybersecurity initiatives inside of the Navy, we have already made, proposed, or planned for a nearly $1 billion investment between the years of fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2020 that will greatly reduce the risk of successful cyberspace operations against Navy networks. Of course, these investments are built on the premise that our future budgets will not be drastically reduced by sequestration.    Specifically, if budget uncertainty continues, we will have an increasingly difficult time addressing this very real and present danger to our national security and maritime warfighting capabilities. Operationally, and on a 24-by-7 and 365 days a year, Fleet Cyber Command is focused on configuring and operating layered defense in-depth capabilities to prevent malicious actors from gaining access to our Navy networks in collaboration and cooperation with our sister services, U.S. Cyber Command, Joint Forces Headquarters-DODIN, DISA, and the National Security Agency. Additionally we are driving towards expanded cyber situational awareness to inform our network maneuvers and reduce risk in this space.    As you know, Navy and other service components are building the maneuver elements in the Cyber Mission Force for U.S. Cyber Command by manning, training, and certifying teams to the U.S. Cyber Command standards. The Navy is currently on track to have personnel assigned for all 40 teams, all 40 of the Navy-sourced Cyber Mission Force teams in 2016, with full operational capability in the following year.    Additionally, between now and 2018, an additional 298 cyber Reserve billets will also augment the cyber force manning plan. In delivering on both U.S. Cyber Command's and the U.S. Navy's requirements in cyberspace, I am fortunate to have these component commanders as partners in addition to the many organizations who are not represented here but are every bit a member of team cyber.    Thank you again, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you, Admiral, very much.    And General O'Donohue.    General O'Donohue. Thank you, sir.    Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and distinguished members of this subcommittee, it is an honor to appear before you today. On behalf of your Marines, our civilian Marines, and their families, I thank you for your continued support as we pursue a multi-year joint cyberspace strategy.    Marines have a legacy of operating in any clime or place. Whether at sea with the Navy, or working shoulder to shoulder with our joint, interagency, and coalition partners, we are standing ready to respond to crises around the globe, bringing to employ combined arms across the air, land, and sea domains. We are now entering an era of transition where the cyber domain will be fully integrated in the same way.    Our Commandant has laid out a clear vision to increase the capacity and capability of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force to fully integrate cyberspace operations. MARFORCYBER is leading the effort to ensure that we institutionalize this vision across the Marine Corps, to include by participating in over 30 exercises last year. As a service component to U.S. Cyber Command, MARFORCYBER in conjunction with its service partners, conducts full-spectrum cyberspace operations to enable freedom of action across the cyberspace domain and deny the same to our adversaries. Additionally, MARFORCYBER provides direct support to United States Special Operations Command's missions worldwide.    To support these operations, we are building the Cyber Mission Force, and these forces are achieving operational outcomes today. These achievements are helping us to shape the vision for the future of cyberspace operations for the Marine Corps, as part of the joint, interagency, and combined force.    Last June, U.S. Cyber Command certified our first Cyber Mission Team and our first national Cyber Protection Team. During this time our second Cyber Mission Team reached its initial operation capability. MARFORCYBER is on track to have over 75 percent of its teams resourced by the end of 2015. To expedite this force build, the Marine Corps has dedicated 16 percent of its retention bonuses for our cyberspace professionals. And based on lessons learned, we have streamlined our personnel and training pipeline as we deal with the surge requirements of a startup force.    In addition, we have expanded the opportunities and developed procedures for our teams to work with increasing effectiveness across the joint and interagency force. This has been a combat multiplier. At the bottom line, we are fielding the cyber forces required by our strategy and provided by the President's budget, ready, on time, and with increasing operability in ways that we had not imagined. As we build the force, MARFORCYBER is achieving operational outcomes in stride by supporting joint, interagency, and coalition partners at home and overseas. Every day we are planning cyberspace operations, defending the network, and standing ready when directed by U.S. Cyber Command to conduct offensive cyberspace operations. Increasingly, combatant commanders and special operation forces now see cyberspace operations not as a special staff function, but essential to everything that warfighters do.    Currently, we are pursuing a considered joint and service strategy for the multi-year development of a unified network that will facilitate command and control, provide real-time situational awareness, and assist with decision support to commanders at all levels. For the Marine Corps, this network will be optimized for operational support to forces as they are deployed across the globe and as they train for crisis response. In an unstable and unpredictable security environment, the Marines provide a ready, forward, expeditionary extension of cyber capability for the joint, interagency, and combined force.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, and thank you for your continued support to our national treasure, our Marine civilians and their families, I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. General, thank you very much.    And General Wilson.    General Wilson. Chairman Wilson, Ranking Member Langevin, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today with my fellow commanders.    It is an honor to represent the outstanding men and women of Air Forces Cyber and 24th Air Force. I am extremely proud of the work our airmen, officers, enlisted, and civilians do each and every day to field and employ cyber capabilities in support of combatant and Air Force commanders. In the interest of time, let me share just a few examples to highlight how our airmen are making positive lasting impacts to our Nation.    Since we last briefed the subcommittee, the Air Force completed migration of our unclassified networks from many disparate systems into a single architecture. We transitioned over 644,000 users across more than 250 geographic locations to a single network and reduced over 100 Internet access points into a more streamlined 16 gateways. The end result has been a more reliable, affordable, and most importantly, defensible network.    The Air Force has also championed the fielding of next-generation technology by partnering with the Army and Defense Information Systems Agency to support the transition to a Joint Information Environment . Together we are implementing Joint Regional Security Stacks and making enhancements to our networks in order to achieve a single DOD security architecture. The combined team achieved a critical milestone last September when they fielded their first security stack, and we have continued to push hard on these efforts, which will benefit the entire Department by reducing our network attack surface and increasing network capacity and capabilities.    Like the other services, we have made significant progress towards fielding and employing our initial Cyber Mission Forces. Today, Air Forces Cyber has 15 teams that achieved initial operating capability, and 2 teams have reached full operating capability. In addition to providing unprecedented support to joint and coalition combat forces in Afghanistan and Syria, these cyber forces are wholly engaged in support of combatant and Air Force commanders around the world, as well as in defense of the Nation.    I am proud to report our Air Reserve Component is a full partner in the Cyber Mission Force build, in addition to our other day-to-day cyber operations. We are leveraging traditional reservists, Air Reserve technicians, and Air National Guardsmen across the command to meet our warfighting commitments. Whether it is commanding and controlling cyber forces from one of our operation centers, deploying as part of our combat communications team, installing cyber infrastructure around the world, or any other task, each of our total force members meet the same demanding standards and serve alongside our Active Duty counterparts. In my humble opinion, it is a tremendous example of total force integration in action.    The Air Force has also instituted several key initiatives to better recruit, develop, and retain our cyber forces. Most recently, we approved a Stripes for Certifications Program which provides the opportunity for candidates to enlist at a higher grade when entering the Air Force with desired cyber-related certifications. We have also continued our selective reenlistment bonus program to provide additional incentives for enlisted members to continue to serve in the demanding cyber and intelligence specialties.    For our officers, we have complemented the cyber warfare operations career track which we established several years ago with a new cyber intermediate leadership program. The objective is to identify qualified cyber and intelligence officers and provide them the right professional growth opportunities. We held our first board just recently and competitively selected 83 majors and senior captains from across the cyber fields to serve in key command and operational positions, many as integral members of the Cyber Mission Force.    And finally, we continue to support a host of initiatives aimed at improving the outreach to our Nation's youngest generation. I would like to highlight just one that will be culminating here in DC on March 12. It is called CyberPatriot and sponsored by the Air Force Association in partnership with local high schools and middle schools around the country, several industry partners, as well as cyber professionals from the Air Force.    CyberPatriot's goal is to inspire students to pursue careers in cybersecurity or other STEM career fields. At the beginning of the school year in September, over 2,100 teams, 2,100 teams, involving nearly 10,000 students in the U.S., Canada, United Kingdom, and our DOD schools overseas, participated in cyber training and competitions. We have seen a 40 percent increase in participation this year. As I mentioned, CyberPatriot will culminate here locally at the National Harbor with 28 teams competing in the national finals. Students will earn national recognition and scholarships. Without a doubt, the program is an exemplar of how public-private partnership can make a real difference. Personally, it has been rewarding to see our airmen giving back to our younger generation.    These are just a handful of examples to share how our airmen are pushing hard to increase cyber capability and capacity across the command. Believe me, Air Forces Cyber and 24th Air Force are all in and fully committed to the mission.    Our cyber force is more capable than ever before and continues to get better every day. None of this would be possible without your continued support. As you have heard from my counterparts, the need for the support will only increase in importance as we move forward. It is clear resource stability in the years ahead will best enable our continued success in developing airmen and maturing our capabilities to operate in, through, and from the cyberspace domain. Simply put, our cyber warriors truly are professionals in every sense of the word, and they deserve our full support.    Along with my fellow commanders, it is an honor to be here today. Thank you again for the opportunity. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you very much, General, and that was fascinating to find out about the involvement of students. What a great opportunity. And I know it has to be reassuring to the American people, your service, your personnel, the families that are supportive of your personnel, and I just thank each of you for protecting American families and advancing our national security.    We will now go into our round of 5 minutes of each member. Kevin Gates, who is our professional staff person, will keep the time. Members of Congress need timekeepers more than other people, beginning with me.    And so as we begin, Admiral Rogers, given the increasing and evolving cyber threats, what are critical steps that Congress can do to enable CYBERCOM accomplish your mission?    Admiral Tighe. Yes, Chairman.    Our approach to building in resiliency runs the gamut from technological innovation in our networks to the notion of fighting through cyber attacks when we are under attack. The people, the processes that we have, the method by which we fight through a cyber attack, is really a very large part of our warfighting approach to how we defend our networks.    And so when we talk about the technological side, that is about getting the capabilities from the boundary of the Internet all the way down to our individual host systems in a way that we can monitor and understand our own networks, and monitor and understand any threats that may be traversing through our networks. And so having that built in, which many of those new capabilities are coming in as a result of Operation Rolling Tide, we have learned where we had gaps and are instituting some of those defense-in-depth capabilities and standardizing interfaces across systems and networks that talk to each other.    Beyond our corporate networks that I am responsible for operating and defending, as you know, we have many applications, weapons systems, and other types of systems in the Navy that are necessary to accomplish our mission that hang off of our networks. And so making sure we understand how we are interfacing with those networks, how we are extending our protections to them, is a big part of our program and budget subnet in building those capabilities in and codifying across all of the acquisition commands who build systems for the Navy, building on technology, building on operating systems, all coming potentially with cyber vulnerabilities if we haven't built it into the front end of that acquisition process.    So in summary, I think the resiliency that we are looking for includes both the technological advances we have planned into our system and how we organize and defend with the personnel and the analytic capability to understand what is going on in our network so we can respond quickly.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Well, we certainly appreciate your professionalism. And this is going to be a really quick question, General Cardon. What is the status of establishing the Cyber Command in the district, in the community next door to me at Fort Gordon, Georgia?    General Cardon. Sir, we have a $90 million appropriation that should break ground here October, November of this year. So we are really excited about that. That will be the focal point for cyber for the Army.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Central Savannah area is really looking forward to your presence.    I now proceed to Congressman Langevin.    Admiral Tighe. Congressman, if I may, I think the point on the STEM is really, really important. And as early as we can get the STEM, get our young kids motivated in STEM, the better. We need them to be comfortable with technology and be comfortable as analysts, if you will.    We have to connect the dots a lot of time. We need our workforce to be able to connect dots, not just understand technology but understand what is really happening when you don't have the full picture.    And so the STEM programs tend to do that for our young people. I think at the same time--so puzzles and things of that nature. But I think at the same time there are also programs that we have been able to leverage sponsored by National Science Foundation and others. Scholarships For Service is a program that gets graduate-level education and college education and contributes to that education with a stipend, for example, but then they come into the Federal service in cyberspace. And so some of those kinds of programs are also, I think, very valuable in exposing our young people and our college-age students to cybersecurity challenges, but also sort of bringing them into the government as a first job.    Admiral Tighe. Chairman, I would say that, from the Navy perspective, we are building the teams just like the other service components at places where I have already got commands. So I have a command structure where we are growing teams, and there are enabling functions associated with growing a large number of military people, you know, personnel, inside of a command, and civilians.    And so some of those kinds of enabling functions have not, you know, really been thought through in terms of how many career counselors do you need, how many SAPR counselors and victim advocates and those kind of things. And so certainly, when we added the Cyber Mission Force, it was all about that maneuver element.    But, in some cases, we have placed burdens on commands that may not have had sufficient capacity to deal with that growth. And so that is an area that we are definitely looking at, where we go from here in terms of both the enabling and, as Admiral Rogers said, the command and control parts of it.    General O'Donohue. Sir, from the Marine perspective, you know, enabling the whole force really is what cyber is. You have a certain amount of expertise represented in the specialized skills. We have folks down here with the ability of the force to train and exercise.    This comes from the resiliency aspect of it and the idea that down to the network operator level or down to the end user, he is able to operate in a contested and degraded environment, in fact, compromised, and every level of command is integrated at cyber less and not just what is specifically designated as a cyber force.    So one aspect of that is the training exercises that gets a whole force and also provides an enabler to the specialists, who are the catalysts. But it has to be seen as a comprehensive capability across the force and integrated like any other combined arms.    One help for that is a persistent training environment. This helps realistically fight a network without an adversary and enable to test the force and build resiliency. Also, it has another effect in terms of acquisitions, which is another area, not so much money, certainly an acquisition program that is tailored to this new capability that we are developing.    Within the persistent training environment, you can get the collective skills across the force, but also you can test the vulnerabilities of things that we are going to acquire and bring into it in the overall operational context.    General Wilson. Sir, I would just echo a couple of things and add a few.    One is integrated command and control has been key. We have seen that today at the tactical level, if we are able to integrate our command and control elements. That has been a challenge because we have been resourcing the maneuver element. We have not resourced the command and control. So that has been a bit of a challenge. But we see that as a key enabler tactically.    In addition, similar to the Navy, some of the support structure was not put in because of some of the sequestration cuts, if that stays. And so we have got those laid in in our current budget. So if we move back to BCA levels, that may put some stress on the support structure.    The couple things I would add is we see tremendous leverage with a Reserve Component. So our Guard and Reserve partners--they are conducting the mission every day for a couple of reasons.    One, we see tremendous talent and unique skill sets that come in the door that complement the training that we give them and the types of operations we are doing. It also offers our Active Duty members that make a decision to leave the service some options on continuing to serve by wearing a uniform and coming back in the door on a bit limited basis from just a time perspective. But we get to retain that talent and the experience.    So that has been a key enabler for us. We have been doing that for years. But we are seeing that magnified in the CMF, the Cyber Mission Force.    I would echo also we really are going through a culture change. We have a very--it is a contested, degraded, and potentially operational limited environment. And so that culture of having to operate through that kind of environment is different. And so moving the whole force--not just the cyber experts, but everyone--into that and through those training exercises and exposing them to that is key.    And then, finally, I would add it is quickly becoming a commander's business. Just like in industry, we are seeing in a C-suite business--CEOs , COOs , et cetera--it is not just the CIO's problem anymore. This is key. To have mission success, this has got be to a commander's business.    So it is not just the commanders sitting here representing the cyber talent, if you will, in each of the services, but the operational commanders, and getting them involved in the decision process.    What we are seeing in the Air Force is my counterparts in the other combat-numbered Air Forces are very interested and want to understand and want to be part of the solutions. And so we see that as a key enabler.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Well, I thank each of you.    And we now proceed to Congressman Langevin.    Admiral Tighe. I would say that the Navy is in a similarly situated position. As it pertains to recruiting, we have not been having any trouble recruiting to the numbers that we needed for all of our cyber-type missions. And on the retention side, we are doing very well, both officer and enlisted, in retaining the talent that we need.    We have the tools that everyone else uses in the Navy to incentivize any particular ratings that are low on numbers, in particular, pay grades and things like that. We use that. But I agree with Admiral Rogers that, in this mission set, it is not about the money. It is about the mission.    And so the best thing that we can do to improve retention in this space is give them the training and the tools and put them on mission because they--you know, what I am seeing in our young people and our workforce is very motivated, enthusiastic for the mission. And getting them on mission is the most important thing we can do.    Admiral Tighe. Congressman, I believe that all of our maritime missions, particularly those that are forward, you know, projecting power around the globe, are critically dependent on our cyber capabilities.    And we have spent the last 2 years building programs around closing the gaps in vulnerabilities and increasing our operational capabilities to assure missions around the globe that maritime commanders have to be able to do.    And so certainly what the actual CNO said during his budget testimony is, if we are held at the BCA levels, he would be hard-pressed to recommend to the Secretary that we reduce any of those investments that we have already identified and made as a commitment to our mission assurance based on the cyberspace capabilities.    But I think, as mentioned earlier, another key aspect of that is all of the modernization programs that we have across the board--aircraft, submarines, ships, all of those modernization programs--tend to upgrade systems that are dependent on operating systems.    And when things like sequestration hits or we have a late budget, you know, getting to our acquisitions system, it ends up throwing a monkey wrench in the modernization plans. Those modernization plans are very critical to closing vulnerabilities.    So even beyond what we would call strict cyber investments, our acquisition process and focus on ensuring that our programs are not delivering vulnerable systems across the board--not just networks, but across the board--is contingent on those modernization programs going forward. So, yes, it certainly puts at risk not just the capability, but the overall mission, command and control, of Navy capabilities around the globe.