    Chairman BUCHANAN. The Subcommittee will come to order. Welcome to the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Human Resources hearing, on Getting Incentives Right: Connecting Low-Income Individuals with Jobs. Good morning. Welcome. First, let me say what an honor it is for me to be presiding over my first hearing as Chairman of the Ways and Means Human Resources Subcommittee. I'm looking forward to learning from and working alongside my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, addressing one of our nation's most pressing issues, that of helping people out of poverty into realizing the American Dream. I'm hopeful that we can work together in finding concrete solutions and offering real opportunities for people in need.    Over the past year, this Subcommittee has heard from a wide array of voices on helping low-income individuals move up the economic ladder. However, a perspective not often considered when most of us discuss these issues is that of the employer. As a business owner myself, I know there is an important role we play in providing real work opportunities for job seekers to compete and succeed in the workplace. I've seen it first-hand how a job can change a person's outlook in life and shape a brighter future.    With looming workforce shortages in the decades ahead, businesses are going to need all who can work to work. Yet we know all the working age adults who are in poverty, almost two in three that are in poverty, two in three are not working. The challenge is, how do we tap into this incredible work force and bridge the divide? I propose the answer lies in partnering with businesses and promoting work in our welfare programs.    For welfare recipients engaging in work, increased economic mobility can lead to a more financially stable life. And for employers, finding and retaining a strong work force is necessary for long-term goals and success. By getting the incentives right to address the needs of both groups, that of the job-seeker and that of the job-creator, we can grow our economy, help people find and grow their careers, and move more American families out of poverty and up in the economic ladder.    Today's hearing will highlight examples of how the public and private sector are partnering to encourage positive outcomes, when we move someone from welfare to work. And let me just say, as it relates to Florida, we have in Florida, we're growing at two to four--the country's growing at two percent, we're growing at four. We got a thousand people coming every day to Florida. And I can, I've gone through that before, being in business for 30, 40 years, where we're not, we don't have any workers. So this is a great opportunity to talk about this subject. Because it's critical to Florida and a lot of states. I'm sure Texas as well. I now yield to the distinguished Mr. Crowley, sitting for Ranking Member Mr. Doggett, for the purposes of an opening statement.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Congratulations for you to be in here, up here too.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Without objection, other members' opening statements will be made a part of the record. Today's witness panel includes five experts: Mr. Mark Wilson, President and CEO of the Florida Chamber of Commerce, represents over a 100,000 businesses, a part of a federation in Florida. Mr. Blame is based in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with--he's Executive Vice President of Cascade Engineering. It's a global manufacturing company that started a welfare to career program almost two decades ago, as the way to tap into an underutilized population to fill a looming workforce shortage within the company. And has done that with hundreds of employees.    So I'm really looking forward to your, your comments. Mr. King, a Senior Research Scientist and Lecturer of the University of Texas at Austin. He leads a team, designing and analyzing job strategies for low-skill, low-income parents. Ms. Barbara Doucet is Corporate Director of Human Resources, Omni Hotels and Resorts. Oversees hiring and training for the hotel in multiple states. She has forged critical relationships with local governments and schools, creating internships and training programs. Ms. Larrea is President of Workforce Solutions, in the Great Dallas Area. Oversees public funded employment and training programs, viewing employers as customers of these systems, in an effort to help low-income individuals in the Dallas region, help them to keep and obtain good jobs. Let us begin with Mr. Wilson, with--you may proceed with your testimony.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you, Mr. Wilson.    Mr. Brame, you can proceed with your testimony.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you, Mr. Brame.    Mr. King, you may proceed, please.    STATEMENT OF CHRISTOPHER T. KING, Ph.D, SENIOR RESEARCH     Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you, Mr. King.    Ms. Doucet, you can proceed, please.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you, Ms. Doucet.    Ms. Larrea, you may proceed with your testimony.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Well, thank you. And I want to thank all of our witnesses today for excellent testimony. Now, I will proceed to the question and answer session. And I will begin. Mr. Wilson, as you know, I've been in business for 40 years, 30 years before I got here. And I know first-hand, and I've hired a lot of minorities and people that were on welfare over the years. And people might start at 25, and then they, because of the culture, our companies have been able to build--we build a culture where we develop and train, and move people up the ladder. They might start at 25 or 30, or minimum wage, and then they're making 80 to 100,000 today. When I look at it, a lot of minorities are making that kind of money locally. But what they need is an opportunity, they need a shot. And we need more employers stepping up.    When I look at Florida, it's like deja-vu. We had the big-time hit in 2008, as you know. '09, '10, '11, we shredded a lot of jobs. But it's back. I mentioned, you mentioned I think in your testimony a thousand a day coming to Florida. You need 800,000 jobs. What's the Florida Chamber--more importantly, the business community--going to do about stepping up and making sure? Especially as we look at, you know, in terms of welfare. The number I've got is out of three that are in welfare, two can work. And what are we going to do about getting those two to work, in your opinion?    Chairman BUCHANAN. We've gone about five minutes, so let me----    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you, Mr. Wilson. Mr. Brame, I want to talk to you. You know, just reading the background of the company, the guy, the CEO who started that company, to me is a visionary. It's not something you've been doing the last couple of years, but for 20 years you've been reaching out to the welfare community and others. People under-employed. And helping them and working with them. Hundreds of employees in that predicament in Grand Rapids, Michigan. What was his motivation and just in general, how much difference has it really made over the years in Grand Rapids, Michigan?    Chairman BUCHANAN. Well, thank you. Now, I'd like to recognize the distinguished gentleman, the Ranking Member, for any questions he might have.    Chairman BUCHANAN. I hope you're enjoying that.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Washington, Mr. Reichert.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. Mr. Davis, you're now recognized.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. Mr. Rice, you're recognized.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. Mr. Reed, you're recognized.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. Mr. Dold, you're recognized.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. Mr. Smith, you're recognized.    Chairman BUCHANAN. Thank you. Ms. Noem, you're recognized.    Chairman BUCHANAN. I'd like to thank all of our witnesses for appearing before us today. Today's hearing was an important step as we think about the future, welfare reforms and getting the incentives right for good outcomes. Employers are often overlooked partners, when we think about helping families out of poverty. Including them in this conversation is good for them. It's good for the recipient, it's good for the community, and it's good for the taxpayers.    As I looked at some of this data myself, two out of three that are in welfare would like a job and like an opportunity, in the state of Florida, and I'm sure, throughout the country. In our state, we need them and they need an opportunity. And we need to find a way where corporate America, small businesses, can come together with their local community in terms of providing it. Please be advised that members will have two weeks to submit their written questions to be answered later in writing. Those questions and your answers will be made part of the formal hearing today. With that, the Subcommittee will adjourn.