    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much for holding this hearing. As always, these hearings are very enlightening. I came in today without any questions related to annuities and long-term care insurance, and now I have all kinds of questions.    But let me say this, Ms. Riley has indicated--and I didn't look it up--but she has been in this field for quite some time and the hope had been that long-term care insurance would help offset some of what Medicaid is having to pay. Folks are going to look at the money, when you are talking about putting a loved one into a nursing home, they are going to look at this as a tax avoidance situation, as opposed to tax evasion. A lot of folks today have said, this is immoral or nobody wants to game the system. The people are going to find a way to hang onto their assets if they can.    And one of the things we have to be careful of, and, Mr. Chairman, we may need to have a roundtable discussion among our members, we have to be careful that we don't go too far in a direction because people are going to figure out a way. And one of those ways is to go through a divorce, as long as the spouse who is the spouse in the nursing home or incapacitated in some way needing the care is competent. Because they want to pass assets on to their children, they are going to figure out a way. And if the only way left is divorce, they will divorce. They will reach a property settlement agreement. They will transfer all the money to the healthy spouse. And then the healthy spouse will start working on ways to get that to the children. People will do that.    So this is a complicated issue. It is not one where we need folks on each side of the aisle pointing the finger at the other side of the aisle. We need to see if we can't come up with a new paradigm, a new way to do this.    I don't have the answer, Mr. Chairman. But I have heard a lot of concern on a lot of issues regarding promissory notes, et cetera, annuities. But we need to figure out a way that we can make it so that it is affordable for the average American family to have a loved one in long-term care without losing everything they have worked for 45 or 50 years. And they are going to want to pass it on to their kids. So as long as even the incapacitated party is competent, they are going to figure out a way. And they are going to game, if you want to call it gaming the system, they are going to game the system because in the long-term, it is better off for their loved ones. So I don't know the answer. But let's not think there is a quick and easy solution.    And I think, Ms. Riley, you would agree with that.    Mr. Griffith. And, Mr. Hagg, I got off on that and what I was really going to ask about was in your written testimony, the OIG has a body of work related to healthcare provider taxes and how that impacts Medicaid Programs. I have a bill in that would do some lowering. The President's Fiscal Commission recommended eliminating the use of provider tax providing for non-Federal share of Medicaid funding.    Can you just discuss that issue in the minute and 40 seconds I have left?    Mr. Griffith. Well, I think we need to do something. Virginia historically has tried to follow the rules, but for those states that have done other things creatively to figure out way to make the finances work for their states, they have eaten up some of the money and really put Virginia at a disadvantage. And so Virginia has consistently rejected a so-called bed tax but many states have that. We think other states are gaming the system to our detriment, and so we would like to see it be a level playing field and everyone know what the rules are.    So thank you for your work on that.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.