    Mr. Larsen. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks, gentlemen, for making it out.    You know, on the West Coast, it is not that far to go to Korea, so maybe, from here, it is, but it is not that far from home.    So we get a lot of questions about when North Korea does things and when China does things. First, for Admiral Harris, a couple reports have come out recently, one looking at the rebalance strategy and what can be done to improve that and enhance that. One suggestion--this is out of CSIS --one suggestion was a western Pacific joint task force, and I was wondering what your opinions about that are. And in the answer, if you could relate that to building partnership capabilities and whether or not, much like we do with NATO , there is a NATO commitment of a 2 percent of GDP , but we can do that in a formal structure, if there is a value of informal commitments from our friends and allies in the region to invest in their capabilities to support regional objectives.    And then I have got a question for the general after that.    Mr. Larsen. Good to see you.    Mr. Larsen. Right.    Mr. Larsen. Okay. Yeah. I just have very few seconds left for--thank you.    General, just quickly, would the ROKs be prepared today for THAAD if there was an agreement today to deploy THAAD to the Republic of Korea, and if not, what does that timeline look like?    General Scaparrotti. Representative, we will have a--we are forming a joint working group that I think will have its first meeting probably within a week. I think we will have that settled. THAAD is a complex system. It is going to take some time for us to find the right location, because where you locate it makes a difference of how effective it is. So we have got to find the right location and do that work, which we will do in accordance with our SOFA . I am confident that that process will go well, but at this point, it is hard--it is difficult for me to tell you what the timeline looks like, but I should be able to do that, you know, and relatively soon.    The Chairman. Mr. Rogers.    Mr. Larsen. Thank God for Connecticut.    The Chairman. Mr. Franks.