    Mr. Rademaker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Engel, members of the committee. I am very pleased to be back here testifying on this issue.    You may recall I testified in June of last year on the Joint Plan of Action so I welcome this opportunity to comment on development since that time in the negotiations with Iran.    I want to note at the outset that the subject of this hearing is verification. However, the invitation letter I received indicated, and I will just paraphrase this, but I was told that the committee will be particularly interested in my larger analysis of what this deal would mean for Iran's nuclear program, assuming it upholds the agreement.    So I am taking that as an invitation to not focus so much on verification issues. We have two bona fide experts here on the panel who, I think, can do that. I will talk more to the broader implications of the deal, and I have submitted a prepared statement which I will summarize.    But I want to note at the outset that I strongly agree with the opening statements that I heard from all the members--the chairman and ranking members--and I am very pleased to see that you are asking all the right questions.    The most important point I make in my prepared statement is that at a fundamental level what the deal that it appears is going to be reached between the P5+1 and Iran fundamentally signifies is acceptance by the international community of Iran as a nuclear weapons threshold state.    Now, let me just say that again. Fundamentally, this deal will represent acceptance of Iran as a nuclear weapons threshold state. Now, I am not saying they are going to--I am not saying we are accepting that they will have nuclear weapons. Because they are remaining a party to the NPT they have a legal obligation not to produce nuclear weapons.    But to use a football metaphor, what we are agreeing to here is that we are agreeing to a pathway, to a process. But at the end of that pathway--10 to 15 years--the football line--the football is going to be on the 1-inch line and, you know, they are that close to having a nuclear weapon and that is fundamentally what is being agreed here.    And, you know, this is a radical departure in U.S. nonproliferation policy because it has been the objective of the Clinton administration, the Bush administration and the Obama administration until now not just to deny Iran a nuclear weapon but also to prevent them from being a nuclear weapons threshold state because countries that are on the 1-inch line--that are that close to having a nuclear weapon--for all practical purposes in their international relations they have to be treated as if they did have a nuclear weapon because, you know, honestly, at any given moment they are so close to having it--a screwdriver turn away--no one knows for sure that they don't have a nuclear weapon.    So they get the deference of a nuclear weapon state even without having demonstrably produced a nuclear weapon and that is essentially what is being conceded here at the end of this process.    So by any measure this is a huge retreat in U.S. policy and a big victory for Iran because, you know, for two decades they have been trying to get to this point and what they are being promised now is, after two decades of effort, in another 10 years they will have what they have long wanted.    Now, why are we doing this? Well, I think we have all heard the argument. The main argument made by the Obama administration is that this is a very good deal because it will increase Iran's nuclear weapons breakout time from 2 to 3 months today to 1 year.    And that is--you know, I think Mr. Albright and his group have raised some questions about whether that is really true but for purposes of my testimony I am assuming that is true and I will concede that that is an important accomplishment.    I mean, we are uncomfortable with Iran being able to produce a weapon--a nuclear weapon within 2 or 3 months and extending that to 1 year would be an important development.    The question I ask in my testimony is if that is an important victory for us today why does it stop being important in 10 years. You know, and let me be clear--what happens in 10 years is not that we revert to the status quo, that they go back to a 2-month or 3-month breakout time.    No. At the end of 10 years and especially after 15 years they are going to go back to a radically shorter breakout time than that and that is basically all locked in under this agreement.    And this isn't just my opinion. I mean, President Obama conceded this 2 weeks ago in a radio interview. I will just read what he said. He dismissed concerns that there--you know, of the type that Mr. Albright is raising about whether the 1-year breakout time is real.    But then he went on to say what is a more relevant fear would be that in year 13, 14, 15 they have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly and at that point the breakout times would have shrunk down almost to zero.    That is President Obama's characterization of the deal, and let me--let me stress he is talking about what happens after year 13. The way this deal is structured there are additional significant restrictions that remain in place until year 15.    So if at year 13 it is already almost down to zero for them to break out and produce a nuclear weapon it is even less than zero after year 15 when additional restrictions come off of their program.    So if anything else--if nothing else, President Obama was actually understating the effect of this deal ultimately on Iran's nuclear breakout time.    I think another point we have to understand about this breakout is that when they break out after year--you know, today when we are talking about nuclear breakout we are talking about how much time would they need to produce one weapon--one nuclear weapon.    After year 15, we are not going to be worried about one nuclear weapon. I mean, they will be on the 1-inch line for producing dozens of nuclear weapons--so, you know, an entire arsenal if they want and that is--that is the situation we are looking at.    In my testimony, I characterize this as a Faustian bargain because, you know, it is similar to the German legend about the man who, you know, wanted magical powers and so he cut a deal with the Devil where for 24 years he was given magical powers but at the end of 24 years he loses the powers and he loses his soul and spends--you know, faces a life of eternal damnation.    That is essentially what is being negotiated here. We get the benefit, good for 10 years, and at the end of that the other side gets everything that they have ever wanted and we lose the right to complain about it. We lose the right to reimpose sanctions.    If we try to change the terms of the deal, Iran will be in a position to accuse us of being the lawless nation, the nation that violates its international commitments.    Mr. Chairman, I see I am out of time. Let me just say, you know, I do make the point in my testimony that sometimes it makes sense to enter a Faustian bargain.    If you think--if you think the Devil is going to die before he is able to claim your soul or if you think he is going to be radically transformed then maybe it is a sensible thing to do.    And I served on the staff of this committee in the 1990s when the Clinton administration negotiated a nuclear deal with North Korea called the agreed framework, and they didn't advertise or they didn't make this argument publicly but I can tell you that the Clinton administration officials privately basically said, you know, don't worry about this being a Faustian bargain because haven't you--this is 1994--haven't you noticed what is going on in the world.    You know, communism is doomed. You just saw East and West Germany just reunified. So yes, we are promising all these benefits to North Korea but we are going to build nuclear reactors there and all these things. But, you know, in 15 years by the time we are done with these nuclear reactors North Korea is going to be long gone. These are going to be South Korean nuclear reactors.    And, you know, in 1994 that seemed like a fairly persuasive argument. Now, we know with the benefit of hindsight that it was wishful thinking.    I mean, the North Korean regime is still there. They are still pursuing nuclear weapons. The question I ask in my testimony is, you know, is there any reasonable basis to suspect that in 10 years the Iranian regime is going to be gone or radically transformed and I suggest that actually to the contrary there is every reason to think that this agreement strengthens the Iranian regime and makes it much easier for them to resist pressures to change.    And I, you know, go through some financial numbers. The amount of cash that Iran is to get at the outset of this deal and, you know, quickly thereafter--with your indulgence I will just read the numbers. And this is according to a Wall Street Journal story that appeared last Friday.    It says that the Obama administration estimates that implementation of the deal will give Iran access to $100 billion to $140 billion--billion U.S. dollars--in frozen funds in offshore accounts with $30 billion to $50 billion of that to be released immediately upon signature.    And, now, understand the Iranian Government budget this year is about $300 billion, okay, so they are being offered $100 billion to $140 billion, $30 billion to $50 billion of that immediately.    Now, to put that in perspective let us--you know, relative--let us look at what that would mean if--you know, if it were not Iran but the United States. The U.S. budget in--the Federal budget this year is $3.9 trillion.    So if we were being offered an equivalent amount of cash it would be for the United States between $1.3 trillion and $1.8 trillion with $390 billion to $650 billion of that to be provided immediately upon signature.    So, you know, the question I ask in my testimony is if the United States Government were being offered, roughly, $1\1/2\ trillion and $390 billion to $650 billion of that immediately, how much pressure would we feel to scale back our international commitments to reduce our defense spending? How much pressure would we feel to implement, you know, political reforms?    Or would we feel like hey, we are in a much better position to continue doing business the way we wanted to do business. And, you know, and I am talking here just about the cash dimension, which is actually the less important dimension.    Mr. Rademaker. Mr. Chairman, I certainly have to agree with you that if you look at the declared red lines on our side and on the Iranian side at the outset of these negotiations and you look at what appears to be emerging as the final agreement, the final agreement is pretty much consistent with the Iranian red lines and bears little relationship to the red lines that were declared on our side going in.    So what that tells you is that during the course of the negotiations on issue after issue the Iranians prevailed and we backed down. And regrettably, we still don't have a final deal and, I mean, you have watched the spectacle of the dueling fact sheets--of the U.S. fact sheet and the Iranian fact sheet--and the Iranians saying that the U.S. fact sheet is all wrong and the Supreme Leader taking issue with some of the details.    So I think, you know, the testimony we are presenting today is based on what we understand and most of us are relying on the U.S. fact sheet. But, you know, from the outset both sides have said in these--in this negotiation nothing is agreed until everything is agreed.    So I think it is a fair statement that everything remains subject to negotiation and I am not sure we have seen the last of the retreats on our side in the negotiations, regrettably.    You asked about what is Iran doing with the funds and you are referring to sort of--they are getting it is around $4 billion or $5 billion a month now--as sort of a down payment on this much larger amount of money that is--it is Iranian money but it is foreign bank accounts and due to U.S. sanctions that Congress enacted--the so-called Menendez-Kirk sanctions--the Iranians are not able to spend that money. They are not able to bring it back to Iran.    They are able to spend it in India or Japan or China. But anyway, you know, what we know is that as part of this deal they will be able to bring that money home. There are no restrictions on what they do with that money. That is just not part of the deal and what they----    Mr. Rademaker . Have been doing with the down payments give an indication of what they will do with the much larger sums that are coming in the future.    Mr. Rademaker. Thank you, Chairman Smith.    Mr. Rademaker. Okay. I will try to address all those questions. First, on the treaty versus executive agreement issue, you know, I am certainly sympathetic to the concern you are expressing but let me just say as the former chief counsel to this committee, you know, I think, you know, the legal issue is complicated.    There is a lot of precedent that the administration will be able to point to for not treating this as a treaty. So I think there is no chance whatsoever that they will agree to submit it in that manner.    So in order for there to be congressional review I think what Senator Corker and his colleagues in the Senate have come up with is as good as it is going to get. I wish it were a better mechanism.    I wish--I wish the Senate-approved mechanism would require approval by majority vote rather than disapproval, which, as you pointed out, ultimately requires two-thirds majorities in both Houses to override the predictable Presidential veto of the resolution of disapproval.    So it builds in a bias in favor of approval. There is no question about that.    But, you know, I think as a practical matter that is what is going to afford congressional review and, as we all know, the administration would be happier without even that level of congressional review.    The--on the North Korea issue I spoke to that in my testimony. The agreed framework with North Korea was another Faustian bargain. It was--it was defensible on the theory that the North Korean regime was probably going to collapse within 15 years.    That seemed like a reasonable expectation in 1994. It was proved ill founded. I am not sure there is any reasonable expectation that we are going to see radical change in Tehran over the next 10 or 15 years and in the end we were fortunate that we got out of the agreed framework because North Korea cheated on it and we caught then cheating.    You know, we can speculate here on what the Iranians will do. I guess I would submit that if I were the--well, if the Iranians are rational the thing to do for them is to bide their time, fully comply and then reap the benefits in 10 to 15 years.    Mr. Rademaker. I don't see anything about that in there.    Mr. Rademaker. Mr. Rohrabacher, I will just respond briefly. I think if an administration representative were here they would respond to your point about possible transfers of nuclear weapons by saying you should relax--we don't have to worry about that because Iran is a party to the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and they are forbidden under the nuclear nonproliferation treaty to either produce nuclear weapons or buy them, acquire them from someone else.    Now, of course, the same was true of North Korea back when we had the agreed framework with them up until the point where they decided they didn't want to be part of the NPT anymore.    Mr. Rademaker. So, you know, I guess it comes down to how much you are prepared to rely on treaty commitments and we all know treaty commitments are--they can be renounced by treaty----    Mr. Rademaker. Yes.    Mr. Rademaker. They were an active supporter of terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah and Hamas?    Mr. Rademaker. So far as I know, the answer to that is yes.    Mr. Rademaker. I have read reports about that, yes.    Mr. Rademaker. I think, Congressman, you know the answer to that question. There are no----    Mr. Rademaker. Speaking for myself, I didn't come here to defend the deal so I am not going to quarrel with----    Mr. Rademaker. I guess--I know we are out of time but just to sort of comment generally, you know, I think, obviously, the United States has multiple issues with Iran.    The nuclear issue is one of them, terrorism. I mean, there are half a dozen--the human rights issue that Congressman Smith was talking about.    Mr. Rademaker. The--but the concept of this negotiation is that these issues can be compartmentalized and we can try and solve one of the issues without doing----    Mr. Rademaker . Without solving others but without----    Mr. Rademaker. That appears to be where the Obama administration is in its policies, right. They have a ship that is threatening to do that. Meanwhile, their negotiators are meeting.    I guess--but the concept is compartmentalization but, you know, especially like when we look at issues such as the cash transfer. You know, I think it is fair to ask.    You know, in trying to solve one of these problems are we in fact making other--you know, the problems we have in some of the other areas far more serious by, you know, enhancing the resources available to the Iranian Government.    Mr. Rademaker. I think it is a little bit more complicated than your question is suggesting. First of all, I mean, there are under this agreement some restrictions on, for example----    Mr. Rademaker. They are permanent. They are on, you know, plutonium production, for example, which are, you know, useful concessions by the Iranians. I don't mean to downplay that.    But I do think after 10 or 15 years we give up on--we will have surrendered today on our ability to implement then what has been the centerpiece of our policy for the last 20 years, which is to try and apply economic and political pressure on Iran not to be a nuclear weapons threshold state and not to, you know, put itself in a position where it can easily at the drop of a hat break out of the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and deploy dozens of nuclear weapons.    Today, we have a whole range of sanctions in effect. What is being promised in this deal is if they abide by the terms for 10 to 15 years the restrictions that are specified, at the end of that the vast majority of those restrictions evaporate.    And especially in the enrichment area they can do whatever they want and we are giving up the right to complain about that and, you know----    Mr. Rademaker. I mean, I have not heard that they dispute America's right to exist. So, you know, I don't know that that needs to be established as a precondition. You know, on the question----    Mr. Rademaker. Right.    Mr. Rademaker. This goes back to the issue of compartmentalization that we discussed with Congressman Issa, that--I mean, the philosophy of this negotiation is we can, you know, okay, set aside the issue of Israel, set aside the threats against America over political issues.    We are just going to focus on the nuclear issue and try and solve that and hope that in solving that we don't compound the problems in these other compartments. It is a legitimate question whether that is doable.    On your point about the--you raised the question about the treaty, whether this is a treaty, and I had spoken to that earlier and let me just say, you know, the political reality is the President is not going to submit this agreement to congressional review unless Congress passes a law requiring him to do so. And that is what they are working on over in the Senate and hopefully that is what this committee will be able to work on at some point in the future. But, you know, absent the enactment of legislation I don't think you are going to have any meaningful congressional review at all.    Mr. Rademaker. The Congress can express opinions but, you know, there is a formal process that involves the submission by the President----    Mr. Rademaker . Of the text to the Senate.    Mr. Rademaker. And if he doesn't do that there is nothing before the Senate to reject.    Mr. Rademaker. Yes, and can I just add?    Mr. Rademaker. So then the in between thing that Congress can do is it can sue the President.    Mr. Rademaker. And it happens all the time and pretty consistently what the courts say is, you know----    Mr. Rademaker . It is interesting but Congress needs to stand up for itself.    Mr. Rademaker. Don't ask us to do your work for you and so that is--then you come back to the question of legislation.    Mr. Rademaker. Yes.    Mr. Rademaker. Many, yes.    Mr. Rademaker. There is a formal--you know, there is a law that requires executive agreements to be transmitted to Congress and, you know, Case-Zablocki Act and every few months----    Mr. Rademaker . We will get a long list of treaties or--I am sorry, of executive agreements with their text.    Mr. Rademaker. No. I don't think that is a mistake.    Mr. Rademaker. I think as a practical matter it will be impossible to resolve all issues at one time in one negotiation.    Mr. Rademaker. I, largely, agree with that although I think I would add that we would be better off leaving in place the interim agreement than entering into what seems to be about to be signed onto.    Mr. Rademaker. I think they have put themselves on a trajectory where--yes.    Mr. Rademaker. I think we don't know what their ultimate intentions are but as I stated in my prepared testimony this agreement puts them on the 1-inch line so that it is purely a decision on their part whether--you know, if they decide they will almost automatically have them.    Mr. Rademaker. I think that will totally depend on the deal--I am sorry, on the terms that are worked out. But let me just say to the extent we are talking about U.N. sanctions, I will be astonished if the mechanism doesn't require an affirmative vote of the U.N. Security Council to implement the snap back.    Mr. Rademaker. And it is also requiring, among others, the consent of Russia and, you know, as a country that is under U.S. sanctions today their appetite for imposing sanctions on others is, I think, much diminished from what it was in the past.    Mr. Rademaker. Well, I think maybe just to echo what Mr. Albright said. You know, I think for verification to be effective it is a question of both the authority and the resources and hopefully there will be ample authority and ample resources.    But whether there is sufficient authority depends ultimately on the details of the agreement. If there was not----    Mr. Rademaker. What would be appropriate?    Mr. Rademaker. Well, I am in favor of the most robust inspection and verification mechanism that can be achieved. But the point I wanted to make was that even if the authority is, in the judgment of myself and every other expert inadequate, that is still not a reason not to provide the resources necessary to make the best use of those authorities and so hopefully both the supporters and the critics of this deal will support making the resources available to do the best job possible of verifying it.    Mr. Rademaker. Truthfully, I think the answer to that is probably yes. I mean, the--well, yes. I mean, first of all, the agreement with North Korea--the so-called agreed framework--was not submitted to Congress for approval. But, you know, I think we have----    Mr. Rademaker . Similar agreements with the IAEA about inspections and those are not submitted as treaties. But, you know, I didn't--I didn't a chance to make the fundamental point which is, you know, the President triggers the treaty process with his decision whether or not to submit something as a treaty to the Senate.    If he chooses not to, you know, he can use what authority he has to try and implement that. But one thing is clear--that agreement does not achieve the force of law. I mean, this was the subject of the Tom Cotton letter in the Senate.    Mr. Rademaker. Yes.    Mr. Rademaker. Absolutely.    Mr. Rademaker. Yes, although I would add to that, you know, an acceptable negotiation. I mean, we could always negotiate that they can have everything they want but----    Mr. Rademaker. Could I just interject? I am the one responsible for this football analogy.    Mr. Rademaker. And, you know, Dave was talking about how the football has moved up and down the field.    Mr. Rademaker. But let me just say, you know, where the football has been and where it is now, wherever it is on the football field the one thing that is clear is that today their--Iran's nuclear program is illegitimate.    Its very existence violates U.N. Security Council mandates. We are entitled to sanction it. If it came to the point where we felt we needed to use military force against it we would be able to point to U.N. Security Council resolutions and say this is an illegitimate program--we had no choice but to take it out.    One of the critical things this agreement does is it is going to legitimize the program and one of my--my point about them being on the 1-inch line--you know, I guess I didn't emphasize this--they are going to be on the 1-inch line and it is going to be legitimate.    Mr. Rademaker. We are going to have no right to complain about it.    Mr. Rademaker. The latter.    Mr. Rademaker. But today, wherever the football is on the field it is--it is an illegitimate program. It is subject to--you know, its existence is in violation of U.N. Security Council mandates and that is not going to be the case at the end of this deal or really on day one of this deal, you know, because the Security Council will act very quickly to repeal those resolutions that forbade Iran to do this.    Mr. Rademaker. You know, that is one of the mysteries of the Joint Plan of Action because yes, those U.N. mandates remain in effect yet you have got this agreement that sort of takes a wink at that or gives a wink to that and says----    Mr. Rademaker . We are going to--I mean, in a way we have sort of delegitimized the authority of the U.N. Security Council by winking at these Iranian violations of U.N. mandates.    Mr. Rademaker. I would say that is correct, yes.    Mr. Rademaker. Well, I will give you two answers. The first is a flip one--you know, hope springs eternal--but the second one is more serious and that is it is the Faustian bargain that I referred to in my testimony.    I think the calculation is we are going to offer the Iranians a really sweet deal. They behave for 10 years and we are going to incentivize them to behave for 10 years because at the end of the 10 years they get everything they want.    Mr. Rademaker. And so, you know, maybe they cheat during the 10 years but then they get--then they lose the really sweet deal.    Mr. Rademaker. That is fundamentally the bargain that is being offered to them.    Mr. Rademaker. Well, you know----    Mr. Rademaker. I would have to think about that but let me just say, you know, for the domestic side of it, you know, where it is a matter of U.S. law, you are going to be writing the law and, you know, you can write a law that will snap back U.S. sanctions.    You can write that. Now, it may require the President to implement that law in good faith but--and that may or may not be an obstacle. But, you know, you can----    Mr. Rademaker . Construct a domestic snap back. Yes, the U.N. much, much harder and I would say, as I said earlier, I would be astonished----    Mr. Rademaker. Well, I----