    Ms. Perna. Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, and members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to comment on best practices for helping low-income and first-generation students access and complete college. I am honored to have the opportunity to speak with you today.    The federal government plays an important role in promoting higher education attainment through the financial aid programs that are authorized under Title IV of the Higher Education Act. Of particular importance is the federal Pell Grant. Research consistently demonstrates the negative implications for college enrollment when college prices increase and grant aid decreases.    The negative effects are particularly large for the enrollment of students from low-income families. Providing sufficient funding so as to at least maintain the purchasing power of the Pell Grant is important to preserving the affordability of higher education for students from low-income families.    Although essential, investment in need-based grant aid is insufficient. The federal TRIO programs and other college access and success programs also contribute to the goal of raising higher education attainment for students from groups that are historically underrepresented in higher education.    As detailed further in my written testimony, I offer five recommendations to guide your committee's consideration of college access and success programs.    So first, target students with the greatest financial need. We must recognize and address the many ways that inequality is structured into the pathways into and through college. Students from low-income families have fewer financial resources to pay the direct cost of the college attendance and the many less visible costs of college access and completion.    Students from low-income families also typically attend high schools and postsecondary educational institutions that have fewer resources to invest in and support students' college-related outcomes. Targeting programs to low-income and first-generation students helps to level the playing field for higher education opportunity.    Second, assist students with navigating pathways into and through college with particular attention to financial aid processes. Although much information about college going and financial aid processes is available via the Internet and other sources, simply making information out there is insufficient.    Students and their families need to be able to determine which information is most useful and relevant, given their financial circumstances, academic preparation, their goals, and their interests. Low-income and first-generation students especially need guidance with the many steps that promote college entry, including preparing for and taking college admissions tests, searching for colleges that are well-suited to their goals and interests, visiting college campuses, submitting college applications, and more.    Low-income and first-generation students also need to understand the availability of financial aid and how to get the aid that is out there. They also often require assistance with completing financial aid application forms.    Third recommendation is to adapt programs to recognize the state, regional, and local context, as well as the characteristics of students served. To have a meaningful effect on students' college-related outcomes, college access and success programs need to adapt the delivery of services to recognize the context in which the programs are embedded.    Particularly important are the characteristics of state policies pertaining to high school graduation and assessment requirements and the higher education options that are available in the state, region, and locality.    Programs also need to recognize the differences in the needs of the students served. So middle and high school students, for example, require different types of support and assistance than veterans and unemployed adults who aspire to complete college.    Fourth, leverage federal spending to serve greater numbers of students. Although the federal government's investment in TRIO programs enables the provision of services to some students, many more low-income and first-generation students also require assistance. TRIO programs serve only a very small fraction, estimated less than 5 percent, of the nation's total population of low-income and first-generation college students.    Given constraints on the availability of additional dollars, the federal government should consider ways to leverage its investment to encourage greater support for college access and success programming from other entities as well as partnerships among the many programs that are also sponsored by state governments, colleges and universities, philanthropic organizations, and other entities.    The fifth recommendation is to encourage research that improves our understanding of best practices for college access and success programs. To maximize the return on investment in college access and success programs, we need to know more about what components and services work, for which groups of students, and in which contexts.    With more and better research, we will ensure that finite resources are used to most effectively improve college-related outcomes for students from low-income families and first-generation college students.    Thank you for your attention.    Ms. Perna. So there is some research that suggests the value of helping students to understand early in the educational pipeline the different types of employment possibilities. The research suggests that having that understanding about how--what types of opportunities are available helps--makes education more relevant, helps them understand the many different types of pathways that we have.    Part of the challenge that we have in our higher education system is that there are so many different types of postsecondary options. And you are right, the data suggests that not everyone needs a 4-year college degree. But the data also do suggest that most need some education beyond high school.    And so I think part of the challenge is for folks to be able to understand what that range of choices is, what the benefits and the costs of those different options are, and how we make sure that we really do have real choice for folks.    Ms. Perna. So it is a really complex problem. There is no one answer to this.    So in order to improve college attainment we really have to focus on the academic readiness for success. We have to focus on the ability to pay. And we have to focus on making sure folks have the knowledge and information and support that they need to navigate these pathways.    Ms. Perna. Broad strokes--    Ms. Perna. Yes. There is some evidence that suggests that low-income students who are eligible to receive a Pell Grant attend college but they haven't applied for the aid.    Ms. Perna. Well, that is what the--that is one hypothesis on this, and it seems to suggest, given the complexity of the form. And what we know through qualitative research, in terms of understanding how folks, especially low-income students and students for whom college is the--they are the first in their families to attend college, filling out the form is overwhelming, to some extent there is a distrust in the process.    Ms. Perna. Financial strain is certainly an important issue, and it plays out in several different respects. So as you discussed, there are only so many mechanisms that students have available to pay the cost of college. One is loans, and there is evidence that shows that some students are averse to taking out loans, and so, you know, that is one source--    Ms. Perna. Drop out or choose not to attend at all. Or they decide to work to try to pay the cost through paid employment, and that is also a tremendous source of strain for students.    Ms. Perna. Thank you, Chairwoman.    So one of the important gaps in the research has to do with understanding what services work for which groups of students in which particular context. So we have a lot of variation in these programs, which is appropriate, given the number of different types of needs and places in which these programs are operating, and programs are doing a whole host of different types of things.    There is some research around whether programs work, yes or no, and that research generally shows on average that college access programs, for example, do increase college enrollment. But we know less about what it is within those programs that is making the biggest difference.    Chairwoman Foxx. Dr. May, can you tell us a little bit more about the Texas Completes initiatives? Have you worked with other community colleges around Texas to share the best practices for serving low-income and first-generation students? And have you changed any of your strategies for serving these students as a result of any collaboration that you had?    Ms. Perna. Thank you, Congressman.    I think that you are asking exactly the right question. I think that this is one of the most important issues facing our country right now.    The data suggests that we cannot achieve the levels of workforce readiness that are required without closing the gaps that exist in educational opportunity. Unfortunately, there is not a simple answer to do this, right, so we have a comprehensive educational system, and there--the ways in which differences in opportunity for high levels of education are structured into our system begin early.    So we have profound differences in academic readiness that happen in the K through 12 schools, so this is an important structural issue that has to be addressed. We also have rising cost of college attendance; you know, the financial barriers are another section of--that has to be addressed. And we have to improve students' ability to navigate the complex pathways that we have.    So, you know, I really see those three different buckets.    The federal government plays a role, but other stakeholders play a role as well. So I think that one role of the federal government is to provide a catalyst and provide leadership to signal the importance of these issues and try to--you know, I think part of what we need to accomplish as a nation is identify the roles and responsibilities of different players in this complex process because there is no one simple, easy thing to do.    Federal government certainly plays an important role historically and needs to continue with regard to financial aid and ensuring that college is affordable to all students. The role with regard to college access programs is important, so in the absence of the types of systemic and structural change in the K through 12 academic system, we need to have these additional support programs in place to help students navigate our system.    And the same is true at the college level. Students need--