    Mr. Chaffetz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Koskinen, in your opening statement you said that you had instructed people in writing to preserve their records. Could you please provide this Committee and the Oversight and Government Reform Committee a copy of those emails?    Mr. Chaffetz. You didn't. Okay. We will go back and look at the record. If there are any emails asking people to preserve those documents, we would like see those, because we don't think we have them.    Mr. Chaffetz. Do you stand by all of your previous congressional testimony?    Mr. Chaffetz. What in your previous congressional testimony needs to be clarified or altered or updated?    Mr. Chaffetz. Part of the problem that we have is that you have never clarified your testimony. This is the first time we have ever heard you say ``mistake.'' This is the first time that you said that you provided essentially false testimony. That is the way I read it.    When you said on June 20, 2014, ``Since the start of this investigation, every email has been preserved, nothing has been lost, nothing has been destroyed.'' Was that a mistake or was it false?    Mr. Chaffetz. But you told us in a hearing on July 23, you told Mr. Jordan that you learned in April that these emails were missing.    Mr. Chaffetz. Why are you testifying that since the start of the investigation, nothing has been lost, nothing has been destroyed?    Mr. Chaffetz. But you also testified a couple weeks later that you knew in April there was a problem. In fact, Kate Duvall, your senior person, knew in February. But you said you personally knew in April, and yet you came before Congress and you gave these definitive statements.    Mr. Chaffetz. But what you said was false. Was it true or false, what you said?    Mr. Chaffetz. But in April, you said you knew in April that there were missing emails.    Mr. Chaffetz. How can you simultaneously say that you know there are missing emails in April, and in June you say, since the start of this investigation every email has been preserved?    Mr. Chaffetz. Let me ask you another quote. True or false. ``We confirmed that the backup tapes from 2011 no longer existed, because they had been recycled pursuant to the IRS normal policy.''    On July 23 you said, ``Confirmed means that somebody went back and looked and made sure that, in fact, any backup tapes that had been existed have been recycled.'' Is that true or false?    Mr. Chaffetz. Who went back and looked?    Mr. Chaffetz. Told by who?    Mr. Chaffetz. Who are these people?    Mr. Chaffetz. Yes.    Mr. Chaffetz. But nobody went back and looked. In fact, Mr. Camus, who was the deputy there at the Treasury inspector general, said, ``The best we can determine through this investigation, they simply didn't look for those emails. So for the 1,000, over 1,000 emails that we found on the backup tapes, we found them because we looked for them.''    How is it that you spent $20 million, 250 full-time people, and you never looked for them, according to the inspector general? And you testify that you went back, in fact, and confirmed. That is false.    Mr. Chaffetz. And when did you inform Congress that this is your view now? When did you tell Congress that you were wrong on this?    Mr. Chaffetz. You know it was a mistake, but they were erased after a duly issued subpoena. That is where we have a fundamental problem. You issue 66,000 summons and subpoenas each year. You know how to dish it out, but you don't know how to take it. And so we issue a subpoena, we expect you to comply with it. And when you destroy documents that are under subpoena, somebody has got to be held accountable for that.    Mr. Chaffetz. And that starts with you. You provided false testimony to this Committee, you have provided false testimony to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, and you should be held accountable for that.    I have got about 30 minutes more of questions, Mr. Chairman, but I will yield back.    Mr. Chaffetz. I would just ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the GAO report from July 2015, ``Internal Controls for Exempt Organization Selection Should Be Strengthened.'' Critical that, as Mr. Jordan talked about, that the IRS has not fixed the targeting problem.