    Mr. Labrador. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I found that rather unfortunate, I think. That was the first time that partisanship has been brought up in this hearing today and Luis is a good friend. I was sad to hear that.    And I want to thank you. You have been going through a pretty good hearing today, a lot of really tough questions. And I don't know you, but it sounds to me like you are at least trying to find a solution to this problem, and I want to thank you for your efforts. We do not agree on every one of your solutions, not everything that you have said, but I can tell that the Administration--this is a Republican speaking here--at least is acting in good faith, trying to find a good solution to this problem that we all want to find a solution for.    Mr. Labrador. Absolutely. I want to make something clear. There has been a lot of talk about Chapter 9. You said in your statement, and I think this has been missed, that Chapter 9 was carefully designed for states in conformance with the 10th Amendment. So, in other words, you don't think Chapter 9 applies to this situation. Is that correct?    Mr. Labrador. OK, thank you. I just wanted to make that clear, because I don't think that was heard by all those people that are asking questions. Thank you.    You also stated that the plan proposed by the Administration includes a debt restructuring authority paired with fiscal oversight, health care transformation, and tax incentives to reward work. I want to speak to you for a few minutes about a few of these elements.    First, the Administration has called for an independent Federal oversight authority that respects Puerto Rican autonomy. Could you explain what the Administration means when it says such authority must respect Puerto Rican autonomy?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you----    Mr. Labrador. At the prior two hearings, I have highlighted the importance of Puerto Rico to continue enacting necessary reforms and negotiating voluntary debt restructuring agreements with their creditors.    I am concerned because there was an article in El Nuevo Dia on February 18 that stated that Puerto Rican legislators will dam up--they will stop, dam, d-a-m, up--the legislation if the legislation we craft seeks their ratification to impose Federal oversight authority. The article is here.    So I want to know--I see the president of the Puerto Rican Senate is behind you and he is nodding his head, but that is what some people said in the article. I am concerned about that. Do you have any concerns that the Puerto Rican government would try to stop any kind of restructuring board or anything?    Mr. Labrador. I will speak with--I was glad to see him nodding his head no, because there are actually some statements in here that talk about that. It would be impossible, I think, for a reporter to get something wrong, because you know that never happens.    Do you think we can rely on the legislature to make the difficult decisions when some legislators are publicly vowing to oppose oversight authority?    Mr. Labrador. OK. Finally, I also want to talk a little bit about promoting economic growth for Puerto Rico. I believe that the only way to get out of this crisis is to have fiscal promise by economic growth. Do you have concrete proposals for stimulating the economic growth?    Mr. Labrador. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. This is where you say, ``Yes.'' And you should know in this part of the building you can cede to anyone except a Senator.    The Chairman. If you had been in the House, you would have been OK, but no, it doesn't work at all.    The Chairman. Mr. Beyer.