    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us today. Thank you for your testimony.    General Flynn, how worried are you about American citizens becoming radicalized, training overseas, and returning back to the United States?    And are there additional steps that the U.S. should take in addressing those citizens that travel to train with ISIS in Syria and Iraq and then later return back to the United States and the threats that they would pose here?    I would like to get your perspective.    General Flynn. Yeah. First, I think that our FBI and the leadership of the FBI is doing a phenomenal job dealing with this issue here in the homeland.    Just to give you a little perspective, when somebody shows up to Syria, okay, and this has been going on for a while, they do a little vetting of who these individuals are. And if it is somebody who just came over, you know, to sort of get their jihad on, so to speak, they may just tell them, ``You are going to be a suicide bomber. Here is what we are going to do, here is where you are going to operate, and go forth and do good.''    In the other parts of the vetting, though, they look for individuals who have different skill sets, who have savvy with the Internet, who have some leadership skills, who maybe have some engineering capabilities. So they are sophisticated in how they recruit, particularly when they arrive.    And those individuals then get put into a different pipeline. They may not get put into the suicide-attacker or VBIED pipeline; they may get put into a different pipeline. And those are the individuals that there will be, sort of, a different future for them to maybe come back to this country and get involved in additional recruiting, additional activities, and maybe, you know, larger-scale types of attacks that we are trying to avoid.    So I just think that, a variety of reasons why they get recruited. The Internet is a big, big part of this. I think our FBI is doing the best job that they can. But we really need to recognize and track who these persons are.    And I will be honest with you. If somebody is going to conspire to fight against us, which is essentially what they are doing, there also has to be a discussion, at least, about their citizenship.    Mr. Wittman. So you think then the additional step is to look very carefully at those people that travel. Of course, my concern, too, is that Turkey is a conduit for people traveling into Syria and those areas. So are there additional steps we should take in working with Turkey to be more aggressive with them, looking specifically at those folks that have left the country, but some kind of provision on their return, about the conditions on their return back to the United States? Give me your perspective.    General Flynn. Yeah, so the combination of intelligence and law enforcement is a big deal and gets right at what you are talking about. So we have to make sure that there are good mechanisms in place, processes in place to rapidly share intelligence, rapidly share law enforcement, sensitive law enforcement information. And we need to be able to deal with a variety of partners, Turkey being probably one of the principal ones right now because if we know somebody is getting on a plane out of LaGuardia or Dulles to fly over to Ankara, then we need to make sure that we recognize who they are and they are being tracked; they have the right visas. And then, you know, Turkey needs to know what they are doing over there. And this is one of these difficult things because we are trying to also protect our own freedom to travel and all that sort of business. But we have got to know, why are you going there? Are you part of a nongovernmental organization? Are you part of a private organization that is going to provide some humanitarian assistance, or are you going over there for some other ill-gotten gain?    Mr. Wittman. Let me ask you this: We have seen what is happening in Yemen. It is collapsing before our eyes. Our U.S. Marines, our embassy staff, the embassy now is abandoned. We see the chaos that is going on there. We see Iranian influence there in that particular region. It was not long ago pointed to that this was one of our foreign policy successes and how we dealt with terrorism; that we were in support of the government there; that our counterterrorism efforts were successful. A couple of questions. What went wrong? And is this an indicator of a broader weakness or failure of U.S. foreign policy?    General Flynn. From my perspective, the last decade-plus of war, if I had to give you one lesson learned, that lesson learned would be that we failed and we continue to fail to understand the threats that we face, and that failure is leading to a mismatch in strategy and resources that we are applying against these threats.    And, therefore, that failure is leading to these types of, you know, things that we are seeing in a Yemen and in other parts of the greater Arab world. And I think the second-, third-, fourth-order effects of Libya, I am really concerned about post a period of time in Afghanistan, based on what we have already heard we are going to do, and I noticed in The Washington Post today there is an article there about, you know, we are rethinking our timeline for departure from Afghanistan. I think that is appropriate. So that failure led to a mismatch in resources and strategy as to how we applied it against this enemy.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Davis.