    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Director Cordray, thanks for being here. On August 1st, the new TILA-RESPA integrated disclosure home closing forms now known as TRID--a nice catchy name--    Mr. Sherman. --Okay, are scheduled for implementation. What does the Bureau have to do to support industry in implementation right in August and are you considering announcing a short-term restrained enforcement like HUD previously used on other disclosure changes? This might help small businesses work through the kinks that they may find in the properly or improperly acronymed TRID.    Mr. Sherman. Would you consider the idea of a restrained enforcement at the beginning?    Mr. Sherman. Okay. You don't regulate insurance companies. You don't regulate depository institutions winding up in bankruptcy. But you are the closest thing we have to a national advocate for insurance consumers and the consumers of other financial products.    When AIG had certain affiliates go bankrupt, their regulated insurance companies stood strong. They had been regulated by the State governments. Have you thought of taking a position to try to protect the insurance consumers of this country to say that when you have an insurance company and you have a related depository institution, that the folks who regulate the depository institution can't reach in and grab the assets of the insurance company to the disadvantage of the insurance consumers?    Mr. Sherman. On the theory that you are looking for more things to do, I hope you would look at the sorts of restraint legislation because you are the closest thing to a national advocate of the consumer as of--    Mr. Sherman. I have one more question to sneak in. I am interested in knowing about your forthcoming small dollar payday loan rule, which I know you haven't proposed yet. Will it target all forms of small dollar credit or be limited to payday, and what are your chief concerns about the small dollar loans, rollovers, ability to repay, and cycle of debt?