    Mr. Howard. I really don't.    Mr. Howard. From input from one of my veterans, he faced the same issue with having to travel across the Upper Peninsula to get to a visit and then leaving that visit, coming back to the Sault, and then getting a phone call once he gets back that, oh, we have an opening for you tomorrow. It seems like that should be able to be addressed while you are there so he didn't have to drive three hours and then drive all the way back, and then drive all the way back. That is not patient centered. That is getting weighted down by the weight of bureaucracy and not taking a moment to do continuity of care and say, okay, what is next for this patient. That didn't happen. So I would say that is not patient centered.    Mr. Howard. Well, the Sioux tribes, all their clinics are pretty much centrally located throughout the UP, and access to their clinics are a reasonable distance. To give you an example, there is a gentleman out here, sitting right behind me out here, that drives from here to Escanaba. We have patients that are on oxygen. Well, they are not allowed to ride that bus because the oxygen is dangerous. So they have to find other means to get all the way over to Iron Mountain for a C&P exam because Iron Mountain says we have no doctors that are qualified on the outside to do C&P exams. This individual may have cancer, diabetes, whatever, and he has to find his own way. In many cases these people haven't been working, so they don't have the funds to get there.    Why we cannot train doctors from the tribes to do C&P exams to keep these people from traveling across icy roads 300 miles I think is insane, absolutely insane. Plus, we are paying 56 cents a mile. We are wasting Federal tax dollars when we can do it locally. It just doesn't make sense. We have everybody on board to work together. We need the help to push the VA ahead. Thank you.    Mr. Howard. In Manistique, Michigan, they have a CBOC, and some of the veterans refer to it as a band-aid clinic. They go in there for chest colds or whatever. That is what Iron Mountain--chest x-rays. Four miles down is a brand new Sioux Tribe facility--eyeglasses, hearing aids, dental, x-rays. You name it, they do it right there. Instead of sending them 4 miles, we are going to send them 170 miles.    Mr. Howard. It is insane. When these people are going out of their way saying we are going to help you, you are kicking the can down the road. They are afraid that they may take some of their work away and maybe their VA will have to lay off a few people. Exactly. That is a problem. But is it fair to send a veteran 170 miles across the ice? No. A major problem.    Mr. Howard. The reason they aren't hiring the doctors, the point here in the UP is the traffic.    Mr. Howard. Please keep this in mind: 4 hours or 40 hours, we don't care.