    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo, for holding today's hearing on ensuring aviation safety in an era of unmanned aircraft systems.    I am pleased we are here this morning to address this important and timely topic of the safety of UAS in the national airspace. The number of unmanned aircraft being sold in the U.S. is staggering. According to one industry group, the number of UAS sold this year could reach 700,000. That is a 63-percent increase over last year. Other reports suggest that figure will soon reach 1 million, and it will continue to grow.    So, the natural question becomes who are flying these million-plus unmanned aircraft? Many, as we are going to hear, are responsible and safe users. These include serious hobbyists, such as those represented by the Academy of Model Aeronautics, who are here today, and commercial users with a financial interest in safe, responsible operations.    But, unfortunately, they also include people who are not familiar with the rules of aviation or concepts of aviation safety. There are 600-plus reports of near misses between conventional aircraft and drones so far this year that tells us what we need to do more to reduce the likelihood of a drone ending up in the flight path of a commercial airliner with hundreds of people on board.    These 600-plus pilot sightings suggest that allowing anyone to fly a drone on or near the Nation's airways is like letting people drive remote-controlled model cars on the interstate. Unless more is done, it is not if an accident will happen, it is when.    The committee staff found some pilot reports in NASA's Aviation Safety Reporting System of some pretty scary encounters. One pilot reported that he ``encountered a drone that came close enough to hear the propeller noise from the drone from inside my cabin...The small size of the drone made it impossible to see until it was too late to take any evasive action.'' And the list continues.    In addition to risks in the air, unmanned aircraft pose risks on the ground. This year an aerial vehicle crashed into parade-goers in Seattle, injuring one woman when it crashed into her head. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today about what the FAA and stakeholders are doing to address the safety risks before it is too late.    But we cannot deny the extensive public and commercial benefits of unmanned aircraft, as well. UAS can be used for search and rescue, wildfire mitigation, as well as the inspection of bridges and other critical transportation infrastructure. The UAS industry has great potential to drive growth and create jobs. One industry trade group estimates that, in just 10 years, unmanned aircraft will create 100,000 jobs, and add $82 billion in value to our economy. That is particularly important to States like my home State of Washington, a hub of aviation research and development.    This committee has an enormous opportunity to be proactive, to listen to these experts today, to understand what Congress can do to help keep our Nation's skies safe, and produce legislation about UAS that will reflect our safety agenda, while doing no harm to a promising industry.    The FAA Act of 2012 directed FAA to safely integrate unmanned aircraft by 2015, and required the agency to issue regulations on small, unmanned aircraft. While FAA expects to issue this delayed rule next year, this action will provide regulation to safely implement primarily commercial operations. The question I hope we get at today is what should Congress do, and what can FAA do, as well, to ensure the safety of recreational UAS operations.    Some have said that section 336 of the 2012 bill prohibits the agency from taking any meaningful action to regulate small recreational unmanned aircraft. I would caution against a broad interpretation of that provision, which is crafted to apply very narrowly. In fact, in light of all the safety events that have emerged this year, maybe it is time to revisit that provision.    So, I look forward to hearing from all of our panelists today about what Congress, about what the FAA, and, importantly as well, what the industry can do to keep the integration of UAS on track, and to ensure safety. Thank you.    Mr. Larsen. Mr. Whitaker, in previous meetings I have had within the office, private industry technology folks have suggested to me to--that they require registration of the product that individuals purchase, and then share that information with the FAA as a way to track or have a database where you can track use, in the event of a violation. Have you heard that from private industry?    Mr. Larsen. Yes, in conjunction with private industry, because most times, when you buy a piece of technology these days--or if you buy a toaster--you register your product online for warranty purposes, as a for instance, so people do this all the time. But----    Mr. Larsen . The concept that you would then share that--that would be shared, though, with an agency might cause some caution. But this is an idea that has come out of private industry.    Mr. Larsen. Yes.    Mr. Larsen. Right, right. Can you talk a little more about coordination between agencies, maybe with USFS ?    Or an example that happened in my district, we have orca pods in the Puget Sound and near the San Juan Islands. They are a big driver of tourism, of the tourism economy up there. But people have to comply with the Marine Mammal Protection Act. U.S. Fish and Wildlife fined an aerial photographer for violating the MMPA--that is, getting too close to the orca pods, which then--he put this aerial photography and video up on his Web site to advertise himself, basically showing everyone how he violated MMPA, and then was fined for that.    Is that something that runs across your desk at FAA, or can you talk a little bit about how you coordinate with agencies?    Mr. Larsen. Yes, good.    Mr. Hanson, I have had a chance to meet a couple of your members. Your district XI vice president is Chuck Bower and then Ken Woblick is the president of the Whidbey Island Radio Control Society there, and they have attended a few town halls. So I want to commend you on your grassroots organizing on this issue.    Mr. Larsen. But on that perspective, from a local perspective, how would your members look at or--look at registration of UAS purchases, and using that as a database for enforcement, in the event of an incursion, a potential violation?    Mr. Larsen. Right.    Mr. Larsen. Yes.    Mr. Larsen. Yes, I will just--and on that point, I was noting yesterday with staff that the crabbing industry is big in Washington State, as well, and you have got to put your name and address and a contact number on your crab pot buoy, in case it gets loose, or in case someone steals it. But you have to do this, because you need to be held accountable. And so it is the same kind of deal?    Yes, Mr. LoBiondo, did you have a question for me?    Mr. Larsen. That is next.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Deputy Chief Hubbard, in your testimony you said the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior are developing a summary of the 2015 field season, and you will make recommendations. When could we expect to see that summary?    Mr. Larsen. Yes.    Mr. Larsen. Oh, OK, all right. It is available now. Are you making recommendations from that summary?    Mr. Larsen. So one of the instances in California you reported that five aircraft were delayed for 20 minutes. Is that right?    Mr. Larsen. Yes. What impact can a 20-minute delay have on your ability to contain or suppress a fire? What happens in 20 minutes?    Mr. Larsen. Define dramatic.    Mr. Larsen. Yes, yes. So, after we get a chance to review the summary, I may do some followup with you on--just to understand better what steps we might take.    So then, FAA and you all have worked on it. Do you have an MOU ? Is that right, or an MOA ?    Mr. Larsen. An MOA. And what is in that MOA?    Mr. Larsen. How many millions of acres did you say were on fire in the West this year?    Mr. Larsen. Nine million? What was the other number that you had? I mean how many individual fires were there?    Mr. Larsen. Is that an outlier?    Mr. Larsen. So I don't think you are an outlier. I don't think so.    Mr. Whitaker, how do you confirm that there have been situations where drones have come inappropriately close to aircraft? There's been some questions about confirming these, whether they are or they aren't. How does the FAA come around and confirm these?    Mr. Larsen. Yes, yes. And Captain Canoll, how do you confirm? How does ALPA confirm these numbers?    Mr. Larsen. Oh.    Mr. Larsen. Yes.    Mr. Larsen. Yes, right.    And, Dr. K, you are the technology guy. How would you suggest we clean that up? How to confirm these----    Mr. Larsen. Yes, yes. And can you talk a little bit, as well, about--and this will be my final question, I just want to understand, without getting into the deep, gory details, but the difference between an engine taking in a bird, and an engine taking in either a composite material drone, or a drone that is metal-based.    Mr. Larsen. Sure. So we will think about that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.