    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate the opportunity, appreciate the fact of you convening the committee on this important topic today.    Yes, there is tremendous potential in commercial application of drone technology. But, first and foremost, we have to establish the rules that absolutely ensure the integrity and the safety of our aviation system today. We have seen instances mentioned by the ranking member earlier of these toy drones in critical airspace. At this point we don't really know what happens when you suck a quadcopter into a jet engine. And, at my request, the FAA is moving forward with an evaluation.    We did, after an investigation in 2009 for Pittsburgh--or 1994, Pittsburgh, possible bird strike, they calculated a 4-pound bird hits an airplane moving at 260 miles an hour, generates a force equal to 14 tons. Well, you have some of these toys up there in the air that weigh that much. And so, what could that do, if ingested? So we need to know.    What are the solutions? Well, clearly, there are commercial applications, which the FAA is moving forward with. The issue, I believe, can be kind of drawn between toys and commercial applications. And the toys need to be restricted, in terms of where they can operate. That is, they should be programmed before they can be sold, so that they can't fly in restricted airspace, they can't fly over 400 feet. And anybody who is found to have hacked that should be subject--and operates irresponsibly--should be subject to serious penalties and fines.    I think we might also have to look at registration. I had an instance in my hometown of Springfield. Somebody, a Peeping Tom, was using a little drone, looking with a camera, looking in people's windows. It was sighted by the neighbors, and ultimately it crashed. Well, the police have no idea who was operating that thing. We have no way to track it back. There should be a way to track these things back to irresponsible operators, people who are using them illegally, improperly, and endangering both personal privacy and, potentially, safety of the traveling public.    So, I think there is a lot of work to be done. We are going to hear today from the Forest Service. We had interruption in critical firefighting activities this summer because of idiots flying their toy drones into areas where we wanted to operate aircraft to fight the fire, and they had to suspend operations.    There needs to be consequences for people who do those sorts of things, and I expect this committee to work with the FAA to see if they have the authority to take proper action against these sort of people, or whether they need new authorities, and we need new regulations, so that we can divide between people who are using them responsibly, whether for recreation, or those who are using them responsibly and commercially, and those who are the minority, who are using them irresponsibly.    I was called by a reporter last week. They said they expect 1 million of these toy drones to sell for Christmas this year, 1 million. How many of those million people have any idea--obviously, a lot of them live in restricted airspace--what restricted airspace is, and whether or not they can operate the drone there? I don't think they know. So there also has to be a massive educational campaign, in part, which should be pushed forward and paid for by the manufacturers of these toys, who are profiting from their sale. With that, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to the testimony. Thank you.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I was pleased to read that the FAA is going ahead with CACI . I met with them earlier, and they were going to test their technology in Virginia this summer. It has been used in military applications. As they explained it to me, they can pinpoint the operator. That is good. They can do numerous things. They can force the drone to land, they can force it to go back to the operator. Or, in the case of hostiles, they deliver something to the operator.    So, the question, you know, would be, you know, how quickly are we going to move ahead with this? I am very disturbed at the 24 incursions on fires. How many of those people were prosecuted, or were even identified?    Mr. DeFazio. Right. So--and what about registration? You have heard that mentioned. You said you couldn't handle the volume. I mean were you just talking about an online database or something? What is the barrier to requiring registration?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, I would hope that doesn't take too long. I mean I already identified that one case in my hometown, where the police would really like to know who the person--the Peeping Tom was operating that drone, but we will never know.    So--and Mr. Young mentioned the idea that just--I mean you wouldn't want to necessarily disable them and have them drop out of the sky, but they can also direct them to another place. And if we have designated safe sites around airports or critical airspace, and we use this technology, we could direct the drones there and say, ``Oh, come get your drone. We will be waiting.''    So, I mean, this is a very, very--you know, I have been through almost 29 years in this committee, and we used to talk about the tombstone mentality at the FAA. And you know, I am very concerned about what this means to the safe operation of civil aviation in this country.    And beyond that, I am particularly concerned that it will also bring to a halt the legitimate commercial development of drones. I mean we take down one plane with one of these toys that someone is operating irresponsibly, or a terrorist uses, we are going to--this industry is going to grind to a halt altogether. We need to get a handle on this quickly.    Captain, do you have anything you want to add? Because, I mean, it was--Mr. Hanson, I--you know, I am sympathetic to the model folks. I used to build those things out of balsa wood with the little piston engines that didn't work very well, and all that stuff. So I know that whole area. But we are talking about a whole new generation of people, the same people for whom the words ``cell phone'' and ``etiquette'' don't go together are now getting their hands on these drones, and I am worried about responsible operation. Captain?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Anybody want to comment on that?    Mr. DeFazio. No----    Mr. DeFazio. OK, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.