    Mr. Malta. Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and Members of the subcommittee, my name is Vincent Malta. I am the broker of record for Malta and Company in San Francisco, California. I serve as the 2015 National Association of Realtors' Liaison for Law and Policy, and I am here to testify on behalf of the one million members of NAR.    I am also here representing United for Patent Reform Coalition, a broad and diverse group of Main Street, high tech and manufacturing companies that have united to urge the passing of strong, commonsense patent reform.    In the real estate industry, patent trolls have targeted Realtor brokers, agents and multiple listing services for implementing simple Web site technologies. Here are 5 examples where patent trolls have alleged infringement. First, the Real Estate Alliance Ltd. Filed an infringement law suit against a broker and other unnamed defendants, charging that zooming in to locate points on a map was an infringement. The case was eventually dropped after 2 years.    Second, a company called Civix-Ddi LLC charged that providing a searchable data base of property listings infringes its patents. Civix have targeted not only multiple listing services in the real estate industry, but Microsoft, Expedia, Move and other companies. NAR decided to settle this case for $7.5 million, fearing that the cost of letting the case go to trial would be exponentially more expensive.    Third, Data Distribution Technologies charged that a number of real estate firms were in patent violation by providing updates to consumers when properties matched their search criteria are coming on the market. This patent is undeniably abstract because it describes what any real estate professional already does. The real estate companies had to expend time and money to challenge the validity of this abstract patent, finally settling after 2 years.    The Austin Board of Realtors received a demand letter alleging patent infringement for having a drop-down menu on their Web site.    And finally, NAR members received abusive demand letters from the MPHJ Technologies troll that notoriously sent over 16,000 demand letters to businesses, demanding payment for using basic scan-to-mail technology.    Simply put, these patent trolls make everyday business practices potential law suits. Patent trolls typically start by sending form demand letters to dozens, hundreds, or even thousands of businesses at a time. They claim these businesses are infringing on patents, but provide little to no evidence. Typically, the sender will list a patent number only, with no reference to which claim within the patent is alleged to have been infringed. The letters are often intentionally vague, and demand a licensing fee or threaten litigation. If the business does speak with a lawyer, they are often advised to pay the fee rather than risk very costly infringement law suits. This essentially is a junk mail approach that is clogging up our legal system. NAR members and other small businesses rightfully feel extorted by this process.    In 2013, more than 2,600 companies were sued by patent trolls, representing 60 percent of all patent infringement cases brought that year. Small and medium-sized companies paid on average $1 \1/3\ million dollars to settle patent troll cases, and $1.7 million on average in court defense costs for patent troll litigation. Economists estimate that in 2011, patent trolls cost operating companies $80 billion in direct and indirect costs. That is more than the $66 billion State budget of Illinois, and in 2013, almost reaches the $96 billion State budget in Texas. This is a serious problem for the American business community, in particular, small businesses who lack the resources to fight these pointless battles. NAR's most recent surveys indicate that more than half of all realty firms have less than 25 agents.    In the last Congress, this subcommittee passed legislation aimed at addressing demand letter abuse. NAR and the Coalition appreciated the subcommittee's work on the Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters Act. As the subcommittee considers legislation in this Congress, we ask that you consider a few essential guidelines. Fundamentally, patent demand letters must be held to a practical standard of transparency. They must specify the relevant patent claim at issue, they must detail all businesses allegedly infringed, they must include a description of the patent troll's investigation of the alleged infringing activity, and they must disclose the real parties and interest to the dispute. This minimum information will help recipients to thoughtfully review whether infringement allegations merit an agreement to license.    In conclusion, NAR and the United for Patent Reform Coalition urge Congress to act swiftly to enact meaningful demand letter reform for the good of our Nation's small business community, and while demand letter reform is crucial, as an important first step towards broader patent reform, it requires comprehensive and multifaceted reforms.    Thank you for your consideration of our views.    Mr. Malta. Chairman Burgess, I am a Realtor and my members sell the American dreams. And entrepreneurs in the coalition are hard-working business people that are trying to provide services to Americans every day.    The concept of bad faith is a legal one, and that involves an attorney, and that involves time and money, and I can give you examples of what our members have gone through just on its face. This is not about stifling innovation, this is about stopping deceptive practices. So when I hear bad faith it means that my members will have to go to an attorney, seek counsel. I have many small business members as well as in the coalition. So that does not resolve the issue, especially for the small business people of America.    Mr. Malta. Our members believe that, yes, that they should, and that there--that we are more concerned about the outcome as to the protections because our members are in all 50 States. So if you are arguing preemption, et cetera, that at least there be some immediate baseline standard that is created, and that if States want to come and they want to make laws that are even more restrictive, by all means, go ahead, but we want something done in the very near term that affects our members in all 50 States.    Mr. Malta. OK, thank you. Yes, in creating greater transparency, 4 items, OK. First one, specify the relevant patent claim that is at issue. Very basic. Secondly, detail how a business has allegedly infringed the patent. Thirdly, include a description of the patent troll's investigation of the alleged infringing activity. And fourth, disclose the real parties in interest to the dispute, as many of these letters come from attorneys and they don't state who the party in interest is that is trying to enforce the claim, or enforce their patent.    Mr. Malta. Comments are, get it done.    Mr. Malta. And if you get it done in the State of Texas, then perhaps that will provide the patchwork that will force the Federal Government to finally step in and say we need to make sense of this so that people can work under a set of rules, and we can get back to business in some of these areas. So----    Mr. Malta. So the job loss is direct and indirect. Direct when a company is put out of business, OK, and that is more quantifiable, but it is also indirect. We could provide an example such as J.C. Penney who now has a policy of no longer employing or hiring a startup company, in getting them the latest technology, out of fear of being sued because lawyers go where the money is. And so they will go with the startups and then, of course, they will go for the deep pockets in some of the major corporations. So that is affecting small businesses in a great way, when they are not being hired by larger businesses out of fear that they will be sued by patent trolls in relation to their work.    Mr. Malta. Thank you. With an issue like this, there is a starting point, and you are here at the starting point, and that is to stop deceptive practices.    Mr. Malta. And the way--and we are not stopping innovation. And so you are right, it is that balance, but let us stop deception. And that is why we are suggesting and recommending that these letters have basic information in it. And basically stated earlier, state the claim, who is the part at interest, et cetera.    Mr. Malta. And that would be the start to a much greater reform that will probably evolve over time, that will deal with the balancing that needs to be done to preserve innovation.