    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. I have a couple of questions on business development companies. And then whatever time I have left, I am going to yield to Ms. Velazquez for whatever questions she has.    Mr. Grim, thank you for your testimony today. Are you familiar with business development companies under the Investment Company Act?    Mr. Grim. Yes.    Mr. Perlmutter. What are they quickly, just for the record?    Mr. Grim. Business development companies are a specific type of investment company that Congress, back in 1980, set up a similar but a little bit different regime for, as compared to other funds under the Investment Company Act, in recognition of their focus on investing in small and emerging businesses.    Mr. Perlmutter. Is it one of the areas that you oversee or your Division does?    Mr. Grim. Yes.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. So my question is, there has been a proposal or at least some conversation here in Congress to take a look at the eligible acquisitions of business development companies. Seventy percent are supposed to be in small public companies or the like. Thirty percent can be--there is more discretion with 30 percent. And then also the leverage that business development companies have, right now it is 1 to 1, equity to lending. The request would be to go to 2 to 1 so that you could have a little more leverage.    Are you familiar with that proposal that has been floated?    Mr. Grim. Yes, I am generally aware of some of the legislative efforts in this regard.    Mr. Perlmutter. Have you thought about it? What is your reaction to it?    Mr. Grim. I would say a couple of things in response to that. First of all, one of the reasons that we are very focused on BDCs is because they are predominantly held by retail investors. And a second point I would make is that they have grown quite a bit, from $5 billion to $50 billion in net assets just from 2004 until today.    So looking at it through that lens, there have been bills that have been discussed here on the Hill. There was actually one a couple of years ago where Chair White wrote a letter on behalf of it. And I think in terms of how she and we approach these things, when it comes to BDCs you have issuers that sort of touch on two key parts of our mission: the capital formation part of our mission; and the investor protection part of our mission. And I think what she said in her letter was, while BDCs have the ability to take on more leverage already than other types of funds based on the way Congress has drawn the lines previously, this bill would add to that leverage and that could potentially raise investor protection concerns. So that was the gist of the letter that she wrote previously on the bill.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Thank you.    I have 1\1/2\ minutes. Ms. Velazquez, would you like my 1\1/2\ minutes? Okay. I will yield back to the Chair.