    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, if I could just ask, I know that because of the scope and depth of the problem here, Mr. Carraway's attendance here would be very, very important. I'm just wondering if the Committee has any plans to subpoena him, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Lynch. Can I yield to the ranking member?    Mr. Lynch. Well, the fact that--I mean, we got some wide problems here, from perimeter security to people that are on the PreCheck list that are felons, and it's a pretty wide gap in our security. And Mr. Carraway's attendance would be extremely important to us, and I'm just wondering, are we going to get him in here because a lot of my questions are for him?    Mr. Lynch. I did want to ask the ranking member.    Mr. Lynch. If it's needed, I just want to voice my support for that as well. And the fact that the gentleman is not here sort of feeds into the whole narrative here that we have a bureaucracy that's not really responding to the problem that's out there. But I do want to thank the witnesses who are here. That should not diminish your attendance. I appreciate your valuable testimony. It's already been helpful.    As I said, we have got some major gaps in security. There have been several notable security breaches. I note that on September 14, 2013, a TSA employee was arrested along with five others for participating in a scheme to smuggle undocumented immigrants into the United States.    Additionally, two airline employees were arrested in December 2014 for smuggling weapons, guns and ammunition, on at least 20 flights from Atlanta to New York over an 8-month period. And two TSA security screeners at San Francisco International Airport were also arrested in March 2015 for allegedly operating a drug-smuggling conspiracy. In addition, on March 9 there was a report that was in the press. I believe NBC had a story about these 1,400 badges that were--and these were security badges for employees to access secure areas. They had gone missing over roughly 2 years. That was at the Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport.    And as well, in the city of Boston, there's closing arguments today on the death penalty question for one of the Marathon bombers; and the brother who is now deceased, was missed. He actually left the United States, left Boston. Went to Dagestan. We had a report from the Russians to our security offices, the FBI and the CIA, to alert them that he had been engaged in alarming behavior, contacting terrorist groups in Chechnya or Dagestan. And he was on the TIDE list, 700,000 names.    So this is widespread. Mr. Roth, you've done a great job in terms of authenticating some of the gaps here, but do we need to give you more power to actually try to address some of this stuff? There seems to be a division of labor here between the airports and the TSA in terms of whose responsibility it is to set these security protocols?    Mr. Lynch. Is there a lot of turnover among these TSOs, transportation security officers?    Mr. Lynch. Well, I actually think a lot of the things we need to talk about probably are going to have to take place in a classified briefing unfortunately, so I won't waste any more time. So I look forward to that opportunity. Thank you. I yield back.