    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    I thank the chairman for this hearing on this very important topic. I think it is the largest national security threat that we face as a country. And I know all three of our panelists have a lot of knowledge on the issue, and I think it will be very helpful for the committee to hear from them and engage in questions and answers as we try to figure out how to confront this threat.    And part of the problem with the threat is it is not easy to define and is not to easy to put a strategy around, because it really is a broad ideology that has many, many different components.    You know, post-9/11, we saw Al Qaeda as a terrorist group with a centralized leadership that was plotting and planning attacks against us and, I think, responded accordingly to try and defeat that organization, to try and defeat that network, and did a reasonably effective job of it in Afghanistan and in Pakistan as we prevented that group from being able to mount further attacks against us. That is the positive.    The negative is that the ideology itself has metastasized. It has grown into a number of the groups that the chairman mentioned and even more than that, in a lot of different places.    And the root cause is a lack of solid governance, a lack of solid economic opportunity in the Middle East and North Africa and much of the Arab Muslim world. They have an exploding youth population that has nothing to do; no jobs and no prospects. So the ideology that comes along and says, ``I have the answer for you,'' has plenty of willing recruits. And, meanwhile, they don't have much in the way of an example of a good government anywhere that they could look to and work with.    So it is going to be very difficult to contain. I think the chairman laid out, you know, the challenges with ISIS in Iraq and Syria, the collapse in Yemen, the difficulties in Libya. But, overall, I think we need a long-term strategy.    One of the things that I think has hampered us is this notion that we have to be able to confidently say either, A, that we are winning or that we are going to win and here is how. I honestly think that this is a long-term ideological struggle, not something that we can say, you know, we are determined to defeat it so let's just suck it up and 3 or 4 years from now it will be done. It took 75 years to defeat communism. I think we have to figure out how to have a long-term strategy for dealing with this ideology.    Now, that doesn't mean that in the short term the ideology runs rampant. A huge piece of that strategy is containing the threat, figuring out how to protect our interests from violence, and figuring out how to begin to roll back these groups and roll back the advance of their ideology.    But it is an issue that defies an easy answer. So what we hope to hear today is some ideas on how we can proceed and move forward, mindful of the fact that it is a very, very large problem that is going to take a long time to deal with.    And the final point that I will make: One of the things that hamstrings us is it is not something the U.S. or the Western world can take care of. The Muslim world does not want the United States to show up and tell it what it ought to do. And this is true even of the moderate Muslims that we look to work with.    We have to figure out how we can be helpful to support those moderate voices so that they can triumph, so that they can defeat these extremist ideologies. It cannot be Western-driven, by the very definition of the way those folks look at the world. So we can help, but if we help too much, in an odd sort of way we wind up hurting the overall effort. I think that is the lesson we learned in Iraq and Afghanistan.    So, with that, I look forward to the testimony, the questions. And I appreciate the chairman holding the committee; or the hearing, I should say.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    I would just mention to Members that I think we are supposed to have votes on the floor roughly around 10:40, 10:45. And so I am going to try to be fairly strict with, be strict with the time limits so we can move along smartly.    I ask unanimous consent that the full written statement of all of our witnesses be made part of the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Let me again thank our witnesses for being here.    I am very pleased to see retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency; Mr. William Braniff, executive director, National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism, with the University of Maryland; and Dr. Marc Lynch with The George Washington University.    All of these gentlemen have done very serious, helpful work for the committee and for the country on this topic of terrorism.    And we are very grateful to have you with us today. As I said, your full written statement will be made part of the record. If you would like to summarize at this point and then we will get to questions, we would appreciate it.    General Flynn.    General Flynn. Great. Thank you.    Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, members of the committee, it is an honor to be here today, and I really appreciate the invitation.    You have asked me to comment on the state of Islamic extremism. Today I have the unhappy task of informing you that, according to every metric of significance, Islamic extremism has grown over the last year.    Whether it be the scale and scope of ISIS and its associated movements, the number of violent Islamist groups, the territory which these groups control, the number of terrorist attacks these groups perpetrate, the massive numbers and suffering of refugees and displaced persons due to these Islamist groups, that is approximately 15 million people, the amount of kidnapping and rape of women and children by these groups, the numbers of casualties they inflict, their broad expansion and use of the Internet, which is very serious, or just their sheer barbarism that we have witnessed, I can draw no other conclusion than to say that the threat of Islamic extremism has reached an unacceptable level and that it is growing.    We are at war with violent and extreme Islamists, both Sunni and Shia, and we must accept and face this reality.    This enemy has an engrained and unshakeable vision of how the world and society should be ordered, and they believe violence is a legitimate means of bringing about this ideal state. The violent Islamist is serious, devout, committed, and dangerous. His ideology justifies the most heinous, inhumane actions imaginable, and he will not be reasoned with, nor will he relent. This enemy must be opposed, they must be killed, they must be destroyed, and the associated extremist form of the Islamic ideology must be defeated wherever it rears its ugly head.    There are some who counsel patience, arguing violent Islamists are not an existential threat and therefore can simply be managed as criminals. I respectfully and strongly disagree.    I have been in the theaters of war of Iraq and Afghanistan for many years, faced this enemy up close and personal, and I have seen firsthand the unrestrained cruelty of this enemy. They may be animated by a medieval ideology, but they are thoroughly modern in their capacity to kill and maim, as well as precisely and very smartly message their ideas, intentions, and actions via the Internet. In fact, they are increasingly capable of threatening our Nation's interests and those of our allies.    Furthermore, it would be foolish for us to wait until our enemies pose an existential threat before taking decisive action. Doing so would only increase the cost in blood and treasure later for what we know must be done now. Our violent and extremely radical Islamist enemies must be stopped.    To that end, I offer the following three strategic objectives:    First, we have to energize every element of national power, similar to the effort during World War II or during the cold war, to effectively resource what will likely be a multigenerational struggle. There is no cheap way to win this fight.    Second, we must engage the violent Islamists wherever they are, drive them from their safe havens, and kill them. There can be no quarter and no accommodation for this vicious group of terrorists. Any nation-state that offers safe haven to our enemies must be given one choice: to eliminate them or be prepared for those contributing partners involved in this endeavor to do so.    We do need to recognize there are nations who lack the capability to defeat this threat and will likely require help to do so inside of their own internationally recognized boundaries. We must be prepared to assist those nations.    Third, we must decisively confront the state and non-state supporters and enablers of the violent Islamist ideology and compel them to end their support to our enemies or be prepared to remove their capacity to do so.    Many of these are currently considered partners of the United States. This must change. If our so-called partners do not act in accordance with internationally accepted norms and behaviors or international law, the United States must be prepared to cut off or severely curtail economic, military, and diplomatic ties. We cannot be seen as being hypocritical to those we are partnering with to defeat radical Islam.    Finally, in pursuit of these objectives, I fully support Congress' constitutional role in providing an authorization for the use of military force. This authorization should be broad and agile but unconstrained by unnecessary restrictions, restrictions that today cause not only frustration in our military, our intelligence, and our diplomatic communities, but also significantly slow down the decision-making process for numerous fleeting opportunities.    It is important, however, to realize that such an authorization is neither a comprehensive strategy nor a war-winning one. If there is not a clear, coherent, and comprehensive strategy forthcoming from the administration, there should be no authorization.    With that, Chairman, I am happy to take your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, General.    Mr. Braniff.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just following up on that rather key point, there are problems all over the world. Yemen, ironically, is a Shiite uprising that has, you know, overturned the government there, which gets us into the whole issue that if, you know, decent governance in that region is going to depend upon, believe it or not, Saudi Arabia and Iran figuring out how to get along in that part of the world, because neither one is going to be able to vanquish the other, and, in the meantime, they are doing enormous damage to each other. But that is a subject, perhaps, for a whole other hearing.    But this notion that, you know, it is all falling apart, these guys are, as you said, Dr. Lynch, superman, they are going to take over everything, and I think the analysis of ISIL is interesting. You know, you watch the news reports and then the chairman's comments about how they are still spreading, they are still going. That is what people believe. That is simply not the case.    Several months ago, and I am going to get my timeline wrong, when they went rolling through, you know, out of Syria, went rolling through Iraq, took Mosul, everyone was saying, oh, my goodness, they are going to be in Baghdad next week. Well, they are not, and they are never going to be. They were, as you mentioned, rolled out of Kobane.    They have not taken any territory since that initial surge, and they have given back territory. They were also within miles of Erbil, and, again, my timeline is off here, but a few months before. But with allied support and with support for the Kurds, they were pushed back.    So we have to keep this in a realistic perspective, because I think our greatest strength and possibility here is what you said: These guys can't govern. They cannot deliver for the Muslim population. And in Mosul right now, it is falling apart. The electricity is off pretty much every day. Nobody is picking up the garbage. They can't govern. The people there are only staying with them out of fear.    So I do believe that ISIL's momentum has been blunted. And it is really interesting; it has been blunted in part with the help of the U.S. military, but it has been blunted more by their own weaknesses. And that is what we have to remember, and that is what I want to ask General Flynn about.    You know, I get this, it is an existential threat. I agree with you. And, therefore, we have to, you know, amass all of our forces and figure out how to defeat them.    But, fundamentally, do you disagree with the statement that U.S. military might is simply not in a position to defeat this ideology because of this clash of civilizations, because of the way the Muslim world looks at Western aggression, and that the only way that we are going to be successful is if we get moderate Muslims to rise up against these folks and support them? I mean, do you think it would be good to drop a whole bunch of troops down in the middle of Syria and Iraq right now and go get them? Or don't you see, sort of, how that would perhaps play into the hands of ISIL?    And, if so, what does it mean to say we are going to mount all of our, you know, military might and go get them? Don't we have a little bit of a Gordian knot in that regard?    General Flynn. So the answer, quick answer is----    Mr. Smith. Sorry, that was, like, six questions.    General Flynn. Yeah, I know.    Mr. Smith. It is early in the morning.    General Flynn. You typically do that to me.    Mr. Smith. Yeah.    General Flynn. So, overall, the answer is yes.    Mr. Smith. That you believe you----    General Flynn. Yes, that I don't think, I don't believe, what you just said about, you know, dropping in, you know, hundreds of thousands, or U.S. forces, you also said that they are an existential threat. I wouldn't sit here today and say ISIS is an existential threat to this country.    Mr. Smith. The broader ideology.    General Flynn. But the broader ideology is one that will get inside of our bloodstream, get inside of our DNA, if you will, and will permeate over time if we don't do something about it now. So it doesn't help us to just kind of wait to do something.    Now, when I describe, you know, in what I recommended about, you know, the combination of the elements of national power, I mean, you just look at the information campaign that is being waged not by just ISIS but by Al Qaeda writ large and the way that they are able to do it, the sophistication that they are able to do it, I mean, that campaign alone, the military has some little bits and pieces of trying to counter that on a tactical battlefield, but there has to be a broader imagination that this country, working with partners and working with some of these, you know, so-called moderate nations, and I say that in my statement about, we have partners out there, and, you know, we have to really be honest with ourselves about some of these partners.    Mr. Smith. Yeah.    General Flynn. I mean, we can't continue to fund and do all these kinds of things and have some of these nations sit at the table with the United States of America when, in fact, we know that they are funding some of these organizations. That is a diplomatic tool that we have to leverage.    And there are economic tools that we have to leverage. When we say that we are going after terrorist financing and we are going to stop this guy or we are going to shut down this money being made by the Baiji oil refinery, those are tactical things.    We have to look at how are we dealing with the moderate, frankly, the moderate Arab world and these nations where we do have economic partnerships and relationships. And we need to ask them, are they doing everything they can from the role of being moderate----    Mr. Smith. Let me clarify. And I think Dr. Lynch would agree. You know, I am not going to say that there is a moderate, you know, Muslim nation that, we are talking about more individual people and groups than we are one nation or another.    General Flynn. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. And, you know, for instance, I mean, the biggest success that we had in Iraq was the Anbar Awakening. And that wasn't a government. That was Sunni tribes----    General Flynn. Yeah.    Mr. Smith . Rising up and saying, and you were there. You know how----    General Flynn. Well, I agree. I mean, it took 50,000 more troops, though, too. The Anbar Awakening was incentivized by another 50,000 U.S. American troops on the ground.    Mr. Smith. That is a fascinating argument, because, you know, the Anbar Awakening was a force multiplier of, like, 2 million.    General Flynn. Yeah, but, I mean, I talk to some of these individuals almost on a daily basis who were involved in this.    So I guess what I am telling you, Congressman, is that we have to be far more sophisticated, and we really do have to use our imagination to defeat this ideology. Tactically, we need to go after ISIS, you know, and then, frankly, any of these other safe havens.    But we have to be more sophisticated in our application of all the instruments of national power to be able to achieve what it is that I believe we need to achieve over a long period of time, as you recognize in your opening statement.    Mr. Smith. And I won't disagree with that. The only thing I will say is I worry a great deal about the notion that people are focused on the U.S. military as the solution to this problem.    General Flynn. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. And I worry when we talk about, oh, you know, the AUMF has to be open-ended so we can go anywhere anytime. And believe me, I love the military, you know.    General Flynn. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. You work with them, you ask them if they can do something; is the answer ever no?    General Flynn. No.    Mr. Smith. It is not.    General Flynn. It is not.    Mr. Smith. I mean, you tell them, you know, you have five guys, can you defeat these, yeah. I mean, that is just how they are oriented. And that is terrific.    But that isn't always the right strategy; because sometimes there are things that military might can't do and, in this case, can really sort of turn it back around on us if we aren't careful.    General Flynn. But there is, and I am sorry because I don't want to go into too much of this. But there is a benefit to applying pressure on an enemy.    Mr. Smith. Absolutely.    General Flynn. So you have to not let them have a sound night's sleep anywhere where these vicious individuals exist and groups exist.    And, in the meantime, all the other pieces that we have to bring to bear, and that is really my, that is my argument. And that is one administration to the next, because I think the last administration really struggled and maybe came to that realization later on.    Mr. Smith. It is not an easy answer.    General Flynn. It is not. It is not an easy answer.    Mr. Smith. I mean, it is not easy to know when to apply force and when not to. And, you know, there is a lot more tactics than strategy.    You have been generous with the time, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Miller.    Mr. Smith. Thank you. Just two follow-ups. One on the notion that al-Baghdadi and ISIS is somehow doing better than Al Qaeda did in governance. There have been just as many stories out there, like I said, Mosul is a disaster, and if I am wrong about that, please correct me, but from a governance standpoint. And there have been just as many stories of ISIL, you know, cutting people's hands off for smoking and alienating tribes. I don't really see any evidence that they are doing any better in terms of governing Muslims.    The one thing that they have going for them is the Baghdad government. Sunnis have no place else to go because, frankly, I haven't seen much improvement with al-Abadi. You know, Maliki was terrible, but the Sunnis still look at the Baghdad government as, you know, Shiite and basically sectarian. We have had, you know, massacres of Sunnis by Shia militia groups here recently. I mean, I think that has more to do with the fact that Sunnis are unable to break away from al-Baghdadi and ISIL than it does that they are governing better. Am I missing something? Is there some evidence that they are governing better, that they are not doing the same sort of violence against their citizens that Al Qaeda in Iraq did before, or are they, the Taliban did, for that matter?    Mr. Smith. It is a separate point. We are talking a little bit about what Al Qaeda in Iraq, Al Qaeda in Iraq did control territory before the Anbar Awakening, and they did run shadow governments. The Taliban did as well. So where they have governed was the comparison. And, in that sense, are they doing better than the Taliban did or some of these other Al Qaeda and Iraq folks did?    Mr. Smith. Yeah, the Maliki alternative. And one final point on Guantanamo, the conversation back and forth about that. I would not take seriously any argument that says that we don't need to detain enemies. We do. The question is, do we need to detain them at Guantanamo? Nor would I argue with the point that, look, you are not going to close Guantanamo, and have, you know, the violent Islamic extremists go, Okay, we are good. I understand that. But it is not necessary, is it, to detain them at Guantanamo? I mean, the entire reason that Guantanamo was set up, was the belief that maybe we could somehow sidestep habeas corpus, but the Supreme Court has shut that down. Is there any reason that we couldn't take these people, as we have in many instances, and detain them here in the United States?    General Flynn. So we definitely need to be able to capture because if we only kill, that, to me, is a moral problem.    Mr. Smith. I got that, but where?    General Flynn. So you know, when you look at prior to 2003, there were many non-Afghans detained in Afghanistan. So, you know, I am not going to argue with you where, because I think we have to decide. We have to make that decision. But to be able to do tactical interrogation----    Mr. Smith. I got all that. That wasn't my question.    General Flynn . Professionally, you can't, if we bring them into the United States and they get read their habeas corpus rights, that stops the process of being able to get the kind of information that you can get through very professionally done interrogations. I am telling you, I have seen it.    Mr. Smith. I have got to tell you, I have heard that argument a thousand times.    General Flynn. I have been involved in thousands of interrogation operations to be able to get to that point.    Mr. Smith. You are telling me that every law enforcement personnel in the U.S., every FBI agent, gets no useful intelligence out of anybody they capture because once they Mirandize them, it is over and they can't get any information out of them?    General Flynn. It is a lot slower. And I have been on both sides of it. Ranking Member, I have been on both sides of it. And it doesn't mean that we can't have professional law enforcement representatives involved in the process----    Mr. Smith. Right.    General Flynn . From a detention interrogation process.    Mr. Smith. Right. I disagree with you on the fact that somehow Miranda instantaneously shuts off the gathering of information. But putting that point aside, there is no reason, you know, as we have done with other people, you have to do that in Guantanamo, too. I mean, the same things apply in both places. So----    General Flynn. True.    Mr. Smith . I guess the central question is, there is no reason that we couldn't do the same thing here in the U.S. that we do in Guantanamo. Guantanamo does not give us any particular interrogation or detention advantage.    General Flynn. You just have to make sure, I mean, there is a timeliness issue, and you know, you have to make sure that the conditions are set for that. I mean, again, that is kind of a legislative to executive discussion about, if we bring them into the United States, what does that mean legally? I am not a lawyer. I don't know that. But I just know that there is probably going to be a different set of conditions when we bring them inside of the United States because we don't have designated combat zones anymore.    Mr. Smith. You can bring them into----    General Flynn. Wherever they go, we have to be able to capture these individuals to be able to get the intelligence out of them.    Mr. Smith. There is no difference at this point between Guantanamo and the U.S.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Nugent.