    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bresch, since I have a limited amount of time, I want to ask you a series of yes-and-no questions, and then I will give you an opportunity to respond in more detail if you'd like at the end.    First, epinephrine, obviously, is an essential lifesaving drug, correct?    Mr. Clay. The formulation of epinephrine, the active drug in the EpiPen, has not changed since 2007, correct?    Mr. Clay. The formulation of the----    Mr. Clay. --drug has not. Do you admit that you have raised the price of EpiPens by more than 400 percent since acquiring it in 2007?    Mr. Clay. Do you admit that Mylan has spent millions and millions of dollars to expand the EpiPen market?    Mr. Clay. And according to press reports, on September 17, 2015, you stated at a conference, and I quote: ``We are continuing to open up new markets, new access with public entity legislation that would allow restaurants and hotels and really anywhere you are congregating, there should be access to an EpiPen.''    Did you make that statement?    Mr. Clay. In 2012, a settlement agreement was reached with Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, preventing it from putting a generic on the market until 2015 or earlier under certain circumstances. Is that correct? Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. Do you admit that by delaying the entry of a generic drug into the marketplace, Mylan has had less competition? Do you admit that, that you had less competition by that delay? Not you-all delaying, but having the delay.    Mr. Clay. Okay. The New York Times reported that although Mylan, and I quote, ``was once taking two 10-percent price increases a year, it has made two 15-percent increases annually starting in 2014, when the generic competition seemed imminent.''    Do you admit that, in anticipation of generic competition, Mylan raised the price more sharply than it had in the past?    Mr. Clay. So, raising the price, do you admit that these price increases were intended to generate even more significant revenue before generics entered the market? Was that the intent of the raising the price, that you-all receive additional revenues?    Mr. Clay. Have you ever witnessed an individual having an epileptic seizure? I grew up in the 1960s and 1970s, and I had a friend who I witnessed on a couple of occasions these seizures. Have you ever seen an individual have a seizure?    Mr. Clay. Yes.    Mr. Clay. Well, it's not a pretty sight. And it's--I mean, look, modern medicine has advanced in a way that's beneficial to patients, but to have companies like yours take advantage of this situation, take advantage of these people who are really in need of this medication, I think it speaks to something that is--that we are better than that.    And I would hope that corporate America, that the pharmaceutical industry is better than that. I mean, look, in the last few seconds, tell me what--you know, how did we get to this point, that we have a culture like this in corporate America that wants to stick it to consumers?    Mr. Clay. But initially you put it out of reach of the average consumer.