    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lombardi, I would like to talk to you about the Defense Meteorological Satellite number 20, which the Air Force affectionately refers to as DMSP 20. Back in 1997, the Air Force paid industry to build this DMSP 20. Then they promptly put it in a storage facility for so long that the Air Force ultimately had to pay industry to upgrade it because it was antiquated. All the while, you paid millions of dollars a year to keep this satellite in storage. In all, the Air Force spent well over a half a billion dollars of taxpayer money on this satellite, $518 million to be specific. Then, in 2014, the Air Force told Congress that it no longer wanted the satellite and wanted to scrap it. Then they came back last year in 2015 and said: No, we have become too dependent on Russia and China for this meteorological information; we need to launch the satellite.    Well, unfortunately, Congress had lost confidence in the Air Force's ability to manage this program.    Mr. Lombardi, we spent $500 million that could have been used to support national security. Instead it is going in the trash. I presume it is going to be made into razor blades. We could have saved the Air Force and the Congress a lot of aggravation if we had 18 years ago put a half a billion dollars in a parking lot in a pile and just burned it.    So my question is, why should we have any confidence that the Air Force can manage space programs when we look at this example, and what did we learn from this situation?    Mr. Rogers. You haven't convinced us, and this is a perfect example.    In these times of austerity, when we are just struggling trying to keep the Pentagon funded--and this committee fights with the Congress constantly, trying to get adequate defense spending--this kind of example kills us. This is just an inexcusable waste.    But now moving on. And this is to any of the witnesses. We have seen a number of cases where innovative acquisition approaches have led to quick, very effective procurement of desperately needed capabilities. One of the best examples is the public-private partnerships allowed to build military family housing with minimal upfront investment from the taxpayer. We have also seen energy savings performance contracts that have allowed us to build modern buildings and leverage long-term energy savings with minimal upfront taxpayer dollars. How can we extend these types of innovative arrangements? Are there new types of innovation you believe are needed, and most specifically, what statutory authority do you need to ensure these type of arrangements receive fair consideration?    Mr. Rogers. You are missing my point. I am talking about taking creative approaches to financing program procurement. One of the things that I am hearing is that--CBO as well as the OMB --is the problem in scoring, that we had to statutorily change the law so that the military housing could be built by private money and paid for over time. I guess I am looking for do you think we need statutory change to try to approach procurement with financing over a long period of time instead of paying for it in 1 year? Do you need some legislative authority to do that? My time is up. If you could respond in writing, I would appreciate that.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Ms. Sanchez.