    Mr. Allison. Good afternoon, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to testify about the Federal Air Marshal Service.    Our mission at FAMS is to detect, deter, and defeat criminal or terrorist activities against our transportation systems. We perform our core mission by deploying Federal Air Marshals on United States-flagged aircraft throughout the world, 365 days a year, utilizing a concept of operations that aligns with TSA's risk-based security strategy.    Federal Air Marshals are law enforcement officers who receive specialized training to prepare them for the challenges associated with a very difficult working environment. Our officers operate at 30,000 feet, in restricted space, and have no backup to call upon.    The Service is unique in its ability to remain flexible and to rapidly deploy hundreds of law enforcement officers in response to specific evolving threats within the transportation domain around the world.    I can assure you that the vast majority of Federal Air Marshals are quiet counterterrorism professionals working diligently every day on thousands of flights a year to protect the traveling public and ensure our transportation systems are safe.    There have been recent media reports on this conduct by FAMS. I can assure you that Administrator Neffenger finds misconduct at any level completely unacceptable. I wholeheartedly share his philosophy and have made it crystal-clear to every employee: There is no tolerance for misconduct.    All personnel are very well aware of our high standards and expectations of professionalism. And, as Federal law enforcement professionals, they are held to a higher standard, both on duty and off duty. I share the committee's expectation that we, as government employees, must demonstrate the highest level of integrity and conform to a rigorous code of conduct.    As you know, I cannot comment on pending investigations. However, I can tell you that all allegations of misconduct are immediately referred to TSA's Office of Inspection or the DHS Office of Inspector General for a thorough, impartial, and independent investigation.    The results of these investigations are reported to TSA's Office of Professional Responsibility. Investigative findings that are substantiated by these independent investigations may result in severe consequences, up to and including removal from Federal service. And please note that the discipline decisions are independently administered, as well, by Assistant Administrator Heather Book's staff at the Office of Professional Responsibility, who is here today.    Since becoming the FAMS Director in June of 2014, I have made strong value-based leadership, workforce engagement, enhancing communication, and promoting the highest level of professionalism and integrity in the Air Marshal Service my top priorities. Over the past 16 months, I have personally visited all 22 Federal Air Marshal field offices, and, together with the Deputy Director, we have held 50 townhall meetings throughout the FAMS organization.    I also use multiple means of communication to ensure open dialogue access at all levels of the workforce. I encourage the use of the Director's email box, personally engage with both the Federal Air Marshal Advisory Council and the Supervisory Air Marshal Advisory Council. I utilize an ombudsman and aggressively communicate the availability of support and assistance programs that are available to all employees.    Since the vast majority of our employees are dedicated professionals who conduct themselves in an exemplary manner each and every day, I have initiated a number of programs to recognize, award, and thank them. This outreach has provided me the opportunity to highlight and express my appreciation for the outstanding work that is being accomplished by so many.    During initial training, all Federal Air Marshals are provided multiple courses regarding integrity, accountability, and professionalism. We have expanded our in-service training to a variety of topics, including resiliency, critical incident response, and, most recently, completed mandatory alcohol awareness training.    All TSA employees are subject to recurrent annual vetting and on an annual basis certify that they understand and will abide by TSA's employee responsibilities and code of conduct. Additionally, FAMS are subject to security clearance determinations and appointments to national security critical sensitive positions following strict adherence to the federally established adjudication guidelines.    Nonetheless, these proactive efforts won't prevent all misconduct. There are a handful of employees who may betray the trust bestowed upon them. In these cases, both headquarters and field leaders must and will act appropriately, quickly, and decisively.    During my visits, I have stressed to supervisors their responsibility to lead. They are expected to mentor subordinates and to manage minor issues at the local level. I have empowered them to lead by example and to foster a law enforcement environment that promotes integrity and accountability. I believe a strong leadership reduces the likelihood of misconduct and performance issues.    We continue to provide our workforce with the resources and specialized support required to carry out the mission. As such, FAMS maintains a number of medical programs, to include a comprehensive annual physical, health and fitness program, and employee assistance resources. The FAMS medical section is staffed with a physician and other full-time medical professionals who are available to FAMS personnel at any time.    FAMS recognizes the value of these programs, as our mission is demanding both physically and mentally. We will continue to make these and other employee assistance programs available to our personnel.    The Federal Air Marshal Service is a strong counterterrorism element in the security TSA provides to the traveling public. We take our mission seriously, and our workforce is dedicated to preventing and disrupting both criminal and terrorist acts aboard aircraft within the transportation domain.    Our workforce is comprised of exceptional men and women who execute a difficult mission. I am deeply honored to lead this team of counterterrorism professionals, and our Nation should be proud of the work they do each and every day to support the goal of securing our transportation systems.    I appreciate this committee's interest in our mission as we execute our sworn duties, which are vital to the security of the traveling public. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir. June 2014.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir, that is an active investigation.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir. We are all familiar with the reports.    Mr. Allison. I prefer to look at those as challenges and opportunities, Mr. Congressman.    Mr. Allison. Yes, Ms. Congressman. These positions are designated as national security critical sensitive positions, which are subject to Top Secret clearances.    Mr. Allison. Yes. Congresswoman, the adjudication guidelines, of which you are referring, there are 13 criteria: allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, financial responsibility or irresponsibility, criminality, and so forth. So when these allegations occur, these are actually referred for investigation, first and foremost. And as these investigations are ongoing, if these investigators, who are very good, by the way--they actually refer these to the Office of Security.    They can, in turn, take a look at that statement or activity and decide if it hinges upon one of the 13 criteria that I identified either on a continual basis or a one-time, sort of, egregious incident. From that, they will make or could make an unfavorable determination of whether that individual will have his clearance suspended or even petitioned for a revoke.    These are two-step processes. If it is a suspension, the agency, the Federal Marshal Service, will move forward with an indefinite suspension without pay up until the time that this issue is revolved.    Mr. Allison. Congresswoman, it could happen before. It depends upon the facts and circumstances of the case. Most of the times, these are admissions. Sometimes--it won't be done based just on an allegation; we need a little bit more than that. But typically they are based upon admissions or a strong set of facts and circumstances.    Mr. Allison. We found out about this in June, and by mid-July these individuals were all suspended without pay.    Mr. Allison. Congresswoman, I was asked that same question by Ranking Member Cummings last night, and what I told him was, if we are waiting on discipline to be the only measure by which we can mold and shape a model workplace, our arms are going to be tired from taking off all these people's heads.    Mr. Allison. So what I believe and the road that we have embarked upon is bringing to bear all the resources that we have within the organization--performance management, policy, training, enforcement, discipline is one of them, the personnel security aspect, and then good old-fashioned leadership.    Mr. Allison. Congresswoman, first of all, let me just state my opinion about the activity that we're talking about here today.    For law enforcement officers to engage in this conduct that really contributes to the scourge of human trafficking is reprehensible. These individuals are a disgrace to the profession; they are a disgrace to our organization. I came from a place in the military where you never embarrass yourself or the organization. And this committee has my commitment that I'm going to take a personal interest in making sure these people are shown the door.    To your question about hiring, the vast majority of the air marshals were hired in a standup right after 9/11. Since then, we've had a couple of other hiring opportunities. I believe one might have been in 2007 or 2008, and, subsequent, there was one in 2011. That was the last time we've hired.    The good news is we're a learning organization. We've gotten better, and our last hiring effort, we actually infused much more scrutiny upon the folks.    So I'm not here to say that--I'm not blaming it on 9/11, the standup. That was a challenging time for a lot of people. But, as we move forward and if I get the opportunity to hire, to your point, we're going to put polygraphs in place, which we weren't doing before. They were all vetted and everybody had a background check, but background checks are snapshots in time. They don't predict future behavior.    So I don't know if I can say unequivocally we didn't do a good job of hiring. I think we can do a better job of hiring, to your point.    Mr. Allison. I'm certainly willing to ask the IG. But just let me share with you, in the President's budget for this year, we had made a request, but, in that process, we actually worked internally with our Office of Human Capital, our Office of Civil Rights and Liberties, we had a team of people looking at, okay, if we get a chance to hire, what is this going to look like, how are we going to manage this, and what's the best way to move forward. Because we want quality applicants. I would rather not have to deal with bad employees. So I share your concern.    Mr. Allison. Well, Mr. Chairman, as I explained to you last night, I cannot give any details on that investigation.    Mr. Allison. Mr.----    Mr. Allison. There was an investigation, and in the conducting of that investigation they found activity that led to what we're here talking about today.    Mr. Allison. And which is still ongoing, by the way.    Mr. Allison. I do know that that was referred to the U.S. Attorneys Office and----    Mr. Allison. They told me I should contact the U.S. Attorneys Office.    Mr. Allison. I did not--I did not get that, Mr. Chairman. What I got was for details relating to----    Mr. Allison. Everybody involved in this----    Mr. Allison. Well, there were three.    Mr. Allison. All of the individuals involved were put on indefinite suspension without pay, and one individual has resigned.    Mr. Allison. We were notified sometime around the second or third week of June, and by the middle of July, I believe, they were on indefinite suspension.    Mr. Allison. Most of our line employees are--we have a different pay system, but equivalent to the GS system, more or less--the 13 level. They weren't supervisors, to your----    Mr. Allison. Mr. Chairman, I'm not aware--if it was, it was minor.    Mr. Allison. I do not know, Mr. Chairman. But I can just tell you that the majority of our people, when they hear about these things, they're sickened. So, for them to, as you stated, assume that it was okay, I think it's a case where they must've thought it was okay and they must've felt they weren't going to get caught.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir.    Mr. Allison. I'm not aware of that, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Allison. I'm not aware of that, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Allison. Well, one, I'm not sure there was anybody that was a foreign individual, but--so, no, we haven't contacted the intelligence----    Mr. Allison. Meaning, sir?    Mr. Allison. I'm not aware of the frequency.    Mr. Allison. I suspect you're right.    Mr. Allison. So, Mr. Chairman, the suggestion that there is alcohol abuse, I'm not aware of that.    I will tell you that, my 23 months that I spent in the Office of Inspection before I became the FAMS Director--and, by the way, I had no idea I was coming to be a FAMS Director--it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that Mr. Booze was an enabling factor with a lot of off-duty misconduct--domestic violence issues, DUIs.    So, upon taking the position, the first thing I did was order the orchestration of an alcohol awareness program, which was really founded on two individuals who poured their heart and souls out on this video and talked about how alcohol ruined their lives. They almost died. And so the point of that was to say to the workforce, ``If you have a problem, come forth. We're going to help you.''    So I'm on there talking about the mission, our reputation as an organization. The Federal Air Marshals are talking about what alcohol did to them, the fact that they're still productive members of the organization. We have the medical people talking about the assistance that's available to them. And, also, the personnel security chief talks about what can happen these things--if it's not managed appropriately.    So I ordered that to be completed. The product exceeded my expectations, a tribute to my staff. Everybody in the organization had received that training by May of this year.    Mr. Allison. Sure, Congresswoman. So the good news is we've been doing that probably for about 4 years.    And we're a little bit different--and I saw the memo that was provided to me last night by the staff--we're a little bit different organized than EPA. So we do have a DHS IG, but, within TSA, we do have an Office of Inspection where there are criminal investigators that do investigations.    And so, similarly to what you described is, when these investigations are occurring, if the facts and circumstances present themselves and gives us an opportunity to take an administrative action, we will do that.    Now, all cases are different. You know, sometimes the U.S. Attorneys Office is involved and you can't share the information. But, to your point, we look for opportunities when we can, where we can.    Mr. Allison. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Mr. Allison. So, Mr. Ranking Member, what I see is, having the benefit of been into every field office--now, granted, there are some limitations, because if I go to an office today, New York, for example, there may be 75 Federal Air Marshals; if I stay the night, I'll see a different 75. So I can't get to everybody. But my experience of going out to the field, talking to the Federal Air Marshals, having candid conversations, I am truly impressed by the men and women that work for us.    They believe in what they do. As we sit here today, we're a week removed from the ceremonies that took place in the country about 9/11. A lot of people remember 9/11 one day a year; we remember it every day of the year. And the men and women really value their responsibility in this organization.    But I have to candidly admit to you that we have some people who just feel like the rules don't apply to them and they don't have to abide by the rules. As I said jokingly last night--and I said I wouldn't say this today, but I'm going to--they don't wear T-shirts and they don't confess. You've got to find them.    So if I tell people what the expectations are and they nod their head, there's nothing else to talk about, right? It's time to find another job. And most of the people in this organization, they respect that. And they're looking for us, as leaders, to do something about this. They don't like being splashed all over the news every other month.    So do I think we have a culture problem? No. I just think we have a handful of people who, again, just think no one's looking and they can get away with this stuff.    I mean, you heard my remarks about, you know, soliciting prostitutes, which, again, you know, contributes to the scourge, as I said, of human trafficking. How can a law enforcement who really cares about this mission, this department, this organization, engage in that activity? It just baffles the mind. So, you know, it's time for them to find another job, and I'm going to help them do that.    Mr. Allison. Sure.    You know, I really get a lot of enjoyment out of the townhall visits. You know, you walk in the room--and when I was a soldier, it was a big deal when the general showed up. I don't think I'm important, but everybody else seems to.    But it's imperative to have those conversations with our workforce, to tell them, this is where we are, this is what we're working on, am I looking at the right things, what say you, and give them an opportunity to ask questions. They range anywhere from, ``What's the future of the organization,'' to ``I heard about this change, I heard about that change.'' And the longer it goes, inevitably it gets down to personal issues, but that's what I'm there for.    So it's extremely invaluable, because out of that process what we've learned or what I learned was, in our effort over the years to really enforce policies and discipline, I think we--it might sound counterintuitive to what we're talking about today--probably went a little bit too far, to the point where we had a culture of writing people up. And what I mean is, you know, you don't want to have a place where your good people are walking on eggshells. And that's kind of where we are.    So we just recently rolled that back. And working with Heather and Office of Human Capital and our counsel office and Office of Inspections, we're really delegating a lot of these low-level, minor issues back to the management so they can lead, like managers should be doing. And then Heather's shop can focus on the more important issues and maybe help speed up the timelines. So that's something that was pretty significant that came out of the townhall meetings.    The thank-you campaign, I wish I could take credit for it, but my staff did.    Our air marshals get involved in a lot of things. I remember Congressman Walker from another hearing told me about his wife being a trauma--trauma nurse?    Mr. Allison. Our men and women are all over the place in a lot of airports around the world and around this country. They get involved in things. They help people in car accidents. You know, so a whole host of things like that.    The staff combs through the daily reports that come in and pick out issues, and they just send a thank-you letter. And it's from me, and it's to say, we're aware of this incident, you know, thank you. And I forgot the number of letters that went out, but it's quite a few.    Mr. Allison. Yes, ma'am.    So we have to take yearly physicals, and so the medical staff pretty much follows up on those issues that come from the physicals.    But, also, what's really impressive about the medical staff is there's 24/7 on-call medical support. So you can imagine, we go to some pretty nasty countries. And anytime, day or night, a Federal Air Marshal calls, there is a nurse that is available to them to provide advice and counsel.    Just to give you one example, you may have heard of the individual that was assaulted with the needle in Nigeria. Our doctor was on the phone with him in Nigeria at 11 o'clock at night, as I was in my PJs at my desk, walking through what happened, trying to figure out what's the best way to manage that incident.    So it's a fabulous resource. They do a tremendous job and are certainly an enabling factor to our success.    Mr. Allison. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Mr. Allison. Our Office of Inspection was running the initial investigation.    Mr. Allison. I'm not sure I understand your question.    Mr. Allison. So, in this particular instance, this was found by us, and then it became public.    Mr. Allison. Sure.    As you stated, Mr. Congressman, it comes down to individual accountability, right? That's what it comes to. So, as leaders, we have the opportunity to influence people, suggest and coach and mentor them that they will do the right thing. And the good news is the majority of our people do do the right thing.    I've had townhalls where I've had people--let me give you an example. I started the job on June 1, which was a Sunday. On Wednesday, I was in the Baltimore field office in 2014. I had a townhall. Probably 75 people in that room. In August, there was a gentleman who found himself in Des Moines, Iowa, on a DUI at 11:30 night and tried to make his flight the next day. He was in that townhall, sitting right there, taking notes for his squad. He's got to go. And he's gone.    And so you do your best to try to reach people, convince them to do the right thing. A lot of us do it because of a sense of duty and purpose and pride in the mission. Maybe some people are just here to collect a check. That's fine as long as they're doing the right thing. Welcome aboard. But you've got to do the right thing.    Mr. Allison. Sure.    So, Mr. Congressman, I was telling the chairman and the ranking member that, having been in Inspection, I saw where a lot of misconduct was associated with what I call ``Mr. Booze.'' And so what we wanted to do was give our employees, you know, an opportunity and let them know that if you have a problem--which is very difficult, as I have come to learn--come forth, and we're going to help you, recognizing that most people don't have a problem; they just, you know, had one too many.    So the idea was to provide an avenue, an educational forum, and everybody had to take it. So now I know either you have a problem--if you don't have a problem, that means you know better. Right? So that is the either/or scenario that that created.    A lot of positive reviews by the workforce. It's very gut-wrenching when you hear these two gentlemen--and I hope they're watching today. Very courageous for them to come forth and tell their story. And both of them almost died. I'm happy to share it with anybody who would like to see it, if you so desire.    So, after that was done, because the positions are designated as critical sensitive--national security critical sensitive positions, we are subjected to random drug and alcohol testing. And it's what we all know that government employees experience. You get called into the office on a particular day, and you have to submit to a urinalysis. So that is ongoing.    Because of some of the activity that I saw overseas when I was in Inspection, we actually developed an extension of that program based upon our authority where we actually trained, equipped, and certified TSA employees with the Office of Inspection to just pop up on international destinations at random. And basically they're greeting people, but if you look like you're drunk or smell like you're drunk, you're going to get tested. So it's reasonable suspicion. Not really popular with the workforce, obviously. But, as I talk to people and explain what we're trying to do, to try to get a handle on these incidents, they understand it.    So that's how we orchestrated this whole program, and that's how those processes work together.    Mr. Allison. You know, I wasn't looking for credit when we did it, but as I shared it with people, they do think it's a valuable tool. Because, at the end of the day, as government executives and public servants, as we're doing today, you will be called to ask, what are you doing about it? Right? But if we can help people, if one person comes forward, that's great. And we had a couple people come forward. But, as I've come to learn, it's very tough.    Mr. Allison. Sir, I can't discuss the number of Federal Air Marshals in public. I'd be glad to speak to you in private and go into great detail.    Mr. Allison. Well, pursuant to the Aviation Transportation Security Act that was passed back in 2002, after 9/11, we are responsible for detecting and deterring and defeating criminal acts, which means we are aviation security specialists on U.S.-flagged air carriers.    Mr. Allison. Their job is to be security, yes, aviation security.    Mr. Allison. The majority of the time of the air marshals, they're flying. They're actually on flights.    Mr. Allison. I don't know the number, but I would be confident telling you it wasn't that many.    Mr. Allison. Well, my response, Mr. Congressman, would be, we are responsible for providing security on these flights. I'm not so sure the metric of an arrest is a fair metric. I got it, it's an easy one to say, how many arrests have you made?    I would direct the fact that the Federal Air Marshal Service, in conjunction with the intelligence community, all those analysts, the analysts at the Terrorist Screening Center, everybody in Department of Homeland Security who's committed to securing our country and the transportation system and the fact that we haven't had another attempt like 9/11. We do know that there is an active threat against aviation to this country. There are a number of groups that still want to attack aviation.    So I understand when someone says, ``How many arrests have you made?'', or, ``How many terrorists have you stopped?'' I can meet with you in private. I think you would be very surprised with some data that I would show you. But I do understand the question and where it comes from. But I would have to be honest with you, I don't think that's a fair metric.    Mr. Allison. Drinking on duty is specifically--it's not allowed.    Mr. Allison. If you're--are you suggesting on duty?    Mr. Allison. No, I mean, we have a rule that there is no drinking 10 hours before a flight.    Mr. Allison. I'm sorry. I didn't understand your question.    Mr. Allison. Yes, so we have authority to fly only on U.S.-flagged carriers. There are some 26,000 flights per day. Obviously, we're not on all of those flights. But we also do foreign and domestic flights.    Mr. Allison. If it's a U.S. air carrier, which I don't know if there's one that goes from London to Rome, but if it's a U.S. air carrier, there could be an air marshal on the flight. So we do do some international-international flights, Tokyo to Thailand and Amsterdam, I think, and another location.    Mr. Allison. Yes, sir. We manage the VIPR program. I don't know if you've heard of that, the Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response. And so there was legislation and appropriation given to the Federal Air Marshal Service to provide a visible deterrent within the aviation and surface venues. And you may have seen that at Union Station on the recent holiday with the Secretary.    Mr. Allison. Sure, Mr. Congressman.    You know, leadership philosophy--I comport myself with the philosophy of: Mission first, people always. Right? Those aren't diametrically opposed.    And you're right, I think somewhere along the way--and, again, I've had some tremendous opportunities working for the government. I attended some wonderful leadership courses, and we all learn and grow as we progress through the Federal Government and you get more and more responsibility. So you are right, it is a learning exercise.    And specifically to your point, as you were talking, I wrote down something I had heard along the way, which is, ``It's better to be a charismatic leader that inspires performance than a tyrannical one that demands it.'' And that's where we want to be, because that's when you're going to get the most bang for your buck.    As I said to you guys last night, if we can inspire people, coach people, mentor people, instill the mission, we're going to be in a lot better place, rather than waiting and being that person that you described that says, you know, I gotcha. That does not work. We know that does not work, I know that does not work.    So we need to be in a place where every person in the organization has pride in the organization, some degree of pride--a lot, a little, some degree of pride. You're not just here to collect a check. And, you know, once we get to that place, that's the place we want to be. You're exactly right.    Mr. Allison. The morale in the organization?    Mr. Allison. The only way I have to gauge that, Mr. Congressman, is through the surveys that come out every year, and they're not good.    You know, we had one when I first took over that I headed. And I own it. I'm not making any excuses. I'm in charge, so that--you know, that was done before I got there, but I own it. It was very low.    So that is challenging, you know; how do get the morale up? You know, in some respects, morale is an individual decision. We all have an opportunity to come to work every day and decide how we're going to feel. My morale's high. I feel good when I come into work. I'm energized, I'm excited.    And I can create the environment for morale, right? I can do things that are fair, that are transparent. We can communicate with our employees. We can let them know that we support them.    So that is a challenge. And, you know, the Department, as you're well aware, has taken on this quite feverishly over the couple years, so, as senior leaders, we all are working on it.    Mr. Allison. I believe the same, as well.    Mr. Allison. June 1, 2014. It was a Sunday.    Mr. Allison. Something like that, sir.    Mr. Allison. Probably about 11 hours a day.    Mr. Allison. Sure. I actually went back immediately--we have an industry engagement organization. They're very aggressive. They have a lot of reach-back into the industry. And I proposed those series of questions to them the very next day, and I've actually went back to them a couple times.    So we haven't heard anything, which is good news. But, at the same time, we made it very clear, if you are aware of abuses, if you, you know, are knowledgeable of abuses, report it, and we'll look into it.    Mr. Allison. That is fair. But with respect to the context of the question that you asked, if members of the airline industry believe that there are abuses, they have complete autonomy and freedom to report those incidents to us.    Mr. Allison. Yes.    Mr. Allison. There are routine meetings between this industry engagement and the airlines. We actually run a liaison unit within the Federal Air Marshal Service that has constant dialogue with the airlines.    Mr. Allison. Sure. That's a fair observation, but I think an equally fair observation is to acknowledge the--every organization has misconduct. No organization is immune, no profession. You know, even the hallowed halls of which we sit here today has seen its share, on both sides of the aisle.    Mr. Allison. But I think what you're asking, what the committee is asking is a fair question: What are you doing about it?    I want--you know, the majority of the men and women behave themselves, and they're dedicated employees, and they do a great job. Now, if it got to the point where, you know, a huge percentage started involving themselves in this activity, I'd be spending more than 11 hours a day in the office. But that is not the case.    Mr. Allison. So it's not by season, it's not by quarter; it's daily. So myself and the executive staff at TSA, we sit in intel meetings every morning. And the intelligence professionals at TSA, they're reaching back to the intelligence community, and they're getting that data, and, you know, they're providing briefings.    And I would offer any member of this committee--and we've done it with other Members of Congress--to join us at that morning meeting.    Mr. Allison. I am confident that they will be shown the door. And that's what I'd like to see.    Mr. Allison. I would like to see them prosecuted, but the reality of the way the work is done and caseloads--and I'm not privy to say whether they can or not. It would be nice, but that's not reality, right? There's a lot of cases that don't get prosecuted.    Mr. Allison. I do not know, sir.    Mr. Allison. So I don't know if he was in the organization long enough to receive a retirement or any benefits. Obviously, as Federal employees, you accumulate tenure at different increments and you are entitled to something. But the fact of the matter is, you know, anybody can leave when they want to, right? So if you know you're under discipline and you say, ``I'm resigning,'' we can't stop people from resigning.    Now, if the facts and circumstances lead one to believe that--or we can get a prosecution, perhaps--as we know, unemployed people get prosecuted all the time. But we still will drive forward on our personnel security process, so, as a minimum, this person probably won't see Federal service anymore and maybe not even law enforcement, because they're going to come back and call us.    Mr. Allison. Well--so, the Chicago incident, all three individuals indefinitely suspended, one individual resigned. So one of the two people you're asking about is on indefinite suspension.    Mr. Allison. Indefinite suspension is--any type of suspension is without pay. A regular suspension is usually defined by a period of time--3 days, 7 days, 45 days, et cetera. Indefinite suspension has no time limit. So he will sit on indefinite suspension until the conclusion of this investigation.    Mr. Allison. Yes, we do.    Mr. Allison. Well, Mr. Chairman, I'm not sure. I can't speak for the Service or DEA. I can tell you unequivocally this is what we do. You know, we abide with strict guidance--or strict adherence to the personnel security guidelines, and we are lawfully exercising what's our authority to do.    Mr. Allison. I've--I've watched every one of them.