    Mr. Posey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Volz, in your opinion, how likely is GOES to meet its launch date of October of 2016?    Mr. Posey. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Powner, do you see that the same way?    Mr. Posey. Okay. Well, you partially answered my next question for Dr. Volz, and that is, what do you see as the biggest factors that could cost another launch delay?    Mr. Posey. Okay. Thank you.    What are some of the potential impacts of a delay of GOES-R launch? You know, will it increase the lifecycle cost?    Mr. Posey. Okay. What is the current estimated time during which GOES constellation will not have a backup satellite available?    Mr. Posey. And I was going to ask, has this ever happened in the past?    Mr. Posey. We had a hearing earlier and had testimony about the sunburst that crossed our orbit last year that we missed by about one week that would have virtually, some experts say, knocked out every single commercial satellite. How would that have affected yours?    Mr. Posey. Mr. Powner, do you want to comment?    Mr. Posey. Yeah, and I'm concerned about, you know, what we do to harden these, you know, how much they can be hardened, if there's any cost that's prohibitive in doing that. I just don't think that Congress quite frankly or the public communications industry has taken that serious enough. We had experts come in here and tell us basically it would change the world as we've known it. They say the impact would be in the trillions, and they talked multiple trillions because they wouldn't even dare attempt to quantify it. But we seem to be doing so little about hardening these for the solar eruption is what they called it or EMPs. They just dismiss that as well, before somebody'd use an EMP against us, there'd have to be bigger problems, which is not true, and so is there a plan that contains NOAA's ongoing strategies to mitigate a satellite data gap?    Mr. Posey. That's a great plan, but if we had an impact, the consequence of the one the scientists told us last year, it's very possible that there would not be an electronic grid to enable you to send up the replacement within a year.    Mr. Posey. Okay. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your indulgence. I yield back.