    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Woods, could you give us a little bit more explanation? You said, ``if the regulators would stop being adversarial,'' I think was your last statement. Could you give us a little bit more insight into that adversarial relationship?    Mr. Pearce. We have undertaken two rewrites of flood plains ourselves as an office, and it is much more difficult than it should be. You have the facts, they have the facts, but they refuse to rewrite it. So, I just want to get your insights on that.    If a builder knows that an area is not being described in the flood plain, is he allowed to go in and make the changes with his knowledge that it is actually on the flood plain, or does the agency stop him from doing that?    Mr. Pearce. Yes, this is the craziness that is called the U.S. Government today.    Mr. Heidrick, basically, it is my understanding that the insurance program, the Flood Insurance Program, was solvent up until maybe 10 years ago, just as whatever flood it was before Katrina, so it was about a billion in and a billion out. Then we had a several billion dollar problem, and then Katrina followed up with about a $13 billion problem, and so now we are underwater in the program. Is the program basically back to being solvent, about the same amount in, same amount out, except for these catastrophic events, or is it not even close to solvent these days?    Mr. Pearce. Yes. Mr. Ellis, do you know if anyone has done extensive studies on the fraud? I know that I was in New Orleans maybe a year or 2 years after the bailout and the money that was sent down there, and billions of dollars sent, and just story after story in the short time I was there about people collecting the money and never fixing the houses. Has anyone done an extensive study on that to determine the amount of fraud in these programs?    Mr. Pearce. Is it extensive?    Mr. Pearce. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Ellis, you mentioned here that 5.4 percent of the houses in the country have flood insurance. Have you broken that down also for the number of people in high-risk areas? Is that equally 5.4 percent?    Mr. Pearce. Would your guess be that it is a similar amount, that 5.4 percent in the high-risk areas have flood insurance, or do you think there are a little bit more?    Mr. Pearce. Mr. Heidrick, we get 9 inches of rain a year in New Mexico, in my district. Do we pay a higher insurance premium because of the events on the coastal areas?    Mr. Pearce. If I could interrupt, several years ago we were paying hundred-year flood rates. Now, we are up to thousand-year flood rates. Doesn't that stick us with a higher premium? People would be more apt to have to pay flood insurance when we define it as a thousand year to get into the program, isn't that correct? That definition has not changed.    Mr. Pearce. That doesn't gel with what banks and real estate people in New Mexico tell me. They tell me that previously they did not have to buy flood insurance, and after the great losses in Sandy and Katrina, they are having to buy flood insurance. And they said it is because of the redefinition of who has to buy flood insurance, who is required or encouraged to buy flood insurance. I will sort through that.    Ms. Templeton-Jones, are there areas that we absolutely should not rebuild in after they have been flooded and destroyed once or twice or 10 times, or should we have such a definition?    Mr. Pearce. Would you go so far as to say that when it is within people's capability, or when a city has been told that they should mitigate and they don't mitigate, that they won't be covered under the program? Is that too extreme, that you would be somewhat responsible for your own actions?    Mr. Pearce. I understand that, but there is no national tornado program. In other words, we don't have floods in New Mexico. We have tornados, and there is no national program to help us rebuild. We have forest fires that are created by whatever reasons, and there is no national program to help us rebuild from the forest fires. So where is the moral responsibility to people like us? We have to pay a higher program, and with all respect, Mr. Heidrick, I believe that we do pay higher rates. We pay rates because of people out there who suffer the problem, but they don't pay rates higher to help us suffer from our problems, so where is the moral component of that? If you would like to address that, or if you don't, it is okay, Ms. Templeton-Jones.    Mr. Pearce. We will leave the moral question hanging for another time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.