    Mr. Canavero. Thank you, Chairman Rokita, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Fudge, and Ranking Member Scott, members of the subcommittee for the opportunity to testify today, and for your work to approve the Every Student Succeeds Act.    This new law will allow Nevada to build on our existing education improvement efforts while at the same time setting high standards for student success.    On behalf of the many chiefs like myself who are using this opportunity present under the Every Student Succeeds Act to transition our conversations away from Federal mandate to State priorities and finding opportunities within the Federal law and Federal funding to support our priorities, again, thank you.    One of the most important aspects of the Every Student Succeeds Act is its focus on equity, as was mentioned here, its civil rights legacy. We must ensure all students have the opportunity to succeed and having access to the economic opportunities that a quality education provides, and that States, districts, and schools should be held accountable for clear and measurable results.    In Nevada, Governor Brian Sandoval and the legislature have taken a number of steps to promote equity and improve student achievement. In 2005 alone, including additional financial and program supports for English learners and for students living in a poorest zip codes in Nevada; support for effective literacy instruction to raise student achievement in reading; several new programs for consistently underperforming schools, including an Achievement School District, which allows the State to intervene in failing schools; a Social Worker in Schools Program; student access to technology and professional development for teachers to utilize that technology in the classroom; and addressing educator quality by providing PD and improving the educator pipeline throughout the State.    Each of these programs represents a substantial financial investment by the State to promote equity and achievement for our 460,000 students and schools. All told, Nevada's legislature invested roughly 340 million into additional funding into education in 2016 and 2017 alone. That is approximately a 10 percent increase in the State's education budget all going to students who need it most. And we intend to grow this investment on a biannual basis.    It was these investments and my Governor and State strong commitment to equity that lead me to testify here today about the Department of Education's proposed supplement not supplant regulations. I know my fellow chief State school officers share similar concerns.    The department's goals are laudable. It is clear underperforming schools need more funding to support their students' needs. However, imposing sweeping new Federal mandates on how school districts must spend their State and local funds in addition to the complicated way the proposed regulations approach equity and school funding could actually hurt State and local efforts to provide equity for all students.    Here is a few reasons why. First, the regulations look only at the amount spent in Title I schools versus non-Title I schools. While the total dollars spent is important, it is not the only measure of how we support students. These regulations do not take into account other equity measures, such as improved access to educational opportunities like advanced placement, magnet schools, career and technical education programs, the arts, or effective educators. By ignoring these measures, the proposed regulations could harm State and local efforts to promote these measures to benefit students.    In Nevada, our schools are providing these types of opportunities for all kids, and we seek to expand them. I fear the proposed regulations could result in significant restructuring of these opportunities to allow students to support a perverse incentive to lower the number of offerings to make sure we are in compliance with the proposed fiscal rules.    Second, districts will have to manage spending centrally to comply with the proposed regulations. This means that any decision that affects spending, which we know is virtually all decisions, will have to be vetted through the district finance office for compliance checks. This will affect everything from school hiring and purchasing to curriculum.    In my State, we are working to return these decisions to the local level, to those who understand students' individual needs best. In fact, our State just approved a plan, a bipartisan committee and the State board approved a plan for the reorganization of Clark County School District, our largest school district in Las Vegas, which shifts the major decisionmaking around capital, human, financial, operations, and academic planning from the central service of the district to each school site.    Third and finally, I am concerned about what the regulations do not say. For example, the rule does not define many important terms like what it means to distribute ``almost all'' of a district's money to schools, or what it means to have a ``high proportion'' of disadvantaged students in a non-Title I school to qualify for one of the exceptions.    Importantly, the rule does not address what State education agencies should do if there is noncompliance. While these seem like technical issues, they will have a significant impact on my State's investments in an effort to promote equitable opportunities for all kids.    I care deeply about equity. I am working closely with my Governor and my State legislature to promote greater equity and achievement for all kids in my State. We have made great strides to create a more equitable education system, and I urge the department to reconsider its proposed rule to interpret supplement not supplant in a way that is both consistent with the spirit of the Every Student Succeeds Act and promotes equity.    Thank you, sir, for the time.    Mr. Canavero. Chairman Rokita, I do not have anything to add. I will just say obviously we are supportive of the language that is the law. We believe that is a fair test for demonstrating compliance for Title I, and we applaud the changes in ESSA that allow a more schoolwide determination as opposed to the classic and historic compliance-based expenditure test that we have been working under so far.    Mr. Canavero. Correct, sir.    Mr. Canavero. Certainly, sir. The notion of providing these opportunities to all students is critical.    Mr. Canavero. Are you asking specifically what the district within Nevada or general?    Mr. Canavero. The only detailed knowledge I have is within my State, and generally speaking, they are all funded equally.    Mr. Canavero. That is correct, sir, and there are obviously some nuisances related to cost of teachers within those programs or as I mentioned in my testimony, the creation of choice based programs that are meant to break down historic enrollment patterns, related magnet schools in particular, signature academies, whatever you want to call them.    Mr. Canavero. Historically, the discussion has not been around effectiveness and pay, it has been around tenure and pay, the longer they have been in service. What we find in Nevada in particular is that under a significant shortage of teachers, those shortages, however, are not equally spread. We found that they are disproportionately spread with some hard to fill schools such as those with students in poverty and communities in poverty.    Mr. Canavero. It may be.    Mr. Canavero. Yes.    Mr. Canavero. Thank you for the opportunity to respond, Representative Clark. So that is obviously a legislative directive from the State legislature that is presently tied up in the courts. And so, to the extent that I can control the legislature, which I cannot, that is what it is.    I can tell you definitively that in a State with a Republican Governor and a Republican controlled legislature, in 2015 to raise taxes to fund education, acknowledging the need in our State, the undeniable need in our State to improve outcomes for students, given all that you have just suggested and more, fundamentally reflects, I think, the general commitment of our State and our leadership in our State to making things work, and to become, I think, at the end of the day the fastest improving State in this Nation.    We recognize the challenges before us and we placed major investments down to remediate those efforts.    There are a number of other . . .    Mr. Canavero. I think that is a question that the legislature and individual legislators could answer. It is not within the Department of Education, as you recognize. It is within the Treasurer. To the extent it is implemented, it is implemented, and obviously, I follow the State's laws.    Mr. Canavero. Certainly. Thank you, Representative Thompson. In my testimony, I did mention career and technical education, career and technical academies, magnet schools. These are not provisions within the exceptions that are currently listed within the regulations.    My concerns are as follows: they are expensive. Magnet school programs are expensive. Career and technical academies are expensive. Career and technical education is expensive, and rightfully so given the infrastructure that needs to be built out in order to provide students the opportunity for either real world experience in a career/tech-ed or skill based work, or whether it is in a magnet school specifically focused on law, for example, or culinary.    Magnet schools themselves, if my memory serves me correctly, began in the 1970s in response to there was a clear opportunity to increase or decrease segregation in our schools, and they provided an opportunity, open enrollment opportunity to students. Typically, they are theme based. An opportunity to enroll students outside of a traditional attendance boundary. That is indeed what we see across our State, is that there are-they have waiting lists. We could do and obviously fill more.    If we utilized the level funding test, in my testimony, my fear is that school districts will be incentivized to lower the offerings at magnet schools or career and technical education programming in order to equalize the funding across, even though those opportunities are made available to and many students participate in the magnet school and career/tech academies across our State from low-income.    Mr. Canavero. Representative Thompson, that is accurate, and that is the genesis really and the nature of my testimony. Again, reflecting absent additional dollars in the system, you would need to make decisions that may mean that you have to lower or reduce course offerings or reduce expansion of magnet programs or reduce career and technical academies or reduce career/tech ed in order to meet the fiscal test proposed.    Mr. Canavero. Certainly, Representative. So there are a few examples here, one that I pull from my interactions with other chiefs and with the CCSSO, the Council of Chief State School Officers, relates to levies or bonds that are specific to providing and raised by a district for a specific activity or tied to a specific program.    And, if in fact that bond issuance or that levy conflicts with the adjustment of resources that would be required under the regulations or otherwise directed differently, how the local system, how the local school district, would balance that tension between what the levy requires or what that bond commitment requires as acted on by the voters versus how to remain compliant with the Federal rules. So that would be one.    The other maybe specific to Nevada is related to--it is part of the ambiguity that we seek to get clear on, is related to State initiatives around investments in schools, and what that would translate to for a local education agency or a school district in identifying their weights in compliance with this particular provision.    So there would be some tension there specifically the laws, that is something we continue to review, as a chief in my State, we continue to review, but knowing again from a national discussion, there is some concern related to the ability for districts to both fulfill the obligations of a levy or a bond issuance and be compliant.    Mr. Canavero. My review of the regulations requires the LEA, the district, to be compliant. Obviously, there is a State role to be played here. You heard earlier the role that a State could play which is to create its own algorithm.    Mr. Canavero. Thank you, Representative Polis. I am not.    Mr. Canavero. Certainly, thank you, Representative Adams. So number one, I do not think it is disputable, and I would suggest that I think Nevada has taken great strides to ensure that schools receive additional funds, in particular, schools serving communities in poverty, English language learners, insomuch as the State has passed additional funding for gifted and talented pupils, as well as special education, or students in special education.    The challenge we have with the regulation or the issue I have with the regulation is trying to reconcile what it is suggesting and offering versus the path that the State is pursuing and the course that we have charted.    The issues related to what I find to be ambiguous language about ``almost all'' and others related to the special rule or the exemptions that may or may not apply.    In particular cases for me, when we look at funding English learners in non-Title I settings, which is as we work our way towards distributing the weight across more and more students as we invest as a State, what we find is that the English learners may be in concentrations of 30 percent at a non-Title I school, and it is unclear whether or not the additional expenses at that school within a district would have to come down if in fact the Title I school that does not receive the EL funding is not in locked step with that EL school.    So just recognizing the auditing of this process as was mentioned earlier, I am having a tough time figuring out how I would advise my districts related to auditable standard, related to the language that, for example, high proportion or most, I believe, versus the auditable standard that would be applied to the language in the law, which is very similar to the auditable standard that was created under the schoolwide allocation for Title I schools, which is something districts are comfortable with, States know. That seems a little bit more predictable than the potential auditable standard that is created or not created under the regulations.    Mr. Canavero. Thank you, Ranking Member Fudge. You know, I go back to some comments that Mr. Owens made in relation to the issue and the problem statement that is being attempted to solve here through this policy. I do not believe anybody or at least I do not disagree that additional funding is necessary and I think the track record in our State demonstrates that is something we support, and that all students absolutely fundamentally deserve an opportunity to succeed and claim those opportunities in the future.    What would be a reasonable standard, I think, is what you are asking.    Mr. Canavero. It is related to, I think, honing in, utilizing the data that are available, and I tried to find the dataset and I could not, I would love to find it if someone can send it to me, utilizing the dataset that is available to attack the problem.    If there is a problem of inequitable spending in 10 percent of the school districts, utilizing the very policy and enforcement action available to U.S. Ed to get after that--