    Mr. Frelinghuysen. Let me thank you all for taking on the commissioner assignments. I note that Miss Svinicki is a native of Michigan, but she spent some time in Idaho, so you probably know quite a lot about the Chairman which you probably should keep to yourself. But Mr. Ostendorff and Mr. Baran worked up here on the Hill. I think it is good, you know, to have you on the other side of the table, since, obviously, you have prepared members of Congress in your respective positions for such testimony. Yes, you want to get an Idaho comment in?    Mr. Frelinghuysen. I just assume you would not comment on your career, but let me say I know you commanded a submarine as well, so you have another part of our nuclear obligation that comes before this committee.    A lot of anxiety, obviously, out there, and I am within shouting distance of Chuck Schumer, so I will not get into that. About the relative safety of our nuclear facilities, there was a report. I have read it or at least seen a summation about cyberattacks. Could you comment about that report? It seemed to be pretty disturbing. I think it is, in general, open sources here. That there is a degree of vulnerability. You have had double the amount of incidents that other Federal facilities have been subject to, and what are you doing about it?    Mr. Frelinghuysen. Are there a number of contracts? The IG laid out some evidence that, perhaps, maybe some of these contracts might be scrapped.    Mr. Frelinghuysen. Let me just make a few comments and then I will stop.    Mr. Frelinghuysen. The report does not fault your staff at the National Security Operations Center, the SOC. They are meeting the requirements of the $262 million contract, which I guess expires next May of 2017. This is a quote, ``The problems are in the contract itself,'' said the report, ``which found that the terms require staff to do a little more than manage a few anti-virus, anti-malware, and anti-spam systems.'' Is that true? We can upgrade to something a little more proactive?    Mr. Frelinghuysen. Ok. Thank you. Mr. Chairman.