    Mr. Katz. Mr. Chairman, distinguished members, thank you so much for the invitation to speak to you today. I would like to address the Syrian aspect of this issue.    Unlike in Ukraine, where Moscow has openly declared that its motive for intervention and support for separatist forces is being undertaken to counter the West, Russian officials have characterized their support for the Assad regime in Syria as actually being in Western interests--even if Western governments do not quite seem to understand this--since it serves the common goal of combating the Islamic State.    Russian President Vladimir Putin recently described the Assad regime as an important ally in the fight against the Islamic State. ``It is evident,'' he stated recently, ``that without an active participation of the Syrian authorities and military, without participation of the Syrian army inside the territory, as the military say, in the fight against Islamic State, terrorists cannot be expelled from that country and from the region on the whole.''    Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the Assad regime as a crucial ally against Islamic State. He declared that, ``The Syrian President is the commander in chief of probably the most capable ground force fighting terrorism. To give up such an opportunity, ignore the capabilities of the Syrian army as a partner and ally in the fight against the Islamic State, means to sacrifice the entire region's security to some geopolitical moods and calculations.''    Now, while the West may not like Assad, Russian officials and commentators are saying his authoritarian regime is preferable to an even worse one that Islamic State would establish that would pose a real threat to Western, as well as Russian interests. Furthermore, Assad regime forces are needed in order to stop Islamic State from taking over more or even the rest of Syria. Western insistence that Assad must step down, then, is foolish since this would gravely weaken the forces fighting against Islamic State. The West, then, should work with Moscow and the Assad regime against the common threat and not against them.    This argument is based on the premise that the Assad regime is actively fighting against Islamic State. There have been numerous reports, though, that the Assad regime and the Islamic State have actually not been fighting with each other or not doing so very much. A widely quoted study by IHS Jane's Terrorism and Insurgency Center at the end of last year noted that the Assad regime's ``counterterrorism operations . . . skew heavily toward groups whose names aren't ISIS. Of 982 counterterrorism operations for the year, up through November 21, 2014, just 6 percent directly targeted ISIS.''    In February of this year, TIME magazine reported on a Sunni businessman with close ties to the Assad regime describing various forms of actual cooperation between the Assad regime and the Islamic State, including how the Assad regime buys oil from Islamic State-controlled oil facilities, how Syria's two main mobile phone operators provide service and send repair teams to IS-controlled areas, and how Damascus allows food shipment to the IS capital, Raqqa.    At the beginning of June 2015, U.S. Embassy Damascus accused the Syrian Government of providing air support to an advance by Islamic State militants against other opposition groups north of Aleppo.    In July, Turkish intelligence sources claimed that ``an agreement was made between the Assad regime and Islamic State to destroy the Free Syrian Army in the country's north.''    Now, why would the Assad regime not fight against the Islamic State and even cooperate with it? Both of them have an interest in weakening their common foes--other Syrian opposition groups being supported by Turkey, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and others.    Moscow and Damascus, of course, vehemently deny that the Assad regime and the Islamic State are not fighting each other and are even cooperating against their common foes. The numerous reports that this is what is happening, as well as the compelling nature of the ``enemy of my enemy is my friend'' logic at work here, though, point to their credibility. And if these reports are true, then certain implications follow.    If Assad and the Islamic State are not really fighting each other, but the Assad regime is losing ground, then its weakening is due primarily to the non-Islamic State forces backed by Turkey and the Gulf Arabs.    Russian military support to the Assad regime is likely to be used primarily against those forces that are most threatening to Damascus--i.e., the Free Syrian Army, the al-Nusrah Front, and all of the others--and not against the Islamic State, which is less threatening to it.    Russian calls for the West to work with Moscow and Damascus in the fight against the Islamic State, then, are really intended to elicit Western acquiescence to increased Russian support for Assad regime efforts to combat its more threatening non-Islamic State opponents as well as to divide Western governments that fear the Islamic State more than the Assad regime, on the one hand, from Turkey and the Gulf Arab states, which are more focused on supporting the downfall of the Assad regime through supporting its non-Islamic State opponents on the other.    What all this suggests is that the recent increase in Russian military involvement in Syria is motivated much less by a desire to combat the Islamic State than by the desire to protect the Assad regime against its more active non-Islamic State opponents as well as to blunt the actions of Western and Middle Eastern actors aimed at supporting them.    Thank you.    Mr. Katz. I think that Assad, obviously, he is opposed to the jihadists, and they are opposed to him. I just think that the way in which they look at the question is one of, you know, a highly Machiavellian manner, and that is that, who is threatening Assad most now? It is not ISIS so much. It is these other opponents. And who threatens ISIS in many respects? In other words, it is a competition among the other Syrian opposition movements, so that they have a common interest at present that both would like to see the other opposition movements weakened. Now, that doesn't mean that they are going to be friends later on--in other words, they are preparing for the day that they will probably turn on each other--but at the moment, it seems that they are not so interested in fighting each other, that they both prefer to weaken the----    Mr. Katz. Well, obviously, it is many, many groups, in other words. It is not even as complicated as a three-cornered conflict. In other words, there are loads of actors involved here. But what it does seem is that at the moment, it is the opposition groups that are not ISIS that are most threatening to Assad; therefore, it is not surprising that Assad is concentrating his efforts on these particular forces.    Mr. Katz. My memory of the report is that the moderates whom we supported defected to the al-Nusrah Front, which, of course, is hardly better, but it is not ISIS, that is for sure. But we are not a major actor in terms of, I think, external actors supporting the Syrian opposition. Obviously, it is the Saudis, the Turks, the Qataris, and others. And I think that they have their own agenda. I am not sure if it was ever possible to create this moderate third force. I don't think it necessarily was.    Mr. Katz. I am not positive which one it was actually who captured it. I just remember the very----    Mr. Katz. I would just like to refer to the U.S. Embassy Damascus statement from earlier in June indicating that the U.S. accused the Syrian Government of providing air support to an advance by Islamic State militants against opposition groups north of Aleppo.    In other words, that there seems to be sort of a--not an actual alliance, but sort of an alliance of convenience, in many respects, between Assad and ISIS. If he has to give anything up, he would rather see it go to ISIS at present than his other opponents in order to bolster the argument that----    Mr. Katz. If it was an ISIL attack.    Mr. Katz. Okay. Then that makes sense, yes.    Mr. Katz. Of course, it is a radical Islamic group.    Mr. Katz. Uh-huh.    Mr. Katz. Well, if the focus is on ISIS per se, I think one thing that we know is that they are more radical even than al-Nusrah. In other words, there has been competition between the al-Nusrah Front and ISIS. I am not saying that it is better that al-Nusrah Front has made these advances, but what I think is that what we are seeing is that, as the Assad regime weakens, then eventually we are going to see a conflict between al-Nusrah and ISIS. In other words, they are not going to kiss and make up because they are both radicals.    Mr. Katz. That there is going to be a conflict between them.    Mr. Katz. Okay. Yes. I think that in today's Washington Post, we have seen reports in which the Russians have claimed that they have made an attack on ISIS, but that opposition leader Hisham Marwah claimed that the Russian air strikes targeted civilians, not ISIS, killing 37 people in Homs. `` `The people of this area are opposed to ISIS,' said Marwah, vice president of the Syrian National Coalition, speaking by telephone from the U.S.'' His accounts, of course, couldn't be independently verified.    And so I think that this is the heart of the matter, that Putin claims he is there to fight ISIS, but what he is really there to do is to protect the Assad regime--protect the Assad regime against both the forces that oppose him most strongly, and this isn't ISIS. In other words, he is going to hit whoever is threatening Assad. He is not going to punctiliously avoid those forces that are not ISIS but which are threatening Assad. No. He wants to get rid of all the opposition to Assad.    Mr. Katz. Well, clearly, if, in fact, the U.S. has its own bombing campaign against ISIS--and, certainly, Russia has its bombing campaign too--then I think the main question is deconfliction. We want to make sure that the two air forces don't run into each other. And so this is a serious issue, it seems to me.    On the other hand, other than that, I am not sure that the Russian military presence can really be seen as a threat to the United States. You know, Russia has fewer troops in Syria than we now have in Iraq. And so it strikes me that with our presence in Iraq, we are not exactly able to defeat ISIS with that. I don't think that what Russian presence we have seen in Syria is going to enable Russia to defeat ISIS if, in fact, that is what it wants to do. I think that, at best, what they are there to do is to bolster the Assad regime.    I have to disagree with my colleague about who Russia is or is not willing to bomb. I think that Russia is there to help the Assad regime. The Assad regime has certain very urgent opponents, and therefore I think that if that is what is necessary to attack, then that is what they will attack. I don't think Russia wants to get deeply involved in Syria, and in that caseI think thatPutin may have bitten off a little more than he can chew.    I have heard certain people from the Pentagon indicate that the U.S. can live with a Russian naval facility on the coast of Syria. It doesn't really threaten us very much. SoI don't think that we are necessarily opposed to Russia having normal relations, even favored relations with Syria.    And I think that at the beginning of the Syrian conflict our thought was that, well,just as Moscow complained that after Assad Russia wouldn't have any influence in Iraq because the Iraqi Government would be pro-American, and what we have seen is increasing cooperation between Iraq and Russia. I think what we expected was that with the change of regime in Syria, which of course didn't happen, was that the new Syrian Government would eventually, after a certain pause, restore relations with Russia as well. But, of course, this is not what has happened.    Mr. Katz. Thank you.    Yes, I think in addition to what Dr. Aron had to say about the domestic political aspect of this and the link between Ukraine and Syria, I think there is also an important aspect in terms of relations with the West. In other words, the sanctions that the West has imposed on Russia as a result of actions in Ukraine are hurting the Russian economy, hurting it pretty badly. And I think that for Putin in particular, by making this argument that we can work together in Syria against ISIS, that this is a way sort of to restore relations with the West.    And to some extent I think we have seen it starting to work. President Francois Hollande actually came out and said maybe we should reduce the sanctions on Russia now that we have to deal with Syria together. Obviously, this is what he wants, although I did notice that most recently Francois Hollande indicated that what he wants to see is Russian actions against ISIS, not just words about it.    And of course Putin is taking advantage of the migration crisis. In other words, I think for a lot of Europeans in the European public, when it comes down to it, which is more important to them? Is it the migration crisis or what is happening in Ukraine? It is the migration crisis and if Putin is going to provide a way out of this, but the question is can he.    I would like to just also get back to an important point that Congressman Rohrabacher indicated, in other words, that in addition to the geopolitical competition between the U.S. and Russia, there is a basic philosophical difference about how to deal with Syria. The Russian argument is that Assad, as bad as he is, is less worse than ISIS, therefore we should support Assad. The Obama administration's argument is that ISIS is so awful that he has contributed to the rise of ISIS.    And the real trouble, I think, is that both might be right. In other words, that both arguments have a degree of validity. And what that implies is that, whether Assad goes or stays, ISIS is going to be a problem. And that is the situation, I think, that we are really stuck in, that we can argue about how to deal with the Syrian situation, but the real bottom line is that neither we nor the Russians really have an adequate response to this, that it has gotten out of hand, and whatever which way we go, it is going to remain a problem.    Mr. Katz. The rise of jihadism in Russia is obviously not in Moscow's interest and it is not in the interest of America and the West either. But this rise of jihadism in Russia just isn't occurring in a void. The real tragic situation is that Russia's Muslims are not treated very well by the Russian Government, by Russian society.    And I think part of the problem that we face in dealing with this issue is that we can't either force or convince Vladimir Putin to treat his Muslims nicely. And that, I think, is the heart of the problem: That the Muslim issue in Russia is not one that America is in a position to address. Only Moscow can do that, and at the moment it doesn't want to do so very effectively.