    Mr. Nutkis. Good afternoon, Chairman Hurd and Ranking Member Kelly. It is a pleasure to join the subcommittee this afternoon to share HITRUST's perspective on the cyber threats facing the health care industry.    While I prepared my written Statement for the record, I would like to share with you a few key points.    Health Information Trust Alliance was formed in 2007 with the singular mission to streamline the safeguarding of sensitive information systems and devices in use within the health care system.    Our perspective on the evolving cyber security threats facing the health care industry is formed based on our deep engagement with industry around information protection. That engagement includes data from over 10,000 security assessments done in 2014 alone, leveraging the HITRUST CSF.    The HITRUST CSF is a scalable prescriptive and certifiable risk-based framework developed for and with the health care industry, incorporating relevant NIST, ISAO, PCI and other standards, supports various Federal and State regulations like HIPPA and HP300 in Texas, incorporates best practices and lessons learned including analysis of breached data, incorporates 135 security controls and 14 privacy controls. It was first released in 2008 and is currently on Version 7.    It should also be noted that we identified security controls relevant to cyber threats prior to the release of the NIST cyber security framework which is now fully mapped into the HITRUST CSF.    It should also be noted that approximately 85 percent adoption by hospitals and health plans make it the most widely adopted in the industry.    Also influencing our perspective is the HITRUST Cyber Threat Intelligence and Incident Coordination Center, C3, which is the most active cyber center in health care established in 2012. It is a federally recognized ISAO or information sharing and analysis organization.    It supports threat intelligence sharing and incident coordination for the health care industry. It includes threat sharing with the Department of Health and Human Services and Homeland Security. It has four key components.    The Cyber Threat XChange, CTX, was created to accelerate the sharing, distribution and consumption of threat indicators. It has been noted that the CTX is a revamp of a process that failed, in this case providing indicators of compromise in electronic consumer format such as STIX, TAXII and proprietary SIEM formats, streamlining the process of making information more consumable. We make that available free of charge.    The second component is something called Health Care CyberVision which was created to enhance awareness of unknown threats, provide early warning or a more perspective view into the unknown cyber threat environment which provides situational awareness by testing the effectiveness of security defenses against emerging and unknown threats.    The third component is something we call CyberRx which is in its second year, which is a series of cyber preparedness and response exercises to simulate cyber attacks on health care organizations. We expanded that significantly this year to include a much larger part of the industry.    The fourth component is our cyber monthly threat briefings. Every month, HITRUST, in conjunction with the Department of Health and Human Services hosts a cyber threat briefing to help raise awareness and educate the industry relating to cyber threats.    Our familiarity in engaging with industry affords us certain insights into cyber preparedness, risk management and cyber risk indicators that have the potential to impact privacy, disrupt facility operations or cause direct harm to patients.    We have information protection maturity in organization with over 400,000 organizations ranging from Fortune 15 to solo practitioners. We have a wide range of information security sophistication which significantly complicates the detection sharing and response of any solution or approach. More needs to be done to ensure we are addressing the real needs of the market.    Many organizations do not understand the cyber threats and risks relevant to their organization and spend unnecessary and limited resources in tracking down things that are not relevant.    We need to look more at high tech, low touch approaches to automate more of the process and make it more actionable for a wider range of organizations.    As to specific motives, many health care organizations are a treasure trove for threat actors. They store or process IP, EII, DII, DHI, financial information, medical information and much of it fully linked together. This makes the industry a high value target.    The other panelists already mentioned threat actors. It is a wide range of actors from nations, States to hackers of opportunity.    A health plan was most recently a target of choice given the magnitude and breadth of information they possess. Hospitals face unique threats given their position of providing care directly to patients and their position of procuring and implementing medical devices and new technologies in their infrastructure.    I do not make these Statements lightly with the intention of causing undue harm. As I said before, health care is a high value and target rich environment. We have come a long way but still have a long journey ahead of us.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to answer the committee's questions.    Mr. Nutkis. Cyber threats specific to medical devices?    Mr. Nutkis. Absolutely. That has been an ongoing issue. We were the first to start tracking vulnerabilities associated with medical devices. We see them on two sides, the implantable and the non-implantable as well as the control systems that are associated or controlling the devices as well. It is an ongoing problem.    At this point, we do not track an exorbitant number of threats associated with them but there is no question we track vulnerabilities.    Mr. Nutkis. There have been demonstrations where, in fact, that has occurred. The circumstances are very specific. The answer is absolutely.    The likelihood based on all the circumstances that would have to occur, there is no question this is a concern, disruption of life. One of the things we do is look at risk assessments and the analysis. We escalate from the PII to the PHI to sensitive health information to other types of information, the disruption of the facility itself to disruption of care.    It goes beyond the device. You have electronic health records systems used for ordering. What if people start removing your drug allergies from your systems and you have contraindication.    I think these are all being worked on. We actually created a new working group specifically to look at better disclosure and how to move along this process.    Mr. Nutkis. That is a question we deal with all the time. We have a maturity problem. We have a resource problem. I think we have seen the two of them come together.    I think we have done a good job in moving the yardsticks with regard to industry's maturity. We have seen large organizations implement stronger security controls. I think it is important to note we do this on a risk basis, meaning that we assume health care data is never going to be as well protected as launch codes to a nuclear silo or payloads.    I think there is an expectation that there is always an amount of risk. Certainly we can do a much better job. We have tried to do this with education and bringing in tools. One of the things we are really transitioning from being a compliance-based industry, not a risk-based industry.    Our major focus, although we have known for many years that cyber was coming, we had regulations to comply with in regard to HIPPA privacy and people were spending more resources on those things because the data supported a privacy breach versus a security breach.    Where do you spend your resources? You look at the top ten list. You focus on privacy. I think we have seen this transition very quickly to security. I think now we are seeing organizations take it seriously.    It would certainly help, and we have looked for, a degree of safe harbor. You do the right things, you implement the right controls, you get management support to get the funding, and when you do that, if something happens, which will happen by the way in some cases, you did everything you could.    Right now, by the way, organizations look at Anthem, look at other organizations that did extremely well. They were able to detect it themselves, they communicated quickly and have done a number of things. They go, well if Anthem cannot protect themselves, we do not have a chance.    I think we are trying to let them know that is not the case. There is a lot that you can do. As a matter of fact, as those other organizations start to build stronger security measures, you are going to be a bigger target because you are all that is left.    Mr. Nutkis. I think there are two reasons. One certainly is the resources, no question about it. The other, I think to some degree, is we have a lot of organizations. We have at least 400,000 directly in the industry and some that are sole practitioners, two doc practices, so I think when you get below the first 50,000 in the industry, you are really talking about very resource challenged.    I think a lot of what we have tried to do is figure out how to move the maturity. Unfortunately, they are all interconnected. The small doc's practice still gets access to the same records that the health plan or hospital has. You end up with a big weak link problem. We have really tried to move that. We see it as a resource problem and also a priority problem.    Mr. Nutkis. Our recommendations are providing a degree of safe harbor, recognizing organizations that implement strong security controls, and get assessed against those controls to demonstrate, in fact, that they are doing everything they can.    The State of Texas is a good example. Texas has something called Secure Texas which if you comply with and get certified, you get a degree of liability protection if something happens. Organizations seem to be very receptive and see that as the right way to go get the funding they need.    We look at information sharing as a great approach. I think it important to note that to some degree--look at the Premera breach yesterday or even the Anthem breach--the information that is being shared is quite old. Those breaches occurred in a period of time previously.    Also, we are still trying to work with the vendor community. It is a $68 billion market of information security products. We would like to see them step up more as well. The small organizations do not have a chance in being able to affect the save way and the budgets are not the same. They are going to have to rely more on existing product.    Mr. Nutkis. We would be very supportive of things like safe harboring, giving organizations the ability to do the right things, understand what they are, and implement them.    We certainly are in favor of information sharing but again, if you do not have mature organizations, you end up with bad data being shared which really does not help anyone. We are hoping we get the controls in place. People can adopt those controls which force more mature organizations, more mature organizations can more effectively share.    I think we have seen a lot of large organizations in industry being willing to share. We have seen the new bill supporting that. We think that is moving along. We see liability protection with regard to safe harbors being the way to get the whole process started.    Once everyone starts getting more mature, there is better sharing, less risk and the whole model comes together.    Mr. Nutkis. I think we see it in two ways, assuming by the way that we protected it to begin with, in the first, but I think we found with the Chinese they are there so long and so stealthy that the damage is substantial. When they get in, you are seeing much larger breaches or we are not seeing them at all because they are getting in and out.    We are also seeing from Russia more financial. There is either some sort of extortion or financial. They are less methodical, so they leave a lot more trails.    Those two for us are the ones we see the most.    Mr. Nutkis. I think for us it is the format of the information. We would like more information that is more valuable, accurate information and we would like it in a format that we can get to the consumer quickly.    There is a lot of work involved and a lot of it is information. The analogy I use is Amazon online, Hulu Plus and Netflix. We are getting the same information over and over again. We really just want the stuff we want, so specify what is really important.    If you end up with too much information, people get distracted, so we need good information and we need it in a format that we can distribute quickly.