    Mr. Fontaine. Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and Chairman Bishop, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on BLM's draft Planning 2.0 rule. Nevada has the highest percentage of federally managed public lands of any state, approximately 85 percent, and five of our counties contain over 90 percent of public land. The Bureau of Land Management administers the majority of this public land, 47 million acres.    For good reason, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act requires engagement specifically with local partners in three ways: coordination, consistency review, and meaningful public involvement. Local communities are greatly impacted by the BLM's land use plans and management decisions, and vice versa. Without local partners, the BLM cannot effectively manage their land; and without local engagement from BLM, impacts on local partners cannot be adequately considered and mitigated.    As the Nevada BLM's 1997 vision statement says, the future of Nevada will, in large part, be shaped by the future of public land management.    Commissioner Jim French from Humboldt County, Nevada, testified before this subcommittee and noted three concerns with the draft rule: specifically, that BLM has not provided sufficient time for counties to fully digest and offer comment, that BLM has proposed changes that will diminish the statutory role of local governments and reduce requirements to ensure consistency with local policies, and that BLM seeks to implement a multi-state landscape level of analysis that could diminish the ability to meaningfully assess the local impacts of BLM management decisions.    We share these same concerns. Meaningful public involvement of local government has not occurred in this rulemaking process, and FLPMA distinguishes between the general public, state, and local governments, and also imposes a higher standard on the BLM for involving state and local government. Only a few of our counties have the resources necessary to employ a full-time natural resources coordinator of similar position dedicated to monitoring proposals from BLM, let alone assessing the impacts of sweeping Federal land management actions, like Planning 2.0, at the county level.    That is why meaningful public involvement of local government requires more than public notice and comment. That Nevada is shaped by the future of public land management remains true today, and that is why we have such a strong interest in Planning 2.0.    Nevada's counties perform important sovereign responsibilities and provide fundamental services, such as planning and zoning, public health and safety, and emergency response. They also have an important role in maintaining local economies. Nevada experienced an unprecedented economic distress during the great recession, but is again a growing state with a diversifying economy, including renewable energy and other sectors that rely on BLM land.    Counties need to effectively participate in BLM land use planning to promote continued prosperity while protecting public lands for future generations. Unfortunately, counties with the most public lands are also those with the least capacity to engage in BLM land use planning because of their limited staffing and resources. For this reason, proactive outreach from BLM to local government is a critical component of meaningful public involvement.    We are concerned that the BLM has proposed changes to current planning rules that will reduce local government's ability to ensure Federal consistency with local master plans and policies. FLPMA requires consistency review occur at four different stages of the planning process. First it mentions appraisal, then consideration, an attempt to resolve, and, finally, consistency with state and local plans.    Instead, proposed regulations say the BLM will determine whether the county provided officially approved and adopted land-use plans or raise specific inconsistencies with those plans. FLPMA does not limit consistency review to land use plans, nor require any plans to be officially approved or adopted.    Finally, Planning 2.0 proposes to implement a multi-state landscape level of analysis that could diminish the ability of BLM to meaningfully assess the local impacts of management decisions. Landscape-scale economic impact analysis are likely to dwarf local economic costs, which will greatly dilute the overall cost in the cost-benefit analysis, even where the cost to a local economy might never be recovered. This creates a bias and unjustly eliminates BLM's requirement to resolve possible economic impacts to local governments.    A landscape-scale approach that does not involve local officials would require state and local governments to spend more time and taxpayer dollars building relationships at higher levels, and local relationships that have been built over years of close collaboration would be de-emphasized.    On May 25, the Nevada Association of Counties (NACO) submitted to the BLM annotated comments and revisions which were carefully drafted with a coalition of local and state governments. Together, we have developed language that we believe helps to achieve BLM's stated goals in Planning 2.0 while addressing significant local government concerns, including preserving the elevated role expressly granted to state and local governments under FLPMA.    We continue to encourage BLM to adopt these comments. Thank you again for holding today's hearing. I look forward to answering questions from the committee.    Mr. Fontaine. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the question. I think that is the case for many of our counties. We have a number of small rural counties that, quite frankly, do not have staff. I think we have eight or nine counties in our state that do not even have a county manager. So, even if the BLM, for example, might submit an email indicating that there might be some plan that is being considered, including this planning initiative, it is one of many emails that they may get and they may not have the opportunity to review that and give some thoughtful comment on that plan.    We think that the better course would be for the BLM to reach out to those counties and to our association, as well.in Washington, DC. This, to me, is very problematic for several reasons.    Idaho's comments to BLM state that, ``Idaho and its agencies have worked hard and in good faith to develop robust, collaborative planning documents with their BLM offices, only to have BLM's national office in Washington, DC unilaterally change course at the last minute.''    Mr. Fontaine, have counties in Nevada had similar experiences to those that Idaho has had when planning documents go to BLM headquarters?    Mr. Fontaine. Thank you for the question. I cannot think of a specific example today, but, generally speaking, we have a good working relationship with our local BLM officials, and strive to come up with plans and agreements on how those should be implemented and administered. Once they do leave the state and go to Washington, DC, it is really, quite frankly, beyond our control; and the last thing that we want to have happen is for our county officials to have to go back and try to rectify something that may have been changed that was not agreed to at the county and state level.    Mr. Fontaine. Under this proposal, I believe that we still have a seat at the table. But again, I think our concern is that that seat and our voice might be part of a much larger group of stakeholders, and somehow backs away and diminishes the elevated role that county governments and local governments have in the process.    Mr. Fontaine. Congressman, thank you for the question. We are very concerned about how this might affect our local communities. We have a number of rural counties that contain small communities.    I will give you an example. Esmeralda County is one. It is a neighboring county to Clark County, our most populous county, with over 2 million people, completely different in terms of their interests and the impacts of BLM lands on their county. But Esmeralda County has 897 people. If somehow that county is included in a larger landscape-level planning initiative, we are very concerned about how the impacts to that local community in that county would be dwarfed by the larger economic analysis and impact analysis for landscape-level planning effort.    So, yes, we are very concerned. We have, again, a number of counties that would potentially be affected that way.    Mr. Fontaine. Again, thank you for the question, Congressman. Yes, we do. We have close relationships with our state office. We have district offices throughout our state, as well. And I know that, while there may be differences between counties and the BLM officials at the local level from time to time, we encourage our member counties, as does the BLM encourage, I believe, their staff and management across the state, to work closely together to try to address those issues at the local level. We think that is very important, those relationships are absolutely critical.    Mr. Fontaine. I certainly believe that opens the door to that possibility, very much so.    Mr. Fontaine. Chairman Bishop, thank you for the question. I don't understand how you can have a deciding official make a decision about a place where they don't have knowledge, haven't resided, haven't spent time with the community, or haven't worked with that community to understand what the needs are in that----    The Chairman. You have never seen the administrative state in action, then.    Ms. Clarke, let me come back to you on that. Do you have any concerns on how BLM will select these deciding officials under this new plan?