    Dr. Hager. Thank you and good morning. I would like to express my appreciation as well to Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member Johnson, and the other members of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology for this opportunity to present my perspectives on the NITRD Program.    As you are aware, by executive order the PCAST is charged with periodically reviewing the NITRD Program and has delivered reports previously in 2010 and 2013. To perform this most recent review, PCAST convened a working group consisting of seven experts from academia and industry. I co-chaired this group, together with Dr. Susan Graham, a PCAST member and professor emerita at the University of California Berkeley. I am pleased to be able to share with you a summary of some of the findings and recommendations of the report. My written testimony has a more complete overview of the report.    In the report, we note that when the High Performance Computing Act was introduced in 1991, much of computing research, particularly at the high end, focused on advances in computing systems themselves. As already noted in other opening remarks, today's picture is far broader. Computing empowers scientific inquiry, exploration, teaching and learning, and consumer buying and selling. Nearly every device, be it a car, a kitchen appliance, equipment on the manufacturing floor, or a child's toy is enhanced by information technology.    As already noted the National Bureau of Labor Statistics projects that more than half of all new jobs in STEM will be related to information technology.    These incredible advances in computing are reshaping the field of computing itself, creating an expanding research agenda that is increasingly driven by interactions among computing devices, people, and the physical world they inhabit, and which it is also increasingly important to many national priorities.    In preparing this most recent review, the PCAST NITRD working group consulted previous NITRD reviews, interviewed experts in a variety of areas, and ultimately chose eight key areas upon which to present findings and recommendations. Two national priorities, cybersecurity and health are highlighted. With respect to cybersecurity, the report calls out the need to support continued research on the development of secure systems, research on the management of imperfect systems and human fallibility, and mechanisms to translate new solutions into practice.    With respect to health, the report notes a growing community of technology researchers working in this space and highlights the need to empower this community through open interfaces, standards, and mechanisms for accelerating the deployment of solutions into practice.    The report highlights two areas: cyber human systems and privacy where there are strong cross-disciplinary ties with the social and behavioral sciences and with the policy community. Cyber human systems are computational systems that support communication and coordination of individuals, groups, and organizations.    As noted by Dr. Marzullo, advances in understanding of cyber human systems, will rely on fundamental research to understand the interplay of people and computing in coordination with mission-focused research and important societal needs such as education and health.    The report finds that privacy is increasingly threatened by the growth of online activity. Advances in privacy research will require deep collaboration among computer scientists, legal scholars, and behavioral and social scientists to inform both the design of computing systems and the drafting of policies and regulations.    Two areas where past investments are beginning to pay off for NITRD: IT-based interaction with the physical world and data-intensive computing. Recommendations for both of these areas call out the need for additional basic research but also highlight the need for coordination with mission agencies to advance applications of this work.    Finally, two areas in the technology base are reviewed. First, high-capability computing continues to be essential to our nation. The National Strategic Computing Initiative is an opportunity to implement a sustained program of long-term fundamental research on architectures, algorithms and software to ensure continued advances for both data-intensive and computing-intensive applications.    And last but most importantly, many of the advances we enjoy today grew from decades of foundational research. The report emphasizes that continued support for foundational research is essential to provide the basis for future innovations and disruptive advances in the use of IT.    Noting the anticipated growth in IT-related jobs, the report discusses the educational needs of the nation and recommends that the NITRD Subcommittee work in partnership with NSF and the Department of Education to develop educational and training opportunities in IT at all levels.    Finally, the report reviews the current organization of the NITRD Program and makes several recommendations to ensure the NITRD Program keeps pace with the continuing evolution of the computing field.    I will close by reiterating the findings our working committee affirmed that the NITRD Program continues to play an important role in guiding effective investments in computing research. I would like to again thank the Committee for this opportunity to discuss the findings of the NITRD working group, and I stand ready to help the Committee to advance its efforts in advancing computing research.    Dr. Hager. So I was thinking about, you know, the different perspectives on industry, academic, government interaction, and perhaps I can give you a couple of different views of that. So, as you know the IT industry is tremendously impetuous almost in its development of new technologies. And so the topics and the directions change quickly.    That being said, there's a tremendous interaction at the grassroots level among academic researchers and industry. And that's really through students moving back and forth with industry, as well as some collaborative projects with industry. You have to understand many companies do not have industrial research labs anymore in the IT industry, and so it really is very much a grassroots level interaction.    I will, however, highlight--picking up on Dr. Marzullo's response that several venues where we do bring together government, industry, and academic researchers. So I also chair the Computing Community Consortium. And in the--that consortium we hold visioning workshops where we talk about new topics in computing, and we always have representation from industry, government, and academic researchers. So there is a conversation and there is a connection even if it may not be immediately visible from the highest levels.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay.    Dr. Hager. So I guess I would echo Dr. Seidel's remarks. As we see the field evolving, we're seeing that data is playing a larger and larger role across many, many areas, and it's clearly going to continue along those lines. I would note that, you know, other nations--for example, Japan--has a much more advanced capability broadly in data-intensive computing and high-performance computing than the United States currently does. And clearly, they see a value in investing in that area.    So it is an important area. I agree the investments have to be weighed against the impact that they are making in these other areas, but they are the infrastructure upon which many, many areas build.    Dr. Hager. Thank you for the question.    So as I'm sure you know, we no longer nationally have the fastest supercomputer in the world. That happens to be in China right now. And as I said, there are other nations investing in greater computing capacity. So I think it is an important area for the field broadly to invest in not just because of what it enables in science but also what it enables in technology research. So many of the advances that we see in the broader computing field often start in the high-performance computing field and trickle down.    The other opportunity I'd like to highlight is that, as we develop more and more advanced machines, often the challenge is to actually achieve the highest possible performance on those machines. And there are some very interesting and very fundamental computing research problems simply to take advantage of the resources we have, as well as building greater resources.    Dr. Hager. Well, certainly, you know, resources are important. We can't succeed without applying substantial resources.    The technical issues involved in developing the next generation of computing, however, are really quite amazing when you start to think about, for example, what it would take to build a so-called exascale computing engine. There are fundamental physical limitations that we're running up against. There are architectural limitations that we run up against. It's not clear that the current technologies that we have--or in fact it is clear the current technologies we have simply won't scale. And so it's a matter of resources but resources applied broadly to achieve breakthroughs in several areas in order to advance computing to the next level.    Dr. Hager. Certainly, we have I think nationally the capability to go to that level, the people-resources capability to go to that level. I think it's a matter of investment, focus, and strategic planning to achieve that next set of performance levels.    Dr. Hager. So thank you for the question.    Certainly, in the past there have been issues related to the question of what goes into the program component areas, the PCAs, which are the budget categories by which one measures the investments in the NITRD Program. I think that part of those issues had to do with the fact that the PCAs historically were quite outdated, as I have already noted. They're over 20 years old. They in many cases no longer naturally fit the activities within the computing research field. And that's in fact why we spent a great deal of effort in our working group attempting to understand first how one would go about changing the PCAs and also suggested a process by which they could be continually renewed so that there is a natural mapping between the PCAs and areas of interest within computing research.    To give one simple example, we have the National Robotics Initiative but we don't have a natural way to measure investment in robotics. So where would robotics go in the existing PCAs?    Dr. Hager. So thank you for the question.    I think it's important to understand that NITRD represents an extremely broad collection of agencies, including NSF, which of course is the center of foundational research and computing and extending through mission agencies, including DARPA, NIST, Department of Education, and so forth.    So NITRD in many ways is really, I believe a convening ground where there is the opportunity to have exactly the discussions of the balance between basic research and more applied mission-focused research. And my understanding, through discussions with NITRD, is that there are a variety of conversations that take place among those agencies to achieve that balance.    I will say the remarks were also directed to the fact that as we were saying, computing research funding is sometimes challenging to come by, so one is, as a young faculty member, very tempted to focus on concrete and short-term problems simply because one can get funding from the broadest set of agencies in that case. And that is the sort of thing that will advance your career, to show those immediate results.    Dr. Hager. So one of the interesting evolutions in computing research that I alluded to earlier is that relatively few companies now have industrial research groups within them. So Microsoft is a perfect example of a company that still does have a research group, and it's possible to use that group as a buffer between short-term and long-term research.    I think at this point, because of where the industry is, it really is becoming more incumbent on academia, we're finding, to really have that ecosystem of both short-term and long-term research. I think we would welcome the opportunity to better support some of the shorter-term research through other mechanisms if they were available, but at this point we don't see those mechanisms. And so you're seeing the community really fill that gap that has been created by the lack of industrial research groups.    Dr. Hager. Well, thank you for the question.    So the current practice is to review every two years, and as you see, we did 2010, 2013, 2015, so we're almost managing every two years. I would say two years, I believe, is too often. It's very difficult to really perform a meaningful review just two years after the previous review happened. There's really not a lot of time to react.    Dr. Hager. So I would say in the three- to five-year time frame would be------    Dr. Hager. --a more meaningful time to do a NITRD review.    Dr. Hager. So I have to say that, personally, I have only heard positive responses from the individuals with whom I've interacted. And I'd like to compliment Dr. Marzullo. I know that he has already within his office been reacting to many of the recommendations and, you know, he may have additional comments in terms of how those changes have been filtering through the NITRD Program.    Dr. Hager. So let me just first just say on a personal level I understand completely how challenging it can be to advance teaching in the classroom. In my area, computer vision, there--I often come into a lecture and say ten years ago we didn't even know how to begin to solve this problem. We now consider it a solved problem. We're actually building on top of it. So the field really does evolve quite rapidly.    One of the challenges I'd really like to highlight that the stress that the education--computing education is under these days. In my department, the number of majors has between tripled and quadrupled over the last few years, which creates enormous challenges in the classroom. I think the notion of looking for opportunities to bring experiential learning into the classroom. And I would actually highlight I think this is a place where industry could play a strong role. If we had representatives from industry coming into the classroom and teaching, it would both address the capacity needs within our department, as well as providing, I think, a very sorely needed perspective on where the computing industry is today.    Chairwoman Comstock. That's a great idea, yes.