    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is always good to be with you, especially on a sunny day after a bad rain last night. Hopefully this is not indicative of today's hearing.    I want to thank the witnesses for taking the time to be here today.    First, I want to applaud the Chairman's focus on whether energy developers on Bureau of Land Management land are adhering to the polluter pays principle. This common-sense principle says that if you cause environmental harm, you are responsible for cleaning it up. It is one way to make sure that companies do not try to increase their profits by making the taxpayer cover the clean-up costs.    BLM adheres to this principle by requiring developers with projects on BLM land to post reclamation bonds. In other words, the developer has to set aside money to restore the site if the company cannot do it when it is time for them to leave.    There are a number of reasons a developer might not be able to pay the clean-up costs, but the best example is that the company has declared bankruptcy. I am finding that in some other projects in our own home state right now.    When that happens and there is no bond or other financial assurance, the taxpayer is stuck with the bill to clean up the pollution. The GAO report, that is at the center of today's hearing, identifies about $100 million in bonds for wind and solar projects on BLM lands, so this is a potentially serious issue.    The GAO looked at instances when renewable energy companies have left taxpayers on the hook for clean-up costs, and they found none. The GAO report found none. Not a single clean energy project was abandoned by its developer when they moved off the land.    The GAO report also finds that BLM could be doing a better job at managing reclamation bonds, and quite frankly, I agree. So does BLM. All five of GAO's recommendations will be addressed in a rulemaking that was issued last September, 2014. Quite frankly, I think there are bigger fish to fry here.    Since the Chairman and I appear to have found common ground in our concern for preserving the polluter pays principle and protecting the American taxpayer from polluters, I think it would be a good use of this subcommittee's time to look at the issue of self-bonding by the biggest coal companies and specifically focusing on the use of subsidiaries to create the appearance of financial strength.    Coal mining companies are able to avoid purchasing the kind of reclamation bonds required for projects like wind, solar, and oil and gas development by self-bonding if they can demonstrate that they are financially strong.    Coal companies that qualified for self-bonding in the past are now facing declining demand for coal and are suffering from disinvestment. This is drastically changing the landscape. In May 2015, the state of Wyoming notified a company that they no longer qualified for self-bonding. If a company is self-bonded but cannot cover reclamation costs, in reality who is going to pay the bill? The taxpayer, and that is the heart of this hearing.    A 2015 report by the Western Organization of Resource Councils and others found that self-bonding by coal companies creates a taxpayer exposure that is far greater than that posed by clean energy developments on BLM lands. There was an estimated $3.5 billion in outstanding coal self-bonds as of 2014, compared to $100 million in clean energy bonds on BLM lands.    The Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement is already investigating the issue. Mr. Chairman, I hope this subcommittee can build on this hearing today by focusing on what, as I discovered in my 2:00 a.m. reading, is an even bigger risk to the taxpayer.    I have respectfully handed you a letter to memorialize this request for the record so that we could begin a bipartisan investigation into this issue, and I hope that we can work together on it.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am going to try to get two lines of questioning here because I myself am confused by some of the last; but I want to get to what I think is the very important crux of the matter.    Obviously, the GAO report made some findings that disturb us all; we want to work together and corrective action is needed. So, Director Ellis, the Majority claims that BLM has not taking corrective action since these issues were reported by the Inspector General.    I do not think that is true. Is it not true that you have issued a rule? Can you talk about that?    When do you think it is going to be final, and when will things be such that this will be tightened?    Also, what are you doing in the meantime to tighten things internally before the rule is final?    Mrs. Dingell. So, can I just be clear for the record? It sounds to me like you were following very closely the recommendations that the external reviews have given you. You are taking the issues that need to be addressed in rulemaking and putting them in a rule.    That rule still has to be finalized. You are using the tools you have, like issuing internal policies and conducting staff training, to correct other issues. Is that accurate?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you.    Let's go to shredding. I am about as confused as anybody from what I just heard. Did I just hear that you shredded 80 percent of the bonds? Ms. Fennell?    Mrs. Dingell. But does it mean they were shredded?    Mrs. Dingell. So this is hearsay. Let me ask you another question. One type of bond that can be held is a check. Is that not correct?    Mrs. Dingell. And presumably copies are made of that check for any number of reasons, including information redundancy. Is that correct?    Mrs. Dingell. And, Mr. Ellis, you could help me answer. Both of you were participating in this discussion.    Those checks have personally identifiable information. Do you have protocols for protecting personally identifiable information that might include shredding copies of checks after they have been cashed or rendered unnecessary?    Mrs. Dingell. So is it in the universe of options that the bonds at issue in the secondhand account--hearsay--of possible bond shredding mentioned in the GAO report were copies of checks that were no longer necessary to keep on hand and that contained personally identifiable information?    One of you want to respond?    Mrs. Dingell. So you disagree that 80 percent of the bonds are missing or not accounted for?    Mrs. Dingell. Well, I would just hope--we have to be very clear--no hearsay or thirdhand information. GAO in its report said that they had investigated. I think it is very clear we have to tighten; but I do not want rumors to start off that are not true either, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. Would you be willing to yield one moment for a clarification?    I do think that the Inspector General, it is my hope and intent I've been told, has an ongoing investigation where all of the questions that you have asked should be answered; and that when there are IG investigations, management is asked not to become involved in the investigations, which would appear to be intimidating employees.    Is that also part of what we are dealing with right now, that the IG's office is doing this investigation?    Mrs. Dingell. Point of order, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Dingell. Mr. Chairman, can I respectfully say that we have an Inspector General's investigation going on. We are dealing in hearsay, period. I do not like anybody's reputation and integrity being done on hearsay.    I think the GAO study looked at it, and they could not find enough information. The Inspector General is. We are all very concerned about hearsay reports, but even when the GAO looked at it--badgering the witness today is not going to get us any further. I think we look forward to the Inspector General's study.    Mrs. Dingell. So, Mr. Chairman, I really wanted to get into some more substantive issues; but I really want to say, first of all, none of us wants to see things and we need to tighten the process. The GAO study is there, two different rulemakings. A second one I want talk about, too, on oil and gas.    But I want to be clear for the record. Is it not true that we keep original bond instruments because it is best for recordkeeping, but holding the original bond document does not impact the ability of the BLM to use the bonds if necessary. In order for that bond to be released back to the project component, the BLM still has to submit a request to the bond company asking for that to occur?    In the event that BLM does not have the original document, a duplicate can be made by that bonding company that serves as appropriate documentation for that bond. So while we are looking at processes that none of us approve of and we are getting cleaned up, is it not true that that could be how we now have the rest of those bonds accounted for?    Mrs. Dingell. But you can account for 80 percent of those documents if they were not found when somebody was initially looking at it. So that would account for the discrepancy between the 20 percent and the 80 percent, potentially.    Mrs. Dingell. You do not know how, but that would be one form.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you. That is all I want, a simple yes or no.    I do not want to have a war on anything, Mr. Chairman, but even the Pope has said that we have to worry about the environment. So I worry about all of this.    I want to put this in context though. In a report from 2010, the GAO calculated that we not only have proposed rulemaking on wind and solar, but there is one right now on oil and gas as well. The GAO calculated that over 20 years BLM has reclaimed 295 oil and gas wells at a cost of $3.8 million. That is about $13,000 per well.    That seems low to me since those numbers are probably higher now that fracking is so widespread, but I will go with it.    Mr. Ellis, do you know how many wells there are on public lands right now?    Mrs. Dingell. OK. So 95,000 wells at $13,000 per well comes to about $1.2 billion in well reclamation cost BLM could have to cover if the bonds are not enough to cover them. So does BLM hold $1.2 billion bonds from the oil and gas industry?    Mrs. Dingell. So are you saying that the potential cost of reclaiming these wells is at least $1 billion more than what you actually hold from oil and gas companies? And why?    Mrs. Dingell. I think in my 2:00 a.m. reading I heard that called performance bonding. Is that correct?    Do you allow performance bonding for renewable energy companies?    Mrs. Dingell. But do you right now? Under existing law, do you?    Mrs. Dingell. Is it not true that you require bonds for the full calculated cost of liabilities to the United States?    Mrs. Dingell. So, BLM gives exceptional leniency to oil and gas companies compared to renewable energy companies; and BLM requires performance bonding for oil and gas projects, but not for renewable energy projects.    It sounds as though BLM is tough on renewable energy developers. In fact, I think it sounded even tougher. Since my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are interested in this underbonding, I trust that they will support BLM's advanced notice of proposed rulemaking of April 2015 that tries to correct oil and gas underbonding.    A statement on the Majority's Web site indicates opposition to that, which I cannot understand given your interest in the renewables.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You can have my 7 seconds back. Thank you.