    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Let me start with Mr. Gruenberg. The banking regulator just concluded that total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) for global systemically important banks would require banks to hold a certain amount of capital, but also requires them to issue a certain amount of unsecured debt that could be converted to capital in case of the bank's failure.    However, some observers, including I believe your Vice Chair, are concerned that the proposals call for banks to take on more debt at a time that the Fed is getting ready to raise interest rates. And he says that this is a risky and dangerous proposition. Is his concern legitimate?    Mr. Meeks. Thank you. Let me jump to someone whom I am used to seeing sit up here. It is still funny to see him sit down there. That is the Honorable Mel Watt.    In recent weeks, the debate over what to do about the mortgage giants, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, has shifted from wholesale replacement to genuine reform, as replacing Fannie and Freddie as the political environment seems more unlikely. It seems like just replacing them is completely unlikely.    We all want more private capital in housing finance. But my question is, do you believe there is enough private capital to fulfill the role the GSEs play without raising mortgage rates substantially? And what are the challenges and lessons you are experiencing as you get more involved in the risk-sharing mechanisms?    Mr. Meeks. Thank you. I have a few seconds left, but I have one other question. I would have loved to have gone back. Let me just quickly direct this question to Comptroller Curry.    Amid regulations and supervision, the good news is that we are starting to see banks taking bolder steps to reduce risk and exit out of certain risky activities. On the other hand, I see that this raises concerns, because some of the activities are just shifting to less-regulated shadow banking entities. And banks are getting out of certain communities, and in certain countries.    Are we denying services to millions of lower-income Americans, not because the risk is too high, but simply because the profit margins are not as high or are too low?