    Mr. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary, how many Russian soldiers are in Ukraine today?    Ambassador Nuland. Congressman, I am not in a position to give you a definitive number in this unclassified setting. You have seen Ben Hodges make a calculation from U.S. Army Europe. I would say it is in the thousands and thousands. I am sorry.    Let me also, just while I have you here, say that what we can say in this unclassified setting is that since December, Russia has transferred hundreds of pieces of military equipment including tanks, armored vehicles, rocket systems, heavy artillery. The Russian military has its own robust command structure in eastern Ukraine ranging from general officers to junior officers. As the President said not too long ago, they are funding this war. They are fueling it. They are commanding and controlling it.    Mr. Higgins. In practical terms does that constitute an invasion?    Ambassador Nuland. We have made clear that Russia is responsible for fueling this war in eastern Ukraine.    Mr. Higgins. Yes or no, constitutes an invasion.    Ambassador Nuland. We have used that word in the past, yes.    Mr. Higgins. If Ukraine was a member of NATO, under the collective defense posture of Article 5 what would the consequence of Russia's invasion of Ukraine be?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, Article 5 would give all of the 28 allies a responsibility to defend Ukraine from aggression. Just to make clear that even in 2008 when Ukraine was discussing with NATO an improvement in its relationship, at that stage we were only at the Membership Action Plan which is the preparatory phase.    Mr. Higgins. Is it in reality Putin's concern about America encroachment and NATO encroachment on what was formerly the Soviet Union?    Ambassador Nuland. I can't speak to what is in President Putin's head. That is a place that I don't think I can go. But what I can say is that there is no justification for being concerned about countries peacefully associating with a defensive alliance. We have said for 25 years that NATO is not a threat to a Russia that does not threaten us.    Mr. Higgins. Russia's defense spending has tripled since 2007. Today it is involved in about a $300-billion program to modernize its weapons. New types of missiles, bombers and submarines are being readied for deployment over the next 5 years. Spending on defense and security this year will increase by 30 percent in Russia representing one third of its Federal budget. Putin has said very clearly that nobody should try to shove Russia around when it has one of the world's biggest nuclear arsenals. At last count, Russia had 8,000 nuclear weapons. He has threatened to use nuclear weapons on a limited basis, if that is possible, to force opponents, specifically the United States and NATO, to withdraw from a conflict in which Russia has a stake such as in Georgia and Ukraine. That is pretty ominous. That is a pretty ominous statement. Your thoughts?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, we obviously have great concerns about the massive increases in Russian defense budgeting over the recent years. It is particularly concerning given what is happening to the Russian economy and to the Russian people. As I said before, inflation across the country is now running 15, 17 percent. Food prices rampantly increasing including 40 percent in some areas. Credit at zero. The inability of Russians now to travel and to buy new apartments because they can't get loans, et cetera. And at the same time he is pouring money into the military. So this is a Kremlin that is prioritizing foreign adventures over the needs of its own people and that is worrying.    Mr. Higgins. Okay. I yield back. Thank you.