    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to say in response to Mr. Rush's comments, I look forward to working with him and Mr. Pallone, and all of our members on both sides of the aisle, to do this right. And appreciate those kind words.    We are delighted to welcome back Secretary Moniz to the committee to discuss the first installment of the Quadrennial Energy Review that focused on energy transport and infrastructure; something we need to do. America's energy picture is rapidly changing, and our laws and regulations need to change with it. Longstanding concerns about declining domestic energy output have been erased by rapidly rising oil and natural gas production. 2013 alone, according to the QER, the U.S. added 1.2 million barrels per day of production, a record increase by one country in 1 year. Domestic production of natural gas and related liquids has experienced equally dramatic increases. 2014, the U.S. became the world's number 1 energy-producing nation, and it is time we start acting like it.    Unfortunately, the scarcity mindset is still embedded in our national energy policy. Rising energy production requires more energy infrastructure; what I have called the architecture of abundance. Both the energy legislation and the QER include a number of ideas for upgrading and expanding the Nation's energy infrastructure. And in light of the recent pipeline spill in California, I would add that both aim to ensure that this new infrastructure is built with state-of-the-art technologies that reduce the environmental and safety risks. But our energy abundance can be more than just an economic success story; it can be--it, indeed, can be a foreign policy success story as well. And that is why recently released discussion draft of our energy diplomacy title is so important.    This--the discussion draft builds on the extensive work done by this subcommittee on LNG exports. At numerous hearings over the last couple of years, we heard from many of our allies around the globe who said they would rather get their natural gas from us than the likes of Russia or Iran. That message was underscored last month when I led a high-level delegation to several of our European allies, including Ukraine, and we came away with a profound new understanding of just how vital these partnerships can be. In established parts of the EU, leaders are coming together to promote a unified energy market because of its potential for security, affordability, and innovation. In Ukraine, where the commitment to freedom and democracy is hard-fought each and every day, their energy aspirations are fundamental to their dreams for a peaceful future.    While our discussion draft encourages North American energy cooperation and cross-border infrastructure, opportunities for energy diplomacy extend well beyond our own continent. For example, there is broad recognition that U.S. LNG exports will benefit the U.S. economy, our consumers, and yes, our allies. While the same could be said for oil exports, a statutory ban has prevented us from pursuing these benefits for the last 4 decades. And it is time that Congress considers revising the ban on crude oil exports.    As with natural gas, America now has enough oil production to make increased exports feasible, especially the lighter grades of crude that the QER notes have experienced the most rapid supply increases. Economic and foreign policy experts across the political spectrum believe that expanding the markets for American oil would be a net jobs creator at home, while enhancing our geopolitical influence abroad. And at the same time, reports from the GAO, CBO, and Energy Information Administration all point to reductions in the price of gas as a result of increased oil exports. In other words, oil exports can be a win for the American people and a win for our allies.    The energy sector has been the Nation's most significant job creator in recent years, but with the drop in oil prices, as many as 100,000 energy industry positions have been lost. The case for creating more jobs by expanding the market for American oil is a key reason why oil exports should be on this committee's agenda this year. And while we are not currently considering any such provisions in this pending legislation, I do look forward to working with my good friend, Mr. Barton, and others on both sides of the aisle to ensure that we get the policy right.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Upton. Thanks again, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, in my opening I reaffirmed the desire of this committee to work with you and the Administration to find areas of mutual agreement on some QER legislative recommendations, and we look forward to that, and receiving technical assistance on some of the other sections of the bill as well.    One of the areas that I wanted to zero-in on is SPRO this morning. As I note in your response to the committee yesterday, the SPRO was established in 1975 and it is the largest government petroleum reserve in the world. It has been used successfully on multiple occasions to respond to different types of energy supply disruptions. But it is now 2015 and global and domestic oil markets have changed significantly, we would all recognize that, and SPRO needs to be modernized.    So as you know, the committee recently voted a--to drawn down a limited amount of SPRO oil to pay for our 21st Century Cures package beginning in 2018. And as you conduct the ongoing study to recommend the new size and role of SPRO going forward, would you support an additional change that would allow the President to draw down and sell surplus SPRO crude oil in order to use the funds to pay for operations and maintenance in line with the DOE budget request and potential modernization plans? In other words, using what we call mandatory savings to provide for the modernization and need improvements that really have to take place in the next number of years. And I would imagine that would be a pretty small draw down.    Mr. Upton. So as you know, the QER recommends more flexibility and anticipatory authority to initiate a SPRO drawdown. Do you envision a greater role for SPRO to moderate global prices?    Mr. Upton. So I would note, as the QER discusses, the last time SPRO had a major release in reaction to Libya was back in 2011. Seems like yesterday, but it was 2011. Since then, the supply situation has greatly changed for sure, as demonstrated in the test sale this last year. If there is an interruption somewhere in the world that doesn't impact the supply to U.S. refiners, would it make any sense at all to export SPRO crude?    Mr. Upton. My time has expired. Thank you very much for your appearance again today.