    Mr. Cohen. Chairman Issa, Ranking Member Johnson, Members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss competition law in China from the perspective of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. It's an honor to appear before you today.    USPTO is engaged with China on all IP issues, including those that involve antitrust and licensing. Last year, Under Secretary Lee met with Chinese Vice Premier Wang Yang, and just last week, I accompanied Deputy Under Secretary Slifer to Beijing to advance talks on critical IP issues. Along with the United States Trade Representative, Under Secretary Lee also cochairs the IP Working Group of the Joint Commission on Commerce and Trade, or JCCT, to engage bilaterally on improvements to China's IP regime.    Over the years, the JCCT and related dialogues have included several commitments on IP, including on standards, licensing, legitimate sales of IP-intensive goods, and judicial reform. The USPTO's China team consists of 21 people, including experienced IP attaches in three Chinese cities. We have signed agreements to support cooperative activities in IP with several Chinese agencies. We also frequently meet with industry to exchange views, educate them, and share their concerns.    In our experience, the current environment for IP and antitrust in China has three pronounced characteristics. These are: one, strong antitrust enforcement is counterposed against weak IP protection; two, there's little foreign use of the IP enforcement system while there is considerable foreign concern about being targeted for competition law violations; and, three, industrial policy in China makes it difficult to legitimately license technology to third parties.    Regarding the first item, China's weak enforcement system, Chinese IP damages are too low weakening fundamental protections IP right holders need. IP holders who run afoul of Chinese AML authorities often do not believe that their legitimate rights have been protected. In summary, China is pursuing IP abuse without first having adequately secured IP use.    As an example of this unbalanced environment, the antitrust fine imposed against Qualcomm for 975 million U.S. Dollars is thousands of times more than the average damages in a patent litigation in China. Second, surveys and press reports suggest that many foreign companies feel targeted. While Chinese antitrust authorities have taken pains to show that they are enforcing their laws evenhandedly, this sense of feeling targeted is coupled with little affirmative use of China's IP system as well as concerns over due process and a sense that foreigners' rights are not being adequately protected.    As for the third item, industrial policy, I share the concerns of many here. Much of the problem with commercialization of technology today in China is due to an overinterventionist Chinese economy. Notwithstanding the international consensus that IP is a ``private right,'' China's state planners have created a wealth of interventions in IP creation and licensing from which it is reasonable to assume antitrust policy is not excluded.    These three serious problems highlight the challenges our companies face: Weak IP protection, targeting, and industrial policy. The Administration has pushed back on the more onerous aspects of these policies. USPTO is also taking the lead on highlighting challenges involved in licensing IP to China, including negotiating with our Chinese counterparts, training programs, and research.    In summary, the Administration strongly supports China's efforts to develop an antitrust regime consistent with the practices of other market economy countries. However, there are many aspects of China's economy that may not be fully market driven in the context of both IP and IP-related antitrust.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Cohen. Maybe I'll take a first shot at that. Obviously, you know, USTR is the lead on negotiating----    Mr. Cohen . The TPP. In our bilateral discussions, China has expressed an interest in the TPP, although I think its primary focus is on its own internal demands and needs. And I think in that area we do see a heightened level of technical interest and engagement on intellectual property, primarily because China wants to become an innovative economy.    Mr. Cohen. And that's really shaping its engagement globally.    Mr. Cohen. I think the good news is China is interested in innovating, and the bad news is China is interested in innovating. The good news is that hopefully it will help foreign rights holders of foreign companies if they can compete equally and fairly. And in some areas, China is achieving some measure of success. High-speed rail, for example.    Mr. Cohen. Some of the research in the life sciences, and we've seen a lot of activity in patenting. But there is concern that in the process of seeking to become an innovative economy, the field won't be balanced or fair and that foreign entry could be restricted.    Mr. Cohen. Well, there have been longstanding concerns about market access for payment processing and for encryption and security standards that have been raised for a good 10 or 15 years, and we've been raising them bilaterally as potentially discriminatory treatment of U.S. companies and U.S. rights holders, and in some cases, demanding forced transfer of technology with some successes to date.    I'm not familiar with the latest rules. My office has mostly been concerned about forced transfers of intellectual property or adopting standards that primarily rely on China's indigenous innovation and would thereby discriminate U.S. innovation and U.S. technology.    Mr. Cohen. So if I may, Congressman, the problem with counterfeit and shoddy substandard goods emanating from China is well known. Chinese exports are accountable for about 80 percent, if I remember correctly, of U.S. seizures of infringing goods. There's a lot of litigation both within China and outside of China due to China's manufacturing and sales of counterfeit and substandard goods.    Under the JCCT rubric, there is a commitment by the Chinese to work on reducing the incidence of these goods. We've been trying to work with platforms such as Alibaba, JD.com, and others to address this problem. The first recourse is, of course, voluntary steps taken by legitimate platforms to take down the goods, to respond to complaints, and to respond to the complaints not only of consumers but of rights holders who observe the counterfeit goods.    There's a huge magnitude to this problem in terms of the growth of the platforms, the sales coming from overseas, the facility and ease with which the goods can be distributed, including by small parcels, which are hard to detect. And it's really an issue that skips many different agencies within U.S. Government and the Chinese Government, including our own Customs and Border Protection, our FBI, State and local enforcement, the USPTO, U.S Trade Representative, Federal Trade Commission. So it requires a lot of coordinated effort, including working with our rights holders and consumers to address the problem. But it's going to take time and considerable effort.    Mr. Cohen. As long as it offends a WTO requirement, that's correct.    Mr. Cohen. Again, the lead agency here is USTR, which is not represented. The WTO disciplines on antitrust are rather limited. There are certain provisions in the TRIPS Agreement regarding----    Mr. Cohen. Perhaps if there are external influences that are inconsistent with the WTO requirements, such as national treatment or most favored Nations treatment in investment or market access, and those could be cognizable carried issues.    Mr. Cohen. Yes. They are somewhere between weak and abhorrent. Some areas they're improving, but the track record is pretty bad.    Mr. Cohen. I think that's a fair assessment. In fact, in innovation we see state-driven innovation and private sector innovation. The type that Professor Horton has mentioned is another example of that, one coming from the top down and one from the bottom up.    Mr. Cohen. There is--I mean, China is not a unified state, it's not a Federal system, but, you know, there is such a saying that the emperor is far and that in the provinces there's a little bit less control. But people still roughly follow national guidelines and the structural weaknesses such as the intervention of the party is pervasive. The courts are no more or less independent than any part of China because the party is still very active there serving its interests.    Mr. Cohen. The legal community has been under a lot of attack in China. They have educated a lot more lawyers, but many of the human rights lawyers have been thrown in jail, many of the outspoken lawyers have suffered repercussions. But at the same time the courts are proceeding well in a technical sense. So you have a very interesting moment in time where the courts are under pressure, yet at the same time, technically, they're improving their expertise in a range of areas.    Mr. Cohen. I think that's no longer the case.    Mr. Cohen. It used to be the case that the judges were all former military officials. They since have had to take an exam and they've gotten legal training and in many cases they not only have basic law degrees but graduate----    Mr. Cohen. Yes.    Mr. Cohen. That standard was to have a rules-based trading system, a transparency, independent courts, at least that, I think, were the aspirations. That is still very much a work in progress.