    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Chairman Rokita. Thank you for this informative hearing today, and thank you to the panel for your testimony and your time, really appreciated it.    I know a number of the members of this committee were State legislators, I have heard them indicate that, and I think we have all seen the heavy hand of the Federal Government as a State legislator. Many times these programs were forced down upon State legislatures, they call them ``incentives,'' but they are in the form of a mandate, many case, an unfunded mandate.    As a State legislator, I knew how very damaging they were to what we were trying to do on behalf of our local school districts. I am also a parent, so I have three children in public schools today, and I am very concerned about the state of our public schools, and that is why I was very proud of what we did with the ESEA, which was a direct attempt at making sure we ended these failed top down policies, and we reduced the Federal rule, and really restored local control to K-12 education, which was a bipartisan effort.    It was the intent of Congress. I thought the law was clear and unambiguous. We made every effort to try to drill down and polish to ensure that there would be no questions as to interpretation, but of course, now we are seeing that.    We had the director in several times expressing our concerns about implementation. And now we are faced with an implementation question. I am sure this is going to continue as time goes on.    I have a question and I guess I do not know who to ask it to, and please feel free to weigh in if you would like to, but I would like to begin with Dr. Gordon, because I noticed in your bio you focus on fiscal federalism and American educational policy and the current historical Federal role in elementary and secondary education, which I think is specific to this question.    The department has estimated that all but about 1,500 school districts around the country will be in compliance with what they are calling the ``special rule.'' In your testimony, you questioned this data. How valid do you think the estimate is?    Mr. Bishop. Okay. But we agree that 1,500 is a good number in terms of those that are not in compliance?    Mr. Bishop. Okay. The department also estimates that this would cost about $800 million and $2.2 billion for those 1,500 districts to come into compliance with the special rule. Again, how valid is that number?    Mr. Bishop. In any case, the compliance number is astronomical, especially for a local school district who is already tied up and having difficulty making ends meet to begin with.    Mr. Bishop. It is unfortunate because communities will be forced to relocate teachers, raise taxes or both, and America's poorest neighborhoods will probably be hit the hardest.    Thank you. My time is up. I yield back.