    Mr. Kildee. I started to get a little worried when you began to excise the distinguished part when you discovered it was going to be me.    Mr. Kildee. First of all, thank you both for being here. And I do have a couple of questions for each of you.    I want to start with Mr. Hernandez and ask you a bit more about how your agency works with partners on the ground. I think obviously the importance of the program speaks for itself. And I want to get into some of the details in terms of some of the analysis that has been done.    But I wonder if you could talk to us about how your agency collaborates with other stakeholders and industry partners on the ground to maximize the resources that you have?    Mr. Kildee. Thank you again, Mr. Hernandez.    Mr. Scire, I wonder if I could just get you to comment a little bit further on the questions about performance? You indicated that it was unclear to you what their performance was on the direct loan, or on the guaranteed program. Could you expand on that? Because I am a little bit confused about what data you might be looking at and--    Mr. Kildee. But how would it compare to--if, in fact one of the potential recommendations would be to merge this program with other existing programs, wouldn't it make sense before coming to that conclusion to compare the performance of this program--    Mr. Kildee. --to the program with which you might merge it?    Mr. Kildee. Okay. One of the things--and this relates to not just this program, but others--that I would really encourage anyone who is analyzing these programs to look at, and this is very rarely attempted, is to try to measure the positive externalities, even considering the risk and potential default. But to measure the positive externalities of homeownership programs on housing and neighborhoods that have nothing to do with the programs directly, but actually receive pretty big benefits in terms of equity preservation and stability in these communities.    We talk about all sorts of ways of measuring these programs. And especially in the rural environment, supporting homeownership has value that goes well beyond the recipient of the support that got them into a home in the first place in terms of maintaining some degree of stability in the market. I know that is difficult to do, but I would certainly encourage you to do that.    And I wonder, Mr. Hernandez, if you could comment quickly on the loan origination process and how you think that works and results in positive outcomes for you?    Mr. Kildee. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, thank you for the additional time.