    Mr. Gomez. Chairman Gibbs, Ranking Member Napolitano, and members of the subcommittee, good morning. I am pleased to be here today to discuss our work on the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative.    The Great Lakes, as can be seen in the screens, is the largest system of freshwater in the world, and it provides economic and recreational benefits to millions of people. Decades of industrial and agricultural activities in the region have left a legacy of contamination.    In addition, more than 180 nonnative species have become established in the Great Lakes, some of which have caused extensive ecological and economic damage.    The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, as has been noted, was created to accelerate restoration by addressing issues such as water quality contamination and invasive species that continue to threaten the health of the Great Lakes ecosystem. The restoration is overseen by the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force and is chaired by the Environmental Protection Agency.    So my statement today summarizes the results of our two reports on the topic. I would like to make three key points about the GLRI, the initiative: first, the funding and monitoring and reporting; two, the process used to identify restoration work; and, three, information available about Great Lakes restoration project activities and results.    The first point is that nearly all of the $1.68 billion in Federal funds in fiscal years 2010 to 2014 have been allocated, and as it can be seen in the next slide, EPA and the task force agencies have made funding available to a range of recipients. We found that the Great Lakes Interagency Task Force agencies conduct restoration work themselves or by awarding funds to recipients through financial agreements, such as grants, cooperative agreements or contracts.    EPA and the other 10 agencies have since expended $1.15 billion for over 2,100 projects.    With regard to monitoring and reporting, we found that some information on restoration projects in EPA's database is inaccurate and may not be complete, which may prevent EPA from producing comprehensive or useful assessments of progress.    We recommended that EPA capture more complete information on progress, which the agency did. In May of 2015, EPA replaced its old database with a new information system.    Second, with regards to the process for selecting each agency's Great Lakes restoration work, this process has evolved since fiscal year 2010 to emphasize interagency discussion. Originally, each agency made its own project and funding decisions in agreement with the task force.    Now, multiple agency subgroups discuss and decide what work should be done. In fiscal year 2012, the task force created subgroups to discuss and identify work on three priority issues. The first issue was cleaning up severely degraded locations, called areas of concern, which we have heard about already.    Number two is preventing and controlling invasive species.    And three is reducing nutrient runoff from agricultural areas.    According to EPA, the focus on priority issues allowed for two areas of concern, the White Lake and Deer Lake areas in Michigan, to be targeted for accelerated cleanup. Both were delisted in 2014.    Third, the task force has made some project information available to Congress and the public in three accomplishment reports and on its Web site.    In addition, individual agencies collect information on activities and results, although this information is not collected and reported by EPA.    Of the 19 projects that we reviewed, 8 reported results directly linked to restoration, such as improved methods for capturing sea lamprey, an invasive species that can kill up to 40 pounds of fish in its lifetime. The remaining 11 reported results that can be indirectly linked to restoration. That is, the results may contribute to restoration over time.    In summary, the U.S. has committed enormous resources to restore the health of the Great Lakes ecosystem with some progress. Currently the restoration effort is in a period of transition, as EPA and the task force agencies are using a new action plan, new subgroups to identify work in funding, and a new system to collect information on projects.    Great Lakes restoration is an ongoing, long-term effort. As such, it can benefit from continued congressional oversight.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Napolitano, and members of the subcommittee, this completes my statement. I would be pleased to answer questions.    Mr. Gomez. Sure. So I mentioned earlier we did look at 19 projects in detail, and in those projects we did look at the amount of money that was going to indirect cost, and we found that that varied from zero to 37 percent.    In the cases where it was zero, it was because the entities had not established an indirect cost rate. Those that were higher, those tend to be universities that charge a higher indirect rate. So that is the way we looked at it in terms of the projects, and we looked at, as I said, 19 projects.    Mr. Gomez. Sure, sure.    Mr. Gomez. What I can mention is GAO has actually looked at ecosystem restoration efforts around the country. One was mentioned earlier, Chesapeake Bay. We have looked there, and they have a slightly different organizational structure. The Chesapeake Bay States are partners with the Federal agencies and other entities are also key partners.    The Great Lakes are organized slightly differently. We looked also at the Florida Everglades restoration efforts in years past where, again, it is managed by the State, the Feds, and tribes.    Mr. Gomez. Yes, correct.    Mr. Gomez. So that is a good question, and, right, as we were doing our work we had recommendations for EPA to either decide to do away with the old system or improve the old system.    The new system that they have, which is referred to as EAGL, when we were doing our work, EPA was still finalizing it. So we have not looked at it to see how it is working. We do think that it is----    Mr. Gomez. Well, so we are going to be tracking the development of it. So I believe that EPA is supposed to allow data entry at the beginning of fiscal year 2016.    Mr. Gomez. So once that happens, we were also interested to make sure. I know one thing that EPA has done already is restricted who inputs information into that system so that now you get more consistent information. In the old system, everybody I believe who was a grantee or was an entity receiving funds could input information.    EPA has also improved the guidance that they have provided to----    Mr. Gomez. Yes. It would be project specific, and they are restricting who can do it. It is just Federal agencies, and they have better guidance.    So we would like to see how that goes and can report back on it.    Mr. Gomez. Well, we would have to wait until at least there is some data entry. So once the Federal agencies enter the information I would give it a year for us to see how well it is working.    Mr. Gomez. Well, at this point because we did not make a recommendation, because EPA was taking action, we would probably have to look at the effort again. So we would get a request from you that says go back in and see how this system is working. We would be more than happy to do that.    Mr. Gomez. The one thing that I just wanted to add which has not been brought up, and I think it is important to mention, the issue of nutrient runoff, and that is in the work that we did as we talked to stakeholders, they told us about an issue that really is not addressed by the GLRI, and that is the issue of inadequate stormwater and wastewater infrastructure that leads to runoff.    Mr. Gomez. So that is a big area. We refer to it sometimes as urban runoff. I think it has maybe been referred to, but that is an area that stakeholders said is key. It contributes to nutrient runoff, and it's not addressed really by the GLRI.    Obviously, you know, EPA has the State Revolving Funds and each State then provides money.    Mr. Gomez. So in a lot of cases what happens with this infrastructure, it is just one pipeline. So in heavy rains, the overflow just goes into streams, lakes, rivers instead of the treatment plant. So it is an issue in a lot of places, and you will probably hear from the second panel, it is an issue that a lot of cities and towns across the country face.    Mr. Gomez. That is one option, yes. So others are----