    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, for holding this very important hearing on an issue that hits close to home for you, as many--as others in this country.    I'd like to thank our witnesses for being here today in order to help us understand what seems to be an epidemic of cyber attacks. I look forward to discussing what needs need to be done to prevent similar attacks from occurring in the future.    Now, it isn't a priority, nor it should be a priority for us just to address this because it affects some of us that are up here, but it's because it affects the American people. And unfortunately, this Administration has failed to provide Americans with any level of confidence that it will adequately protect their personal information when trusted with it.    As we have witnessed over the past few months, there has been a concerning pattern of security breaches involving government computer systems. This includes the recent, massive data breach of the Office of Personnel Management disclosing personal and official information that could potentially harm our national security. For an Administration that touts that it has ``prioritized the cybersecurity of federal departments and agencies,'' we have instead witnessed a government that is unable to properly secure its computer systems and protect sensitive information.    The situation at OPM is exactly why the subcommittee that I chair is looking into the collection of America's--Americans' personal data through the HealthCare.gov website. In that situation, it appears that Social Security numbers, dates of birth, names, mailing addresses, phone numbers, financial accounts information, military status, employment status, passport numbers, and taxpayer IDs are being retained. This information is being stored in a data warehouse that is intended to provide reporting and performance metrics related to the Federally Facilitated Marketplace and other HealthCare.gov-related systems.    In the situation of the data warehouse, the Administration never appeared to be forthright about the use and storage of personally identifiable information on HealthCare.gov. The Administration has yet to explain the reason for indefinitely storing user information, particularly of the users of the website who input their data to log in but do not end up enrolling.    While this Administration has claimed that cybersecurity is a priority, their actions on this and other issues regarding protecting the American people suggests the priorities are only lip service. From ending the Secure Cities program to storing critical information on American citizens without their approval or knowledge, this Administration is proving through their actions that protecting the American people is far from being on their list of priorities.    If that data warehouse is being protected in the same way that OPM was protecting personal information, action needs to be taken now to avoid putting the American people at significant personal risk. With many Americans being forced into the government healthcare exchange, a breach of this system could end up having millions affected, just like the OPM data hack.    The Government Accountability Office has included the cybersecurity of federal information systems on its list of high risk areas since 1997, so this isn't something new. Why, then, are we sitting here almost 20 years later, wondering why our federal information systems are not being adequately secured?    In the most recent GAO High Risk Series report, it says that ``Inspectors General at 22 of the 24 agencies cited information security as a major management challenge for their agency. For fiscal year 2014, most of the agencies had information security weaknesses in the majority of five key control categories.'' As Chairman of this subcommittee--this Committee's Oversight Subcommittee, I want to find the truth behind this reckless behavior that is threatening the safety and security of the American people. These actions--or rather, lack of actions--put the future of our nation at great risk and must stop.    I look forward to today's hearing, which I anticipate will inform us more about the recent OPM breach and the current state of our federal information systems. We owe it to the American people to ensure that their personally identifiable information is safe and protected from cybercriminals.    And with that, Madam Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Wilshusen, as I mentioned in my opening statement, the situation we have at OPM is exactly why my subcommittee is investigating the collection of America's personal data through HealthCare.gov. In September 2014, the GAO came out with a report noting that HealthCare.gov's data warehouse system MIDAS did not have an approved Privacy Impact Assessment that included a thorough analysis of privacy risks. Given that MIDAS is processing personally identifiable information and appears to have--indefinitely storing that information, how important is it to have an approved privacy impact statement for--or assessment for MIDAS?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you.    Mr. Loudermilk. Do you know if an assessment is done since the September report?    Mr. Loudermilk. So do they----    Mr. Loudermilk. They have not--is that concerning?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. When you looked into the MIDAS system as part of the HealthCare.gov review, was it known to you that personally identifiable information of individuals who signed up on the HealthCare.gov website would be indefinitely stored?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. So the fact that they indicated that they intended to store this PII information is really what catapulted this assessment, the need for the assessment? Is that what you're saying?    Mr. Loudermilk. Is it normal for the federal government to store PII information on websites or information obtained through websites?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. I appreciate that. Also, GAO has listed the security of our federal cyber assets on its high-risk list since 1997. It's been almost 20 years. Does it remain on the high-risk list to this day because of evolving threats to federal information systems or is it because federal agencies have not been able to learn how to properly protect these systems?    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Mr. Loudermilk. Is it because of--it's a lack of priority for a lot of these agencies?    Mr. Loudermilk. Can you tell me who's ultimately accountable for the cybersecurity of our federal government?    Mr. Loudermilk. I see I'm out of time. One quick question if I may, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. We're just tight because we're going to have votes.    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay.    Chairwoman Comstock. We want to squeeze everybody in.    Mr. Loudermilk. On a scale grading like elementary school A to F, our federal cybersecurity, how do you grade it?    Mr. Loudermilk. D minus from the way I hear that?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you very much. Thanks to all the panel.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Beyer for five minutes.