    Mr. Gonzalez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. On behalf of National Commander Dale Barnett and over 2 million members of the American Legion, we thank you and your colleagues for the work you do in support of our servicemembers, veterans, and their families. The American Legion commends you for holding this hearing.    In early 1996, the American Legion launched the first groundbreaking credentialing study to report on those skills for which the armed services provided training and for which a license or certification is required in the civilian workforce.    The education, training, and experience obtained during an individual's military service not only provides tangible benefits for the Nation's defense but can also contribute significantly to a highly skilled civilian workforce. The military invests millions of dollars training its uniform personnel, providing a broad base of knowledge and experiences that can carry over to civilian occupations.    However, transitioning from military occupations to civilian jobs can present significant challenges for servicemembers. Postsecondary education credentials are arguably even more important today than ever before. Those individuals who hold the credential generally have lower unemployment rates and greater earning power. Since 2008, jobs in the workforce that require some postsecondary education or a degree have increased by 3.6 million, while jobs for people with a high school diploma or less have declined, leading to higher unemployment rates.    However, when civilian credentialing boards, States, and employers fail to fully recognize military education, training, and experience, both the servicemember and the Nation are impaired. The veteran faces reduced chances of obtaining a job on par with his or her skills, and the civilian workforce cannot take full advantage of the extensive skills training in which our Nation has invested.    Still, the process for a veteran to get licensed is not as easy as showing up to an office with a DD 214 providing relevant military training. Conflicts between Federal and State requirements for credentials complicate the issue, which remains far from resolved around the country.    Earlier this year, the American Legion hosted its second national credentialing summit in Washington, DC, to identify best practices for implementing State laws and for lobbying new ones. Policymakers and other key stakeholders were part of the collaborative discussion. The American Legion is in the process of issuing a post-summit report in the next several months.    In the past several years, a variety of Federal and State legislation, administrative initiatives, and new Department of Defense and Department of Labor programs have been developed to reduce barriers to credentialing for servicemembers and veterans. We applaud these efforts but remain concerned about how to ensure the quality of the credentials that are paid for by the Department of Veterans Affairs.    Currently, the VA does not require periodic reapproval of certification programs. Certification tests and organizations at present are only approved once, and there are no requirements for reapproval. However, certification requirements are adapted, and changes to exams are made by the certifying agency on a regular basis. The American Legion recommends a reapproval process to ensure that the tests and organizations continue to meet the statutory requirement for payment.    Another barrier is the difference between post-9/11 and the government GI Bill payment system. The American Legion encourages this committee to eliminate the requirement that post-9/11 GI Bill recipients use an entire month's worth of entitlement for a licensing or certification test fee even when the fee amounts to far less than the full month's entitlement.    Under Title 38, U.S.C. Section 3315, license and certification tests, post-9/11 GI Bill recipients are charged 1 full month of entitlement, which may amount to over $1,000, even if the licensing or certification fee is significantly less than that. One of our recommendations is to reduce proportional to the cost of the licensing and exam fees.    While I have only highlighted two barriers and solutions within my oral remarks, my written testimony further explains barriers and Legion recommendations to Congress.    This concludes my testimony. The American Legion appreciates the opportunity to address this topic as well as identify ways to continue to break down barriers that would not only benefit those who have served but benefit our economy and workforce. I will be happy to answer any questions you might have.    And thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Gonzalez. Mr. Chairman, I believe that you are absolutely right, so I agree with you that it should be done in a process and it should be done as the military now transitions--and you, Mr. Chairman, who sits on the Armed Services Committee--it is a lifecycle.    So it is making sure that that individual understands in their particular profession within the military what else they can be doing, not just to better themselves, but also it helps the readiness of the military. A better workforce for the military is a better ready military.    But, also, it helps those individuals that when they do transition out, one, it decreases unemployment for the military, what they pay out, but also it helps retain those individuals, whether it is in the Reserves or National Guard, for the total military force.    And then, of course, how do we figure out how to leverage technology, Mr. Chairman. How do we use technology to still get information, not just individuals within the continental United States but also overseas regardless of where they are stationed at, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gonzalez. Technology as far as how we deliver those types of material--study material, information. And, in some cases, and I know there are other organizations like a Princeton Review, and how do we deliver those types of exams. Can we deliver those exams through new technology platforms that, regardless of where you are at, you can still be able to take that test and be prepared while you are overseas. And then, of course, when you get back, you are still prepared, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gonzalez. Yes, sir.    Mr. Gonzalez. Mr. Takano, when the post-9/11 was first introduced, I was still in college. So, to be honest, behind the scenes and what was the formula that was used to calculate post-9/11, I am not aware of.    However, Montgomery GI Bill does pretty much prorate in what the cost is, thus saving you entitlements for the longer education process. And I know this is something that I would definitely love to talk more in detail with the committee itself on how can we kind of revert certain sections of post-9/11 to what Montgomery had in place to ensure that that particular individual is not exhausting its entitlement and, of course, keeping in mind within fiscal constraints and making sure that CBO can score it properly and it is something that is amenable with Members of Congress too, Mr. Takano.    Mr. Gonzalez. There is no standard, Mr. Takano. If you want the honest truth, there is no standard. It is whatever the checklist is from the State approving agency gets stamped, and once that program is stamped as approved, it is a done deal.    Mr. Gonzalez. Yes. There is no reapproval process by the VA. So there is no incentive for the VA to come back and say, we are going to do an audit, we are going to reexamine your certification program in general.    And I can give you an example of us, ourselves, and the American National Standards Institute meeting with the VA about a year and a half ago to bring this particular subject up to their knowledge and make them aware of it, and their response was, who are we hurting?    Mr. Gonzalez. Mr. Costello, I will make it quick for the purpose of time.    One of the things our recommendation would be is, how do we create a clearinghouse on where States themselves who have passed legislation can acquire information so programs of instruction by the military, whether it is through the ONET process at Department of Labor, whether it is through the VA. And I know it is going to be a daunting task for the DoD, but how do we make the Federal agencies be able to provide a platform where States, private entities can actually go and acquire these programs and instructions? Of course, keep in mind where we are not compromising national security, so we are not going to put the programming instructions when we are dealing with cybersecurity, for instance.    However, there are many other occupations within the military that will be very, very helpful for those individual entities to be able to access and be able to compare what have you actually acquired in the military, regardless of what that is, to be able to say we are going to recognize and accept or we are not going to recognize and accept and this is why we can't recognize and accept, whatever that might be.    Right now, currently, it is very scattered, and how do you get this information or where do you get this information. And maybe that is a question also for the next panel, Mr. Costello.    Mr. Gonzalez. And, again, Mrs. Rice, just due to time, very quickly, it was--we identified certain certifications that were being approved by VA, that individuals, of course, can go and go to the course, go to the school or institution itself and acquire that particular credential, per se. We had identified a couple of them, and we brought it up to the economic section of the Department of Veterans Affairs, brought it to their attention.    And the conversation went from bad to worse very quickly. And the conversation pretty much ended as, ``Who are we hurting?'', from their end. And our response was, you are hurting the veteran, you are hurting the taxpayers because we are paying for it. And it just kind of ended like that, and we just left it alone.    And, ever since then, we have just been pushing in other ways to push to ensure that VA kind of overhauls how they are doing things--how they are approving these programs, how they are evaluating the programs, are they doing reapproval, whether they are doing surveys, whatever it is that they need to do to ensure that these programs are actually meeting some standard and some quality assurance.    Ms Rice. So you got the sense that there was no rhyme or reason as to----    Mr. Gonzalez. I got the sense that, because it is not their money, it is not coming out of their pocket, they can care less.    Ms Rice. So what about their process made you go to--I am trying to figure out exactly what they are doing. They are saying that these programs are okay when they are not?    Mr. Gonzalez. Yes. So the programs--and I don't know if you want to chime in.    Because Dr. Swift was also at the meeting, and he can chime in on more of the technical side.    If you care to.    Mr. Gonzalez. I cannot talk to the U.S. territories. I am not aware of the laws, if they have been changed, or the statutes in any U.S. territories. But within the 50 States, some type of credentialing current statutes have been changed.    And it varies from State to State. So you might have something as simple as how an electrician gets their licensure, and, of course, in the State of Georgia versus the State of Washington, who might just have complete control and says, we are just going to make one massive overhaul, versus some States who want to do it in increment processes or increment progression to ensure that they are not compromising the public safety in some capacity.    I know in one of the States that we have been doing it very slowly, and it is my home State of New York. It has been very much a slow process, whereas, again, you have some Midwestern States like Indiana, like Washington, Ohio, who has just done one massive overhaul. Of course, Iowa, as well, is another State.    So it depends. But as far as U.S. territories, I am not aware of--I can go back and come back with the actual information for you, ma'am.    Mr. Gonzalez. I would think----    Mr. Gonzalez. If it is okay with you, ma'am, I think my colleagues who might be a little better versed on some of that and better answer that question. I would--I don't know if they want to answer, since I have two of the biggest accreditation bodies here who can actually also give you that understanding.    And, of course, some of those particular topics are very much a hybrid in nature, where the Federal Government does have a role but then, of course, the States also have their own role.