    Mr. Neugebauer. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this very important hearing. It is my honor to introduce Dr. Darren Hudson who is a Professor and the Larry Combest Chair at Texas Tech University. Go Raiders. It is good to have you here today. Dr. Hudson earned his B.S. at West Texas A&M University and his M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in agricultural and applied economics from Texas Tech University. He has been a Professor at Mississippi State University and a Farm Foundation Fellow. Hudson's research interests include agricultural policy, trade, economic development, marketing, and consumer demand in behavioral economics, and he participates in the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute consortium producing annual baseline projections for cotton for the group. Hudson is the past President of the Southern Agricultural Economics Association. Dr. Hudson, it is a pleasure to have you here. We look forward to your testimony today.    The Chairman. Thank you and welcome Dr. Hudson. I would like to introduce Mr. Craig Thorn, Partner with DTB Associates, LLP, here in Washington, D.C. Dr. Hudson, the floor is yours.STATEMENT OF DARREN HUDSON, Ph.D., PROFESSOR AND LARRY COMBEST     Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Dr. Hudson, I want to go back to China just a little bit. So basically it looks like they are stockpiling what, about \1/2\ of the world's production on an annual basis? They are supporting their cotton at like almost $1.50 is the number.    So kind of walk through with me, currently how much cotton has China been actually exporting? Are they exporting any of their domestic cotton or are they taking all of their domestic cotton into their stockpiling? Because if they are paying their producers $1.48, I am trying to figure out how that economic model works where you have a world price of what, 70?    Mr. Neugebauer. So their domestic mills that the government sets the price of which, what, domestic mills have to pay for cotton?    Mr. Neugebauer. So you would use some gross or some total numbers for subsidies in comparing the United States and other countries. One of the things I was wondering about, when you look at subsidies as a percent of total farm income, for example, in the United States, what percentage of total farm income would be attributed to U.S. subsidies?    Mr. Neugebauer. Chairman Conaway alluded to the fact that Brazil is thinking about another round now and going after different commodities. But when we look at these, the presentation that both of you made today, I am having a hard time figuring out on what basis, if they are subsidizing at a much higher rate than the United States, what basis, how are their subsidies different and how are they more market distorting than the U.S. subsidies?    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is very interesting, but I would like to get your take on this issue and the impact of currency manipulation. China is notorious in currency manipulation, and not only China. Mr. Thorn, you mentioned in your analyses that in calculating its aggregate measure of support, AMS, India converted its external-reference prices to dollars using an exchange rate that was seriously distorted by government controls.    I think it would be very interesting to get y'alls take on the implications because all of these countries--and let's just take for example cotton which is very vital to the United States. And cotton is so dependent because most of what is produced here is exported. So it would be very interesting to get your take on how this currency manipulation plays into all of these and the disadvantage that it is holding us to and what we need to do about it. Mr. Thorn? Dr. Hudson?