    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I'm going to talk about a couple of folks in my district. One young woman, Yuridia Loera was brought to this country when she was 2 years old. She currently attends the University of New Mexico, my alma matter. Because of DACA, frankly, she was able to travel to Nicaragua and volunteer at a nonprofit for underprivileged children. Now, Yuridia wants to attend medical school and provide health care to underserved rural communities. And given that that reflects the entire State and we are in dire straits currently about making sure that we can meet just primary care access issues pre-ACA, during ACA, and the growing number of minority individuals in a minority-majority State, this is a wonderful thing in a State like mine and I can tell you in the Southwest in general.    Another woman, Marian Mendez Setta is a senior at UNM and she's studying psychology and philosophy with a concentration in pre-law. And maybe she'll go to my law school also at the University of New Mexico. She comes from a low-income family. And because of DACA, she's able to work to not only pay for her school, but she helps her parents out financially as well. I do the very same for my mother, very strong cultural values in my Hispanic community.    Now, Chairman Chaffetz, I think, did an interesting thing in this committee, and we're looking all around us at these beautiful walls with images of hard-working individuals who are dedicated to their work and their families and their communities. Considering that Congress failed to act on comprehensive immigration reform to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to work, learn, and contribute to the country, I support, frankly, the President's actions on immigration.    However, I have heard several concerns about inconsistencies in how the President's actions are being applied. Immigration advocacy groups have been tracking reports concerning violations of the priorities memo. And after receiving hundreds of phone calls, they are hearing that ICE field offices may not be applying the priorities appropriately. Furthermore, on April 15, over 100 organizations wrote to DHS, Secretary Johnson, expressing similar concern. That letter states, ``we have received numerous reports indicating that several ICE offices are failing to comply with the priorities memo.'' Even people who do not fall under any priority whatsoever have been removed. Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter this letter into the record.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you.    On top of this, we have most recently heard concerning reports that ICE may be mining DMV databases to target low or non-enforcement priority individuals, issues that I heard about well before I was elected in 2012, not particularly related to this priorities memo but consistent in patterns and practice that I find not only very concerning but offensive.    Even as we speak, immigration advocates are fasting in protest at ICE headquarters just down the street over ICE's failure to apply prosecutorial discretion in line with the memo.    Director Saldana, these mounting reports are extremely upsetting. Can you explain to me the inconsistencies in how the priorities, frankly, are being applied on the ground?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Are you arguing that there are no inconsistencies? Because so far, your statement to me is it's being applied consistently, correctly, and adequately. I just want to make sure I'm following you.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I want to reclaim part of my time. Does that mean that you don't think that--do you agree that you're applying the priorities memo effectively? Because I don't think that you are. And what I really want to know is what you can do to assure me and this committee of your full compliance.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I'd have to say that I don't believe that that's accurate in my community. And I will demonstrate that in a much more direct way.    And I would like, Mr. Chairman, for that to also be included as part of the record.