    Chairman Chaffetz. Good morning. The Oversight Committee is coming to order. Our hearing today is about the OPM data breaches. This is part 2.    $529 billion: $529 billion is how much the Federal Government has spent on IT since 2008. Roughly $577 million has been spent at the Office of Personnel Management. Roughly 80 percent of that money has been spent on legacy systems, and we're in a situation here where the hurricane has come and gone, and just now OPM is wanting to board up the windows. That's what it feels like.    This is a major, major security breach, one of the biggest--if not the biggest--we have ever seen. This demands all of our attention and great concern about what happened, how we're going to prevent it from happening in the future, and what are we going to do with the information now? Because there is no simple, easy solution, but I can tell you, oftentimes it feels like one good trip to Best Buy, and we could help solve this problem and be a whole lot better than where we are today.    There are a lot of questions that remain about what happened last month, and the uncertainty is very disconcerting to a host of people. And it's unacceptable to this committee and to the Congress. The most recent public reports indicate that many more Americans were affected by the breach than originally disclosed. Federal workers and their families deserve answers, answers on both the scope of the breach and the types of personnel information compromised.    Because of these many outstanding questions, we still don't understand the extent to which the breach threatens our national security. However, according to the intelligence community, the risk is significant. Only the imagination limits what a foreign adversary can do with detailed information about a Federal employee's education, career, health, family, friends, neighbors, and personal habits.    I'd ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a letter we received on June 16 from the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association.    I want to read part of it: Here are the concerns about the Office of Personnel Management data breaches, our demands of the government, and a list of questions that remain unanswered.    They represent some 28,000 current and retired Federal law enforcement officers and special agents from over 65 different agencies.    This is what they wrote: OPM turned its back on Federal law enforcement officers when they failed to protect sensitive information from an inexcusable breach. And OPM's delay and aloof response is a pathetic and irresponsible miscarriage of its obligations to affected Americans. The very lives of Federal law enforcement officers are now in danger, and their safety and security of innocent people, including their families, are now in jeopardy because of OPM's abysmal failure and its continued ignorance in the severity of the breach. The information lost includes personal, financial, and location information of these officers and their families, leaving them vulnerable to attack and retaliation for criminals and terrorists currently or formally investigated by the United States of America.    Without objection, I will enter this into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. OPM is currently attempting to overhaul its technical infrastructure but without a full understanding of the scope or the cost of the project. In fact, the agency kept the project from the inspector general for more than a year. The IG determined OPM's chief information officer, ``initiated this project without a complete understanding of the scope of OPM's existing technical infrastructure or the scale and cost of the effort required to mitigate it to the new environment.'' Because of these concerns, the project is, quote, ``possibly making OPM environment less secure and increasing cost to taxpayers.''    The IG also raised questions about why OPM awarded a sole-source contract for this project without going through the process for full and complete competition.    In fact, I would like to enter into the record without objection, this is an article from the Washington Post. This is May 13, ``Defense Firm that Employed Drunk, High Contractors in Afghanistan May Have Wasted $135 Million in Taxpayer Dollars.''    Chairman Chaffetz. These are the recipients of a sole-source contract to try to help clean up this mess. They were formally known as Jorge Scientific Corporation. They're now known as Imperatis Corporation. They have a good list of very impressive military personnel who are involved and engaged. Maybe this is the right decision. But when it is a sole-source contract, it does beg a lot of questions. No doubt we need to move fast. But this organization has had a lot of problems in the past, and it begs a lot of questions.    In addition to data security problem, we have a data management problem. It is unclear why so much background information related to security clearances was readily available on the OPM system to be hacked. It is unclear to me why there is a need for SF-86 background information--the SF-86 is the Standard Form 86. It's what the employees or prospective employees fill out. Why was this background information on the network if the applicant isn't currently being investigated?    Part of the reason we're in this mess and we have such a big mess in our hands is a lot of information and background checks that we're not even engaging in was still on the system. If information isn't accessible on the network, it can't be hacked. So if a security clearance isn't under investigation wall off the data. It's a best practice that others use and probably should have been used in this situation as well.    We have to do a better job of anticipating our adversaries and protecting information from unnecessary exposure. One of the concerns is this legacy system that we're using is a COBOL. The language used is COBOL. I'd ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a Wall Street Journal article from April 22, 1963, ``COBOL Can Help Users Cut Costs When Changing Models; Government Spurs Progress.'' 1963. I wasn't even born yet. And that's the system that we're operating on in this day and age when technology is changing moment by moment, minute by minute.    Without objection, I will enter that into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yesterday, Ms. Archuleta stated that no one is personally responsible for the OPM data breach and instead blamed the hackers. Hackers certainly have a lot of culpability on their hands. There's no doubt that there are nefarious actors that are going to be attacking the United States on a moment-by-moment basis. We literally take millions of hits on a daily basis. That's not new news. But I disagree that nobody is to be held personally responsible. Personal accountability is paramount. People have roles and responsibilities. They are charged with the fiduciary responsibility of carrying out those.    As the head of the agency, Ms. Archuleta is, in fact, statutorily responsible for the security of the OPM network and managing any risks. And while she may have inherited a lot of problems, she was called on by the President and confirmed by the Senate to protect the information maintained by OPM. During her confirmation in 2013, she stated that IT modernization would be one of her main priorities, yet it took a security breach in March of 2014, 5 months after the confirmation, to begin the process of developing a plan to fix the problem. That was just the beginning of the start to think about how to fix the problem. And yet the shift in blame is just inexcusable.    I really hope we hear solid answers. It's not going to be good enough to say: Oh, well, we'll get you that information. It's under investigation. There was a security--no. We're going to answer questions. Federal workforce, the people affected, they need to hear that. We're different. We're unique in this world because we are self-critical, and we do have hearings like this.    I would also ask unanimous consent to enter two letters into the record. One was the flash audit that was done, it was June 17 of this year, from Patrick McFarland, the inspector general. It's a flash audit, U.S. Office of Personnel Management Information Improvement Project.    Without objection, I will enter that into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will also ask unanimous consent to enter into the record the June 22 response by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, Ms. Archuleta.    And I ask unanimous consent that enter into the record as well.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. We also have some contractors here, and we appreciate their participation. They have answers--or we have questions that need to be answered as well. We need their cooperation to figure this out. A lot of what was done by OPM was contracted out. And there are very legitimate questions in particular that Mr. Cummings and others have asked that--and that's why I'm pleased to have them invited and participating as well. So it will be a full and robust committee hearing. And we appreciate all the participation.    As I conclude, I would also say, without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time. I should have said that--without objection, so ordered. I should have said that at the beginning.    Now, I'd like to recognize the distinguished ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for his opening statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    I'll hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    We're also pleased to have Representative Barbara Comstock, who is able to join us this morning.    And I ask unanimous consent that our colleague from Virginia be allowed to fully participate in today's hearing.    No objection. So ordered.    We now recognize the panel of witnesses. I'm pleased to welcome the Honorable Katherine Archuleta, Director of the Office of Personnel Management. We also have the Honorable Patrick McFarland, inspector general, the Office of Personnel Management; Ms. Donna Seymour, Chief Information Officer of the Office of Personnel Management; Ms. Ann Barron-DiCamillo--help me there, DiCamillo, just the way it's spelled--Director for the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team at the United States Department of Homeland Security.    Appreciate you being here.    Mr. Eric Hess is the chief executive officer of KeyPoint Government Solutions. And Mr. Rob Giannetta is the chief information officer at USIS.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. So if you will please all rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your verbal testimony to 5 minutes. And, obviously, your entire written record or written statement will be made part of the record.    We will start first with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, Ms. Archuleta, first. You're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. McFarland, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Seymour, was your statement with Ms. Archuleta, or do you have one yourself?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Very good.    I would ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a letter that was given us this morning from the Office of Personnel Management. It's dated today, signed by Ms. Archuleta, dealing with the number of records.    Without objection, so ordered. We'll enter that into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. We'll now recognize Ms. Barron-DiCamillo for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Hess, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you for your testimony.    Mr. Giannetta, we will now recognize you for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself. Ms. Archuleta, you have personal identifiable information for how many Federal employees and retirees?    Chairman Chaffetz. Move your microphone closer, please.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I asked you how many--you have personally identifiable information for how many Federal employees and retirees?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many records do you have? This is what I'm trying to get at.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I want you. Come on, you're the head of this agency. I'm asking you, how many records are at play here?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no. Let me read to you what you wrote on February 2 of this year. This is to the Appropriations chairmen, both in the House and the Senate. You wrote: As a proprietor of sensitive data, including personally identifiable information for 32 million Federal employees and retirees, OPM has an obligation to maintain contemporary and robust cybersecurity controls.    You wrote that in February. Are you here to tell me that that information is all safe, or is it potentially 32 million records that are at play here?    Chairman Chaffetz. So it could be as high as 32 million. Is that right?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you for a range. I don't need a specific number. We know it's a minimum of 4.2 million, but it could be as high as 32 million?    Chairman Chaffetz. And when they fill out the SF-86, that would include other people that are identified within those forms, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do we know, on average, how many people are identified--if you fill out an SF-86, what's the average number of people that are identified within those records?    Chairman Chaffetz. Are you working on that?    Chairman Chaffetz. I'm asking you if you will take a sampling of records and understand how many other people are identified in those records. If you have 32 million employees and former employees in your database and they are also identifying other individuals, I would like to know, on average, how many people that is? Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. A distinct and accurate number. When you asked for $32 million more in your budget request, it was because you had 32 million Federal employees identified and former employees. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Seymour, do you have a complete inventory of servers, database, network, devices, and people that have access to that information? Do you have the complete inventory of that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Changes on a daily basis. You either have it or you don't. You don't have it, do you?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it 100 percent complete?    Chairman Chaffetz. But the IG says that it's not complete. Mr. McFarland says that it's not complete.    Chairman Chaffetz. To the members of the committee here, we have to move quickly, but I think just having an inventory of what's at play here is key. And the inspector general does not believe you when you say that.    Ms. Archuleta, in March of 2014, OPM became aware of an attack on its computer networks. I would highlight and I'll ask unanimous consent to enter into the record--without objection, so ordered--``Chinese Hackers Pursue Key Data on U.S. Workers.'' This is dated July 9 of 2014.    Chairman Chaffetz. As it relates to this attack, Ms. Archuleta, did it result in a breach of security?    Chairman Chaffetz. Your microphone.    Chairman Chaffetz. I asked if there was a breach in security.    Chairman Chaffetz. I am asking you a broader question. So did they have access to the PII, the personal identification information? Did they have access to it?    Chairman Chaffetz. In your perception, from your understanding, did they have access to the personal information?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. That's a different question. The question I asked is, did they have access? Whether they exfiltrated it is a different question. I am asking if they had access. And I believe the answer is yes, isn't it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So they had access to that information.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Did it result in a breach of security, in your opinion? Is that a breach of security?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is that a breach of your security?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, yes, it was a breach of security, yes?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. But at the time--at the time--it was a breach of security, right?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was there any information lost?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's not what I asked you. I asked, did you lose any information?    Chairman Chaffetz. I am asking you if any information was lost.    Chairman Chaffetz. I believe you know the answer to this question.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Did they take any information when they hacked into the computers?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's not what I asked you. We will take as long as you want here. I did not ask if they just exfiltrated PII. I am asking you, did they take any other information?    Chairman Chaffetz. I know you know the answer to this question.    Ms. Seymour, did they take any other information?    Chairman Chaffetz. What were those documents?    Chairman Chaffetz. What kind of manuals?    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it fair to say--is that like a blueprint for the system?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did they take any personnel manuals?    Chairman Chaffetz. But they----    Chairman Chaffetz. But they did take information.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe it was a breach of security?    Chairman Chaffetz. So, Ms. Archuleta, when we rewind the tape and look at the WJLA-TV interview that you did on July 21, you said: Again, we did not have a breach in security. There was no information that was lost. That was false, wasn't it?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, you weren't. That wasn't the question. That was not the question. You said, ``There was no information that was lost.'' Is that accurate or inaccurate?    Chairman Chaffetz. It was misleading. It was a lie, and it wasn't true. And when this plays out, we are going to find that this was the step that allowed them to come back and why we are in this mess today. It was not dealt with. You were misleading when you went on television and told all the employees, all these Federal employees watching local television: Don't worry, there is no information lost.    Did they have access to personnel information, Ms. Seymour?    Chairman Chaffetz. They may not have exfiltrated it, but did they have access to it? Could they look at it?    Chairman Chaffetz. We will explore that more. Thank the indulgence of the committee.    Now recognize Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Mica.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Thank the gentlewoman.    Now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Turner, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lieu, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Pardon me.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Meadows, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, the chairman of the Subcommittee on IT, Mr. Hurd, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    Did you want to respond to that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We will have to further explore that, but, for now, we will recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. From start to finish, how long was it from when you got the proposal that you awarded the contract?    Chairman Chaffetz. But it was less than 48 hours, right?    Chairman Chaffetz. And the award is how much money?    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will you also copy--when you give Senator Warner the answer to his questions, will you send us copies of that, as well?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Thank you. I think he raises a number of important questions, as does Mr. Palmer here, and we will continue to pursue that.    We now will recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who has been waiting patiently, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Hess, is it reasonable by the end of this week to provide us the documentation on the communication and the lack of the meeting over the last several months? Is that fair? By the end of the week?    Chairman Chaffetz. You are the CEO. You can make these decisions. Are you or are you not going to do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. That is not good enough. Give me a date that you think is reasonable to give us the correspondence dealing with setting up a meeting. It can't be that difficult.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you were asked months ago to brief the minority staff, and that didn't happen. I just want to see the documentation; is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I want an answer from you. I want to know when you will provide that information to this committee.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I want a--you give me the date. When is it reasonable? You are the CEO.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I need an answer from you. All right, we will sit here all day if you want. You want me to issue a subpoena? Is that what you want me to do? Because I will sign it. I will sign it today.    Give me a date that is reasonable.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sir, seriously, when are you going to provide that information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Am I asking for anything unreasonable, to provide the correspondence and the interaction? I mean, they are going to have their half. I just want to see your half. I am trying to give you an equal opportunity here.    Chairman Chaffetz. When is it a reasonable date?    Chairman Chaffetz. No. I want you to decide before the end of this hearing. We are going to go to the next set of questioning. You can counsel with all the people that are sitting behind you, but it is a reasonable question. What Mr. Cartwright said is not unreasonable. And so, if you think it is, tell me. But I just want to see the correspondence.    Counsel all you want while we ask the next set of questions, but I suggest you keep an ear to Mr. Grothman, who we are going to recognize for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will now recognized the gentlewoman from New Mexico, Ms. Lujan Grisham, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    We will new recognize the gentlewoman from Virginia, Mrs. Comstock, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    I will now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Archuleta, with all due respect, and I know you are fairly new to this position, but the audits have been coming from the Inspector General's Office since 1997. They come year in and year out. They have happened and happened and happened and happened. I mean, I started the other hearing by reading through all the comments that have come along.    So this is a flash audit. You haven't had time to talk about it. You haven't had time to go through it. And yet you can award a multimillion dollar contract in less than 48 hours. That's what we don't understand. And we are going to go through that here in a minute. We are almost done with this hearing. But this isn't just one audit. This isn't just one observation. The good people in the Inspector General's Office have been warning about this since the 1990s. And it was never taken care of.    Chairman Chaffetz. We don't believe you. I think you are part of the problem. I think if we want different results, we are going to have to have different people. And if you want to refresh the deck, and we want to put Mr. Ozment or somebody else in charge like that, let's to it because you know what, we got a crisis. That hurricane has come and blown this building down. And I don't want to hear about putting boards up on windows, and it's going to take years to get there. That's why I think it's time for you to go.    And, Ms. Seymour, I am sorry, but I think you are in over your head. And I think the seriousness of this requires new leadership and a new fresh set of eyes to do that. I wish you both the best in life. I am not out here to get you. But you know what, this is as big as it gets. And there are going to have to be a new team brought in. That's where I am at on this.    Yield back to the gentleman.    Chairman Chaffetz. I am going to recognize myself.    We have got to talk about some things.    Mr. Hess, have you come up with a decision about the timing of when you will provide this information I asked for previously?    Chairman Chaffetz. Fair enough. Next week, if we can get that information, we would certainly appreciate it. And we will follow up. I will follow up.    Chairman Chaffetz. I got Mr. Cummings' back on this one, and I will support him in this. He is asking reasonable questions. And I appreciate the cooperation. Thank you.    I am going to yield to the gentleman from Alabama, who has brought up a great issue and a great point. And I want to go through this contract timeline here again. We are getting close to wrapping up. But, on Thursday, May 28 of this year, just not too long ago, at 11:33 a.m., OPM posted a 29-page request for quotes to provide notification, credit report access, credit monitoring, identity theft insurance, and recovery service, and project management services.    On May 28, 2015, at 1:46 p.m., OPM posted amendment 1, a pricing sheet. On May 29, at 1:32 p.m., OPM changed the deadline from May 20 to May 30. On May 29, at 2:45 p.m. OPM posted another change, modified info to be submitted, and deleted some of the clauses. And, on Tuesday, June 2, a contract was Winvale Group. I don't know the Winvale Group. Could be nice people. I don't know.    But they immediately turned around and subcontracted this to a group I don't know a whole lot about. I want to have Mr. Palmer ask you some questions about this.    Chairman Chaffetz. I would like to ask unanimous consent to enter into the record this article. This is written by Julia La Roche. It is March 27, 2015, ``Hedge Fund Manager Who Said Sorry for Losing 99.7 Percent of His Client's Money is Now Being Investigated By the SEC and the Department of Justice.''    Ms. Seymour, were you aware that the contract that you let for Winvale was going to be sublet, or there would be a subcontractor?    Without objection, by the way, I will enter this article into the record.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you know that there was going to be a subcontract?    Chairman Chaffetz. So when you did your due diligence and you looked into some of the resumes of the people that would be involved and engaged in this, did that include the employees and the board at this subcontractor?    Chairman Chaffetz. Had either Winvale or the subcontractor, or if there is more than one subcontractor, do you personally know anybody who is in any way, shape, or form involved in any of those companies?    Chairman Chaffetz. There is nobody from the former Department of Defense or from the Office of Personnel Management? You know none of those people?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Archuleta, do you know anybody that works for either of those two firms?    Chairman Chaffetz. So here we have somebody who lost millions of dollars, under investigation by the Department of Justice. We have got to figure out how in the world these people get the contract because now what we are doing is we are saying: Okay, all you Federal employees, millions of you that were affected, go give them your information.    And that's the kind of person we are dealing with. I am not saying he is guilty. But he is under investigation. Why should we take the chance? Why didn't you go to the GSA list? I mean, there is a list of approved vendors out there. Why not use one of them?    Chairman Chaffetz. Like what?    Chairman Chaffetz. I am just telling you, this reeks. And for any contract to go out that fast, I understand the gravity of this situation, you are going to deviate from that and then they immediately go out to subcontract, I would encourage you to as swiftly as possible get back to Senator Warner and Mr. Palmer as well as this committee.    I do need to ask about credentials. Ms. Archuleta, is there anybody in the OPM system, whether they be an employee or a contractor, who is a foreign national?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Seymour, is there anybody who is a foreign national who is involved as either a contractor or directly as an employee at OPM?    Chairman Chaffetz. The fact that you two don't know, that's what scares me. That's what really scares me is that you don't know.    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people on your staff?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people have credentials to become a network administrator or have access to the network? How many?    Chairman Chaffetz. So of those 50 people--and how often do you routinely audit that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Like what?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you review the traffic that's going through there? Because that's evidently part of what happened is somebody gained network administrator access and----    Chairman Chaffetz. After they had been there for than a year, right?    Chairman Chaffetz. So how often do you track that and monitor that?    Chairman Chaffetz. I have got a series of other questions, but let's recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Carter, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentleman.    We have a vote on the floor. I will recognize Mr. Cummings, who has got a few more questions.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We are now at the halfway point. I am just teasing. We are wrapping up here. We are wrapping up. You all have been sitting here for a long time. All right. So a couple more questions. We do have votes on the floor.    Director Archuleta, I need to go back to some of your previous comments. This has to do with what you said in July of 2014 regarding the OPM data breach that became public in March of that year. At the time, you said that you did not have a breach in security. Ms. Seymour was very candid in saying that she did think it was a breach in security. So is she wrong?    Chairman Chaffetz. But you don't believe there was any access to see that information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Exfiltrated. But do you believe that they had at least access to it to look at it?    Chairman Chaffetz. So you did know that the OPM network, the network platform, that the blueprint, essentially the keys to the kingdom, was exfiltrated, right? You did know that.    Chairman Chaffetz. I am asking you now. I am asking you now, do you believe--you knew, somehow you had to know, I hope.    Chairman Chaffetz. But that was essentially a blueprint of how the system worked. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. So but you did know that there was a security breach. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you did know that there were things other than the PII that were potentially exfiltrated. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. You did know that.    What do you think is a bigger success for hackers, you know, stealing the files for tens of thousands of employees or the files for 32 million, up to 32 million employees?    Chairman Chaffetz. So when did the hackers first gain access to OPM's network? The ones we just learned about? Maybe Ms. Seymour is in a better position to answer that. Either one of you. If you know what the timeline is on that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The ones that we just learned about?    Chairman Chaffetz. I am sorry, that happened in what timeframe?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Ms. Seymour, I think you were going to say something.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is it possible that when they took this blueprint--I call it the keys to the kingdom--that that would have potentially aided the hackers in coming back into the system and stealing these millions of records?    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Barron-DiCamillo, did they include any proprietary information, anything that was----    Chairman Chaffetz. Did the hackers have access to be able to see the information regarding personal employees?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ms. Seymour--or let me ask Ms. Archuleta. If Ms. Seymour was responsible for safeguarding the PII, as we call it, information in 2014, who do you hold responsible for its loss today?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. It's been a long morning and into the afternoon. I thank you all. You all represent a number of people that have a lot of staff, people who work hard. They are patriotic. They care about this country. To that extent, please let them know how much we appreciate them and all that you are doing. But we will have somebody help you know where the restroom is. It's been a while.    So, again, thank you for your participation today. We stand adjourned.