    Mr. Powner. Yeah. Probably the key area is data center consolidation. Right now we have 9----    Mr. Powner. Data center consolidation. We have 9,700 data centers, of which about 4,000 are planned to be closed. We have accomplished about 1,200 closures to date and about $1.5 billion in savings, but there's still about $6 billion on the table. So when the comptroller mentions 60 more billion in savings, you could get $6 billion right from data centers alone.    Mr. Powner. Well, actually, there's a lot of repurposing of jobs. The other thing, too, is some of these centers are rather small centers where there's portions of FTEs that are associated with that, so it's not all jobs going away.    Mr. Powner. But, again, we only have 10 percent utilization on an average government server. That's nowhere near the industry standard of 60, and we need to do something about that.    Mr. Powner. Yes. So PortfolioStat really tackles duplicative what we refer to as commodity IT or business systems. And if you look at--there are about 200 initiatives across all the departments and agencies where we could save an additional probably $2 to $3 billion. The numbers fluctuate at times.    But in addition to the data center savings of $7.5, there's roughly $2 to $3 billion in that range. And there's already been many accomplishments to date that, I think, Beth mentioned in her statement on the savings to date with PortfolioStat. So we've gotten out of the gate well, but there's still a lot on the table. And that's where the recent legislation that this committee sponsored is critical to drive this home to closure so that we accomplish all those savings.    Mr. Powner. Yeah. That is true. There's still room for improvement. In fact, we're issuing another report on PortfolioStat this Thursday, and it's going to talk about additional steps that need to occur.    One of the things that's critical here is OMB's oversight as well as congressional oversight with FITARA is critical because agencies, they get out of the gate real aggressively and then, over time, you actually--you start to see that the savings that are planned aren't actually accomplished. So, OMB's oversight and the Congress's oversight with FITARA and the reporting will be essential.    Mr. Powner. Yeah. The key here starts with the inventories, Congresswoman. Our work has showed that when we looked at software licensing, out of the 24 agencies only 2 had a complete inventory. We had 22 agencies that did not have a complete inventory. So--and there's a big effort afoot, part of OMB's efforts with portfolio, start looking at application, rationalization, what do we have on our servers, inventorying all that. So it wouldn't be surprising if you had many licenses that we don't even know they're getting renewed. There's huge opportunities here. There's pockets of success. DHS went through some really nice efforts where they saved hundreds of millions of dollars. There's hundreds of millions of dollars on the table if we did this right, but we really don't know what we have right now collectively.    Mr. Powner. So they have one of the largest backlogs of FOIA requests. So if you start with that, you want to streamline operations. So if you look at what USCIS does at CBP, they have an agreement where they don't duplicate efforts. And what we looked at we saw a situation where ICE and USCIS they were duplicating. So our recommendation was really to follow that memorandum of agreement that USCIS and CBP has in place, and that would actually help the backlog.    Mr. Powner. I think a lot of it's just a history of how they've done it in the past and culture and bureaucracy on how they process that information. It's their information so they want to process it instead of letting another organization do it. That's what CBP does with USCIS is they say it's okay for the USCIS to process the FOIA requests using our data, where ICE doesn't have that level of comfort.    Mr. Powner. Not to date. Not to date. That was a recent report that we issued, but we're continuing to----    Mr. Powner. Correct. And our recommendation is to replicate that agreement that those two organizations have----    Mr. Powner. No. There was some back and forth about was it actually duplicative or not and some hand wringing there, but the issue here is they both process some of the same FOIA requests. There is duplication, there's an opportunity to reduce it by having that agreement. This is a pretty straightforward issue. This is really a simple one.    Mr. Powner. They did at one time.    Mr. Powner. It expired, yes, and they have not revisited that. So this is very straightforward.    Mr. Powner. I'm not--I'll have to get you a status for the record. I'm not aware of the working group, so we'll get back to you on that.    Mr. Powner. Sure.