    Mr. Kolesnikov. Kolesnikov.    Mr. Kolesnikov. Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen, I am speaking here not in the capacity of an academic or a politician, but as a person who was directly impacted by a system of the Russian corruption. Furthermore, I had a unique chance to observe this system from within and made a conscious choice not to become a part of it. I am not going to delve into details of my case, since it was well described in the article by Mr. David Ignatius of 2010, which is included in your package.    I should add that once I realized that the whole scheme was illegal and sent all the paperwork to then-President Medvedev, my life was put under threat. And if not for a timely warning, I would probably have ended up just like Sergei Magnitsky, except you would have never heard my name. I love Russia. It is my homeland. But because of my story, I was forced to leave it and live abroad.    What I would like to speak about is my firsthand experience of working closely with senior Russian officials and explain why Russian corruption is much more dangerous for the world and for the U.S. interests than corruption in Eastern and Central Europe and other nations of the world.    Indeed, corruption is all-pervasive because it is a part of the human nature. It exists in France, Great Britain, Germany, and even the United States. However, as Aristotle and Hegel pointed out, it is the category of measure which makes the key difference between good and evil.    The scale of corruption which permeated all levels of government, top down to the lowest ones, creates a perilous precedent of the major nuclear power where the whole chain of command over the weapons of mass destruction is a part of a vertically organized criminal system. Corruption in Russia is the cement which keeps the vertical of power together.    Investigation by Alexey Navalny's Fund Against Corruption, many other journalists' investigations in Russia and abroad, for example the Panama Papers, clearly demonstrated the corruptness of the Russian Government officials on all levels of power. Billions of dollars were discovered in the accounts belonging to the friends of the President, relatives of the members of the government, governors, and many other officials.    Recent broadly publicized arrests of Russian governors, police, and military generals, and even that of the minister of economy, is not an indication of an anticorruption campaign, but of an internecine fight of clans for access to the budget.    Corruption causes bad management and inept economic policies, which in turn creates social and economic instability in the superpower with nuclear weapons. Steep decline of level of life in Russia needs to be justified. The Russian Government resorted to a time-tested method of distracting its population by creating an image of an external enemy. And the enemy is the United States and its Western allies.    Two days ago, an official spokesman for the Russian Defense Ministry, General Konoshenkov, stated, to paraphrase, that the blood of the Russian servicemen is on the hands of the United States and its allies, who have created and are supporting the terrorists.    Ladies and gentlemen, I am not a politician. In the last 5 years, I have built a successful business in Europe. The reason for me accepting your invitation and speaking here is a desire to see my children's, all children's future in a safe and secure world, not imperiled by the actions of corrupt government.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Kolesnikov. The main task of the Russian politicians who run the country right now today is to stay in power as long as they can. They perceive Russia as the source of their wealth; however, they prefer to live, to reside abroad, in Europe and the United States.    They are perfectly aware that their money, that their wealth can be safely protected only in a democratic country based on the rule of law. Therefore, they try, they do their best to wire their money to democratic countries, being perfectly aware that in Russia at any moment they can be taken.    Mr. Kolesnikov. The main problem of Russia is that it is a very wealthy country, and the main source of income, of revenues, are the natural resources of Russia, as well the factories and enterprises which were built by the whole Russian nation.    After the Soviet Union collapsed, practically all the properties and all the natural resources ended up in the hands of a very small group of people. And in order to pump out the money out of the country and wire to the West, you need to have control, you need to control power. In any democratic country where you have freedom of speech and free media and free elections, it would not be possible, where you have courts and when the rule of law--the law is above everything else.    Mr. Kolesnikov. I would like to point out that there is a very simple and clear mechanism to fight corruption, which is to provide the population with the truth, with the true information.    In Russia, this doesn't exist today. The majority of Russians consume their information from TV, and the TV channels never, ever reveal any cases of serious corruption among the government and the people close to the government. Instead, the TV channels every day nails in the head of Russians the same message, that our life gets worse, it is not our fault, it is not because of us, it is because of the external enemy. And today, they have chosen this enemy, which is the United States.    This is a very dangerous trend because many people in Russia today sincerely believe that the United States and European countries are true enemies of Russia.    Ten years ago or 5 years ago nobody could have even fathomed the idea that there are going to be tank battles in the center of Europe and 10,000 people are going to be killed in fighting in Ukraine. However, it happened, and it happened because the information channels created the picture of an enemy.    Many Russians sincerely volunteered to go to Ukraine and fight against Nazis, against fascism. We live today in a very interesting new world where information wars are becoming no less dangerous than real wars. You have two options. You can kill a man or you can change his mentality, you can change his consciousness, and the effect is going to be the same.    And referring to the sanctions, I should say, yes, the sanctions have a great impact on Russia today. And my only point is that any sanctions should have a very specific goal. If they are vague and ambiguous, they are not clear.    Mr. Kolesnikov. Yes.    Mr. Kolesnikov. Yes.    Mr. Kolesnikov. Yes.    Mr. Kolesnikov. I brought with me my skills and my experience, which is the crucial thing in business. If you manage to build a business, successful business, in such a difficult country like Russia, in a normal democratic country, it is way easier than that.    Mr. Kolesnikov. I can assure you that today the true entrepreneurs in Russia, people who build a business with their own hands and their brains, using their own skills and experience, their biggest dream is to have democracy in Russia where the courts are working properly and when the law is observed.    Mr. Kolesnikov. You know that probably you are perfectly aware that many Russian business people, scientists, researchers, they actually found in the United States a second home.    Mr. Kolesnikov. You touched a very important issue, but today there is a very simple situation. Those of us, those people who would like to explain to Russians how it works and why it is worth, they have no ability, no opportunity to say that. In Russia, as I said earlier, the government, the corrupt government controls all the TV channels, which from dusk to dawn try to instill the same idea into the heads of Russian people: It is not our fault that we have bad life, it is enemies, external enemy. And the idea of the enemy is repeated over and over in talk shows and all kinds of different TV programs.    Mr. Kolesnikov. Thank you very much.    Mr. Kolesnikov. If we are going to be referring to the Magnitsky law, I believe that this is a more powerful tool than a bunch of nuclear submarines which the United States has in the world oceans, because this is the first specific language which says that if a government official steals money or violates human rights, he or she could be punished. It is not assured that he is going to be punished, but can be punished.    Mr. Kolesnikov. The Magnitsky case is not that difficult. The taxes were paid, but then the taxes were stolen from the national budget by investigators, by people who put Magnitsky in jail.    Mr. Kolesnikov. I agree that the business which Mr. Browder made his billions in Russia was not pretty, but he did it in a legal way, and he did pay his taxes, and then he removed his money out of Russia, probably because he sensed some kind of threat that he might not be able to take this money.    Again, I am not saying that I find Mr. Browder's business in Russia pretty, but we should make it very clear, was it legal or illegal?    Mr. Kolesnikov. Well, the name of this act, after all, is just a name. What counts is the essence. Eventually you can change the title any time.    Mr. Kolesnikov. The reason why I left Russia was specifically because I was alerted that the false accusations were going to be trumped up against me. The drugs were supposed to be placed in my car, I was supposed to be arrested for possession of drugs, put in jail, and then you can easily figure out what could happen to me in jail. And the reason why it should have had happened was because I rejected to work in this illegal framework where I was suggested to take part.    After I sent the documents to--all the paperwork to President Medvedev and they became public, I got many threats. But there is only so much you can do about it. It was my civic duty, it was the position of a citizen and patriot of my country, and I do not regret what I did.    Mr. Kolesnikov. Yes.    Mr. Kolesnikov. The Petromed case is quite in detail described on my Web site and the articles written about my case, and anybody who is--because there are too many details, anybody can check and see it. It is going to take about 15, 20 minutes for me to provide all the details about the case, which I am afraid is going to be too long for this venue. And Mr. Ignatius in his article set out most crucial elements of this case. If you have any specific questions, I am ready to answer.    Mr. Kolesnikov. I should say that I see eye to eye with Mr. Vejvoda. I completely agree. And I have been to Ukraine three times this year, and I have very close relations with my Ukrainian business partners.    The key difference between Ukraine and Russia is, number one, there is true real freedom of speech in Ukraine, they have true real elections in Ukraine, and they have real civil society in Ukraine, which took shape now and which does not want to live in a corrupt society.    I spoke to many Ukrainians on the street, and they are completely different than Russians because they freely express their opinions. They openly admit that, yes, we have corrupt government officials, yes, we have corrupt legislators, we are perfectly aware of it, but we can change the situation and we will change the situation. That is the biggest difference.