    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank the witnesses.    In reviewing this Memorandum and the mitigation plan, I have heard in the questioning here this morning the number of times that you have talked about using the discretion, taking it under advisement on the implementation of this. And, I was looking at the Department of the Interior Department Manual. I guess it is 600DM6. And under 6.6, which is titled, ``Principles,'' the manual talks about, ``Such use includes authority to decline authorization of projects if applicants cannot adequately mitigate impacts to levels required to achieve established goals.''    And when I look at that, it seems to me that you can object any plan or project, based on what is in that language, if it does not achieve your goals. That, to me, seems to conflict with what you are saying here. Can you talk about that?    Mr. LaHood. And, when you say that authority, that authority is based on that provision I just read if it does not meet the goal, correct?    Mr. LaHood. Then why would you need to have this language in there?    Mr. LaHood. Yes. I guess, with all due respect, it seems that that language--again, that is in this manual--is kind of an umbrella policy for anything. You could say that about any time it is denied or approved it could be under that auspices. Is that fair to say?    Mr. LaHood. Let me move to another area here. Under this Memorandum, your agencies are directed to write regulations to implement the new ``net benefit no net loss standard for mitigation.'' Yet, this standard is not found in the laws that govern Federal land use, such as the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, which requires projects to cause ``no unnecessary or undue degradation of the lands and their resources'' to be approved.    I guess, in looking at this, does that mean that this Memo has effectively raised the bar for what it takes to get a permit beyond the standards set forth in law by Congress? I guess that is to you, Ms. Goldfuss.    Mr. LaHood. What assurances can you give that this does not raise the bar?    Mr. LaHood. Well, I mean, in looking at the clear language of the law there, and what it says----    Mr. LaHood. I understand that. But in looking at what it takes to get a permit, it looks like it goes beyond the standards set forth by Congress.    Mr. LaHood. I guess I wish I had more confidence in that.    Looking at the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, or other statutes that require Federal lands to be managed for multiple uses--but when I look at this Memorandum, it would allow for only the approval of uses that meet the level of ``net benefit, no net loss.'' I guess, therefore, doesn't this policy represent a movement away from the multiple use principles that have guided Federal land and water management?    Mr. LaHood. I get----    Mr. LaHood. And last, in the end, though, the provision I mentioned at the beginning, if it does not achieve the goal, there is still discretion there to reject it or accept it.    Mr. LaHood. Thank you.