    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So I don't know if you could answer the first part of this question, which is if you are going to go to cash, how do you determine where to do that? Is it based on whether our commodities are undermining a legitimate agriculture market that might be in that country? I don't know exactly how that is done, but the more relevant question is in areas that need assistance, and need cash, are probably the most corrupt areas that there are. And how are you going to ever deal with that? You have indications of not being able to get this through the problems in those countries, and that is where it is most needed. Is there ever going to be a solution in those countries that you can rely on?    Mr. Peterson. What?    Mr. Peterson. And that is done in every case?    Mr. Peterson. That hasn't been done, necessarily?    Mr. Peterson. So it is not going to be a requirement?    Mr. Peterson. It will be?    Mr. Peterson. I don't know how many of these countries have a viable ag system. They have so many problems in terms of lack of marketplace, and infrastructure, and too small of farms, and all kinds of other problems. Is that taken into consideration when you decide what kind of aid is going into these countries? Because I have heard complaints that our commodities going in undermine the existing--or undermine anything that is getting developed there. And in the long term we would want those countries to be able to feed themselves. And I have not been to Africa much, but when I have been there, it is apparent to me that they have the land and the water, that they could feed themselves, if they could just straighten out all the other problems.    Mr. Peterson. Anybody else have any comments?    Mr. Peterson. I was in Haiti earlier this year, and I was at one of these research facilities, where they had a USAID guy that was trying to develop varieties to grow there. I don't know how come, but, he couldn't get help to determine how to find the seed in the varieties that he was trying to grow in these test plants. And I had to hook him up with some people that I knew in the U.S.    Why can't the bureaucracy get that kind of information to people out there that--I mean, he was doing the right thing, but it seemed like he couldn't get any help from anybody to get what he needed?    Mr. Peterson. You----    Mr. Peterson. Well, 5, 6 years seems like a lot of time to me, but----    Mr. Peterson. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mrs. Hartzler?