    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the panel for being here.    This week, my colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle began unveiling a policy, as was mentioned earlier, an agenda that is intended to tackle some of our country's biggest challenges. The first plank of our initiative looks at ways to address poverty, and SNAP is a key part of our safety net to serve and support the most vulnerable and make sure that that is the population we really and intentionally meet the needs of.    Our initiative is aimed at lifting people out of poverty and onto the ladder of opportunity, and so, Commissioner Mayhew, I was especially struck in your testimony, your personal testimony, about the lessons your family passed on to you about the value of hard work, depression-era, not you ----    Mr. Walberg. I was going to bring that up again. I think you mentioned it was voluntary.    Mr. Walberg. So what is the problem the Federal Government is giving on that then if ----    Mr. Walberg. To not do it even though you were permitted to do it by law?    Mr. Walberg. Well, I guess that is ----    Mr. Walberg. Excuse me. Excuse me.    Mr. Concannon.--the record to show that.    Mr. Walberg. Excuse me. Excuse me. I was asking Ms. Mayhew. I would like a full or description then if I could, Mr. Chairman, of what the pushback was. It indicated in the constraints of the law itself, but what were you violating according to them?    Mr. Walberg. I appreciate that. My time is expired, but, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate you giving me that extra time because it is frustrating to hear of a State that is attempting to do something that seems to be having some positive impact, trying to do an option that they have available from Federal Government, continually push back. And again the perspective seems to have come already even in testimony that while it is an option, yet the feds don't want it to be an option. So I hope we get further information as we move along, but thank you.