    Admiral Locklear. Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman Sanchez, and distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today with Secretary Wormuth and General Scaparrotti, who I work very closely with both of them. Before we begin I would like to ask that my written testimony be submitted for the record.    For more than 3 years I have had the honor and the privilege of leading the exceptional men and women, military and civilian, of the United States Pacific Command . These volunteers are skilled professionals dedicated to defense of our Nation. They are serving as superb ambassadors to represent the values and strengths that make our Nation what it is: great. I want to go on record to formally thank our service members, civilians, and their families for their sacrifices.    USPACOM continues to strengthen alliances and partnerships, maintain an assured presence in the region, and demonstrate U.S. intent and resolve to safeguard our U.S. national interest. When I spoke to you last year I highlighted my concern for several issues that could challenge the security environment across the Indo-Asia-Pacific. Those challenges included responding to humanitarian assistance and disaster relief events; dealing with an increasingly dangerous and unpredictable North Korea, a challenge that General Scaparrotti and I remain aligned in addressing; a continued escalation of complex territorial disputes; increasing regional transnational threats; and the complexity associated with China's continuous rise.    In the past years these challenges have not eased. They will not go away soon. But the Asia rebalance strategy is and has taken hold. It is achieving its intended goals.    However, the greatest challenge remains the continued physical uncertainty resulting from sequestration. If the Budget Control Act remains in force, the greatest challenge in the Indo-Asia-Pacific will be dealing with the consequences to the security of our national interest as we respond to a rapidly changing world. I echo the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, and the service chiefs' testimony before Congress. Our Nation is being forced into a resource-driven national security strategy instead of one properly resourced and driven by our enduring national interest.    In the Indo-Asia-Pacific we are accepting more risk, not less. Sequestration will force harmful reductions in force size, structure, and readiness that will reduce my ability to manage crisis space and provide options to the President and the Congress, and diminishes United States prestige and credibility in the region and around the globe.    In the last year, at great expense to the readiness of the surge forces' position in the continental United States, USPACOM has maintained its forward forces, focused on protecting the homeland, deterring aggressors, such as North Korea, strengthening alliances and partnerships, and developing the concepts and capabilities required for us to remain dominant in a world that is growing in complexity with threats that continually increase against a seemingly unending stream of constraints.    Without adequate resources, we will be forced to make difficult choices today that will have strategic consequences to our future.    I would like to thank the committee for your continued interest and support. I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you, sir.    General.    General Scaparrotti. Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman Sanchez, and distinguished members of the committee, I am honored to testify today as the Commander of the United Nations Command, Combined Forces Command, and United States Forces Korea, and also alongside Admiral Locklear and Under Secretary Wormuth. On behalf of the service members, civilians, contractors, and their families who serve our great Nation in the Republic of Korea, one of our most important allies, thank you for your support. I have prepared some brief opening remarks and I thank you for submitting them to the record.    Last year, I testified that the combined and joint forces of the United States and the Republic of Korea were capable and ready to deter, and if necessary, respond to North Korean threats and actions. Due to our accomplishments in 2014, I report to you that our strong alliance is more capable of addressing the rapidly evolving and increasingly asymmetric North Korean threat.    In recent years, North Korea has aggressively developed and utilized asymmetric capabilities, such as cyber warfare, nuclear weapons, and ballistic missiles to advance its interests. To put this in perspective over time, in 2012, my predecessor noted North Korea's advancements in cyber and nuclear capabilities during his opening statement to this committee. A year later, North Korea conducted cyber attacks on South Korea's banks and broadcasting stations. And in 2014, they boldly projected their cyber capabilities against Sony Pictures in the United States, in an effort to inflict economic damage and suppress free speech.    This example represents a trend that is persistent across several North Korean asymmetric capabilities. My top concern is that we will have little to no warning of a North Korean asymmetric provocation, which could start a cycle of action and counteraction, leading to unintended escalation. This underscores the need for the alliance to maintain a high level of readiness and vigilance.    Last year, the alliance took significant steps in improving its capabilities and capacities that deter aggression and to reduce its operational risk. But our work is not done. In 2015, we will maintain this momentum by focusing on my top priority, sustaining and strengthening the alliance, with an emphasis on our combined readiness. This includes ensuring the rapid flow of ready forces into Korea in the early phases of hostilities and improving our ISR capabilities and critical munitions.    Based on the national security strategies of both our nations, the United States will continue to be a steadfast strategic partner to South Korea, and South Korea is poised to be a long-lasting and important ally to America. Our enduring military partnership in South Korea is the preeminent example of bilateral security cooperation and a visible element of American leadership and our Nation's commitment to the Asia-Pacific region.    The men and women serving on freedom's frontier, defending the Republic of Korea remain thankful for this committee's unwavering support in prioritizing resources that enable us to defend our national interests in Asia, while advancing universal values and international order.    I am extremely proud of our service members, civilians, and their families serving in the Republic of Korea, who never lose sight of the fact that they are at freedom's frontier, defending one of our most important allies and vital American interests.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I want to ask, Admiral and General, each of you, about this issue of technological superiority. I mentioned Under Secretary Kendall has testified that our technological superiority that we have enjoyed for years is eroding, and we have had many other witnesses support that. There are a variety of factors that have played into it, what we have done to ourselves with budget cuts, a procurement process that cannot keep up with changes in technology, the fact that some of our competitors have stolen incredible amounts of information from us and benefitted from it. I mean, all of these things, and probably others, contribute to it.    But, each of you are responsible for dealing with the world today as we find it and being prepared with plans and contingencies and using the forces that we have today. So I would be interested, as a combatant commander, as a commander responsible for a key area of the world, are you concerned about these trends in technology and our ability to keep up? Are there some areas that concern you more than others given your area of responsibility? And are there suggestions you have about how we, the United States, could and should adjust to meet these changes? Kind of a broad picture of what it is like from your end, as warfighting commanders.    Admiral.    Admiral Locklear. Well, thank you, sir.    Over my career, my observation is that when we were dealing with the Soviet Union in the Cold War, that we had a concerted effort as a military to have that technological edge that really provided a great, a tremendous amount of benefit and allowed us to prevail, I think, during that time.    As we entered the last part of this past century and we started efforts in the Middle East, we predominantly were dealing with wars and events that--where we had such a large technological superiority, that it didn't--we had air dominance, we had undersea dominance, we had dominance in every area. And that was good, I think, and we used that dominance.    But during that time I think that our priorities for watching what the rest of the world was doing as countries came along that had the ability and the desire to want to improve their militaries and improve their technological capabilities, that we kind of took a little bit of a break and didn't make the types of investments that we needed to make. So during that time our relative superiority, I think, has declined, and continues to decline.    Some of the reasons for that I think are because countries have more money to spend. There is a greater proliferation of technology. Some of it has been stolen through intellectual property. Some of it has been sold around the world in different venues that you are all aware of.    The other thing that makes it challenging for us is our general vulnerability. I mean, when it comes to the Asia-Pacific, we are a Pacific nation, but we are also an island nation. So we rely very heavily on power projection, which means we have to be able to get forces forward, to sustain them forward, and we rely heavily on systems that several decades ago weren't even known about or thought about too much, and that really exists now in the cyber world and the space world, which unveils, if we are not careful, will unveil vulnerabilities that we have to pace with technological advancements.    To the degree of how we address these, what is important for me is making sure that the forces we have, number one, can--are dominant. You never want to go into any crisis or even in deterrence to try to manage a situation where the force is not dominant. It needs to be technologically superior across multiple domains. So if you start at the top and you go from space, to cyber, to air, to integrated air and missile defense, to sea, maritime, to subsurface maritime, there is technological challenges as all of the militaries in the world get better in these domains, that we must continue to pace for us to be able to be relevant in the domains that allow us to project U.S. power in defense of U.S. interests.    Now, in the buildup to this Presidential budget submission, I made it clear through a series of processes in the Pentagon, the types of key areas where we need to maintain our focus on technological advancement, and I think most of those were adequately--accurately--represented in Secretary Kendall's testimony. And I think that if the President's budget is supported in those areas, that it will continue to get at the types of technological advances that are critical for us to stay forward and to protect U.S. interests in the Asia-Pacific.    General Scaparrotti. Mr. Chairman, I would echo what Admiral Locklear had to say, particularly on the peninsula. You discussed earlier the asymmetric capabilities that are being developed by North Korea. Really, as they develop those asymmetric capabilities, they are specifically orienting on what they consider to be some of our vulnerabilities, and through their development they are trying to close our dominance, basically. And so we have to continue to develop our capabilities, to change our posture, our concepts, our employment in order to ensure that we maintain dominance.    The last thing I would say in a peninsula is because we are operating on a peninsula, it is a relatively small theater. Air and naval dominance is very important to the agility that I have on the peninsula itself if we have a crisis. So all of those things are things that I think about quite often.    And finally, the specific asymmetric capabilities that I think about the most is the ballistic missile capability North Korea possesses and our continued ability to be able to counter that.    And then finally, on ISR. Many of our adversaries are becoming more proficient in determining how to work inside of our capabilities, our intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities, and also how to use deception and other means in order to limit that advantage that we have today.    The Chairman. It seems to me in no area of the world is it more true that a loss of technological superiority means increased risk to American lives than on the Korean Peninsula. So I think that is another way to keep in mind.    Ms. Sanchez.    Admiral Locklear. Well, thank you, sir. It is my assessment that we remain the most dominant military power in the world from all aspects. And I think that there is hardly a country--there is not a country in the world that would disagree with that today, even though I think they would recognize that the relative parity of our relative gap between how good we are versus how some of the other forces may be developing is shrinking.    In the case of the maritime forces that you have talked about with the PRC , they are on an aggressive strategy, an aggressive shipbuilding campaign. They seem to have limited restrictions on how fast they can produce systems, how fast they can produce ships, submarines. And they are producing what I would consider to be pretty good ships and submarines.    But I still believe that we remain and we have the best ships. We have clearly the best ships, the best submarines, the best aircraft carriers, and the best people running them in the world. So I am generally pretty good in that case.    But when it comes to dealing day to day in the Asia-Pacific, what I require, first of all, we have a forward-deployed force that operates with our host nations--Japan, Korea--operates extensively in that region. And that force needs to be ready, because it is not only ready for day to day to maintaining the deterrent oversight security of the region, but it is also critical to ensure that we are prepared for a quick reaction if we have to do something in North Korea.    So those forces need to be ready. They need to be the best that we have. They need to be of the highest technical capability that we have. And to the degree that we can get host--continue to get good host nation support, which I think we have today, we need to pursue that.    Admiral Locklear. Yeah. In the electronic warfare arena, I think that we are, because we have operated in environments, as I have said in earlier statements, around the globe that--where we have limited denied area through electronic means, I think our electronic warfare capability has diminished, has not kept pace with where we need to be in the future. And we are taking some steps to take a harder look at how we get at electronic warfare.    Of course, as you talk about electronic warfare then it starts to get into the whole cyber issues, which are now being--we are working hard to try to determine how we best defend our cyber assets, how we organize ourselves to do that, how we train a workforce to be able to do that. And that is all part of the President's budget that has come forward that gets at those particular issues.    Admiral Locklear. Well, thank you, sir. Your--the two pictures you showed I think were accurate, the way I understand it. The Chinese are engaging in a comprehensive military modernization program that wants to transform not only the PLA into a high-end kind of network-centric military capable of large-scale operations--we have talked about that--but they are also working on the lower end to ensure that they have a maritime security force, which we would equate to a Coast Guard or a fisheries patrol, that by numbers, you add up all their numbers and everybody else's in Asia, in that category they exceed everybody else's put together.    And I think that they went down that path after they saw what was happening in the Senkakus. They took some of the gray hulls, and we observed them, shipped those over to be what they would call noncombatants or maritime patrol ships by maybe just changing the color of them.    They show no slowdown in the pace of their military modernization, particularly in their Navy, even though their economy has dropped a little bit. They are still on about a 10 percent increase in 2014; 2015, it will be a little bit more. That is the fifth straight year we have seen them do double-digit increases.    Of course, their military is, on the high end prepares for issues around Taiwan and what they would call their near seas. Their maritime security are put in a position to be able to gain influence, particularly in the South China Sea and in the East China Sea, to further their, what they consider their national interests there.    Now, they are doing this in combination with what we have seen to be a fairly massive land reclamation in the Spratly Islands and upgrades to facilities in the Paracel Islands, which are the two regions in the South China Sea.    Now, the implications of that for us are that it provides an ability for them to deploy more of these lower-end ships down there, provides ability to base them down there, to resupply them. It allows them to exert basically greater influence over what is now a contested area. Its expanded land features down there also could eventually lead to the deployment of things such as long-range radars, military and advanced missile systems, and it might be a platform for them if they ever wanted to establish an air defense, an ADIZ , an air defense zone down there for them to be able to enforce that from.    Up to this point in time, the nations around them, the Southeast Asian claimants have really had little success in formulating an effective response to the PRC actions down there. None of their efforts have slowed the PRC in the South China Sea. And they recognize that stopping the PRC would require a change in the strategic environment down there.    So what are the types of things that we need to do down there? First, the forces we need to stay forward. We need to have the types of intelligence and search, ISR assets that allow us to maintain our knowledge of what is going on. These are globally stressed because of the things that we are doing in Afghanistan and in Iraq and in Yemen, and those--many of those assets are similar in type to ones we would use in that arena. So we need to ensure that we can sense and see what is going on because it allows me to optimally use the forces that we have.    Admiral Locklear. Absolutely, sir.    Admiral Locklear. Well, thanks for the question.    It is clear that for us to be as far forward as we are, that we need to have adequate facilities to be able to train and keep our forces ready at the high end. So it requires, I think, a multipronged strategy. One is, you mentioned first, is your home, is in Guam, is ensuring that the Guam plan that we have for the relocation of the Marines there stays on track, and we really appreciate the support of this committee in doing that as we go forward. And it is on track.    As we look at the entire Guam complex and bringing those Marines there, we envision, with the support of the Marianas Islands, the Northern Marianas Islands' governments up there to be able to put in place a range up there that allows not only us to keep our marines that are there ready, but also could bring other nations into play in that strategic part of the world for us to be able to learn together and train together and maximize the opportunity for interoperability between our militaries.    It is also very important that in Alaska, that we get the range systems in Alaska correct and we maintain those, because that is where we get much of our high-end training, in those ranges in Alaska.    As you know, we are also working very closely with our allies in Australia, and in Northern Australia for having access to those really magnificent, broad ranges that are there so that we can work together with them.    So I think that we have a good plan if we can bring it all together.    Admiral Locklear. Well, the guidelines process is ongoing, and we anticipate that later this year that the guidelines will be completed and signed.    Admiral Locklear. And what we--the real key to the guidelines is making sure that, first of all, that we militarily, both countries recognize the importance the alliance. This is one of the most important alliances in the world, for not only Japan, but for the United States, but also for the region, and ensuring that we get this right and that we are able to go forward in a military way that provides the peace and security and prosperity for the region for both countries is important. And it starts to get at more specifics of how we are going to do that. And it also forces, I think in this case, or encourages the Japanese to kind of look at how they view the alliance and how they are going to participate as we go forward.    Admiral Locklear. If it remains in place, in general, in short, you will have less force, that are less ready, that are less technologically capable in an increasingly technological environment.    Admiral Locklear. Well, thank you, Congresswoman.    We are working closely with our fellow COCOM in CENTCOM to actually have a, try to get a better sense of this phenomenon of foreign fighters that would be moving out of predominantly Asia, Southeast Asia.    They come from a broad range of countries. It wouldn't--you know if you took a look at the list, it would surprise you, it wouldn't be what you thought. They come from a number of different places. We are not sure how many of them are dedicated fighters that go forward or are they just kind of wannabes that kind of trundle over there and decide they want to sign up for a new cause.    And the numbers that are coming back, we don't have good fidelity on that at this point in time. But what it has done, it has opened up our information-sharing with all the countries in the region that are concerned about this problem, which all of them are. And this isn't just a mil to mil , this is a whole of government, agency, FBI , those types of agencies are working hard on the problem.    So the implications for Asia, in this, is if you just kind of just add up the number of Islam that is in Asia, it greatly overwhelms the number that are in the Middle East. So there is probably 400 million-plus, I would just say, just kind of making an estimate off it.    Now, the difference is that they are generally moderate and they are less, I think, susceptible to violent extremism. And they have good governments, most of them do. They have better security environments that can monitor what is going on in the countries. So I think these are advantages that the Asia-Pacific has that might not be available in all countries in the Middle East.    So what we have is an opportunity here. We have an opportunity to assist them, to assist each other, to improve our information-sharing networks to see where this type is going, and then to be more predictable rather than reactive should it occur in the theater, and we are making good inroads in that.    Admiral Locklear. If you let me take that for the record, I would, and I will provide you a complete answer.    Admiral Locklear. Well, certainly any increase of military forces by the PRC require us to think through: Are the forces we have adequate to be able to understand what is going on day to day?    In the case of their SSBN forces, it becomes a homeland security, homeland defense issue, that will require resources for us to try to understand it and try to ensure that our country remains safe under all scenarios.    In the case of aircraft carriers, I believe primarily they will use aircraft carriers for--just like we do, to project power. That is one of the deficiencies I think they are trying to overcome now, is the projection of power, and that may have, down the road could have global implications, and it will just put further stress on the ISR assets we have and it will change the calculus on how we might deal with any contingencies down the road.    Admiral Locklear. I do.    Admiral Locklear. Well, I would refer specific questions of that back to the Navy, because it is their internal workings. But my observation, it is of a historical nature. It was put that way because of the way that our fleets are laid down globally, and the significant influence that the Pacific Fleet has in the power projection of U.S. interest into what is over half the world. And I believe that there have been historic benefits to having that divide be there.    Admiral Locklear. Thank you.    As I previously laid out, you know we have a series of ranges that we need to support our forward forces. During that dialogue I did not mention Hawaii and I should have because that is where I live and where I breathe and where we have tremendous requirements.    So in the case of the ranges on the Big Island, I am a supporter of moving forward with those ranges. We are in need of those if we intend to maintain a forward footprint of Marines and Army personnel in Hawaii, which I very fully support a robust presence there.    The PMRF missile facility or missile range out there is a premier facility in the world as far as I am concerned, and that the investments will need to be made to keep it such. It has access to open space and open airways and open sea space that allow us to do, from Missile Defense Agency to all the other services, to be able do the right testing and evaluation of those systems that allow us to be relevant in the 21st century.    Admiral Locklear. Yes, sir. This is a high priority for me because we very much respect the opportunity to be in Hawaii and to have these facilities there.    The need for fuel--I mean, the PACOM commander and the forces that are under me, I think, are the largest user of petroleum products probably in the world on any given day, and they have to be distributed throughout a vast area on only a very small number of nodes to be able to get at it.    And, historically, the Red Hill facility has provided a huge strategic reserve in case something happens out here. And I anticipate we are going to need that strategic reserve for a number of decades. I can't put an end state on it, but it will be a number of decades before we have visibility on how we might address that with different types of fuels or different types of forces.    So what we have done is, once we discovered that there was a potential leak in a couple of the tanks, we took immediate action to ensure there wasn't any damage to the water systems, and we have a comprehensive plan that both DLA and my staff have brought back to the legislature in Hawaii. I am happy to have somebody come brief you on that if you desire.    But I think at this point in time we are in general agreement on the way forward that it is a good sound plan and it does what you indicated, it protects the environment of such a beautiful State.    Admiral Locklear. It is a critically important capability in the ISR world, also in the battle management world, particularly when you operate in potentially contested environments, where other parts of your command and control may be under cyber attack or space attack. Having an aircraft that is manned that has that ability to have that functionality and thinking work is good.    I understand the Air Force's need to recap , and so we have to manage the risk on how they bring the new systems forward. Manned versus unmanned. I think there--my concern right now is that we don't have the technology able to put everything we need to in an unmanned system. I think that is what the Air Force is probably grappling with. So what would not be beneficial to me or to General Scaparrotti would be a replacement system that didn't replace it.    Admiral Locklear. Well, thank you, sir, and thanks for your visit to PACOM. It was good for us.    If you take a look at the Asia-Pacific today, my AOR is about 52 percent of the world, 36 nations. Of those nations, there's--seven of them are key allies. I mean five of them are key allies. We only have seven defense treaties and five of them are there, and they--we believe that they are historic and they will go forward and be important for the future.    Today, about 6 out of 10 people alive live in the Asia-Pacific. My AOR, if you just characterize it as 83 percent water, 17 percent land, and on that 17 percent of the land, 6 out of every 10 people alive live there. Eventually, if the population goes to 10 billion like we expect it to, roughly, before it caps out, it will go to about 7 out of every 10 people. That is going to be the economic engine of the world. I think Secretary Carter in his speech to, the other day in Arizona pointed out, I think there is about half a billion middle-class consumers in the Asia-Pacific. And by 2030, he predicted in his speech, it would go to 3 billion.    So this is where the people who are going to have money are going to be spending it in a global economy, and that global economy is where I want my four grandsons to be able to compete in. And I want American systems over there, systems that are similar to the value systems we have, systems of law and order, systems of economic, economic systems that they understand and then they can compete in.    So what we have to do I think is to ensure that, number one, that we, to the degree we can, that we maintain a security environment that is similar to what we have enjoyed for the last 70 years, one that reflects the security of this country and the values of this country.    To do that, you have to be there. You have to be there in many ways. It is not just about the military, but the military is a big component of it. Military forces have to be there, they have to be part of those nations there, they have to be in there working with them. They have to be shaping the day-to-day environment and the landscape.    And so as the world changes, and as the military capabilities in this AOR over the countries change, we have to ensure that we have the right relevance there to ensure that we can compete in the Asia-Pacific for the next century.    Admiral Locklear. Well, Russia in the last few months has returned to, I would say, nearly a Cold War level of activity that goes towards our homeland, with long-range attacks, you know, exercises, and those types of things. We also know that Russia will improve their strategic nuclear deterrent on what is their East Coast, which is in the Northern Pacific.    They also are improving their submarine force that operates in that area and are exerting increased influence not only in the Arctic, which they will tend in that direction from my AOR in, but also in Northeast Asia. And we see a greater presence of them in, just this year in Southeast Asia as well.    So it just adds to the amount of interesting things that a PACOM commander has to think about every day, and the amount of ISR that I need to track them, the sophistication of the systems I have to be able to deal with them. I mean, the key is for us to manage the security environment on our terms, not have to respond to someone else's.    Admiral Locklear. Well, my observation is I am a firm believer that anything we choose to be dominant in we can be. So we just have to make that decision.    Admiral Locklear. Yes. That is my assessment.    Admiral Locklear. No.    Admiral Locklear. Now, in the case of cyber, clearly PRC is a big actor, Russia is a big actor. I would say they are probably at the top tier. You drop down it would probably be North Korea and Iran. And then certainly we are in the top tier of cyber capabilities and probably lead the way in cyber defense capabilities, cyber understanding. But it is, as General Scaparrotti pointed out earlier, it is an interesting environment, it is an interesting domain that is changing rapidly.    In the case of space, I think what we have seen with the PRC that concerns us the most is their willingness to do offensive things in space, counter-space activity with the ASAT missile they fired a while back and some of the other programs I think they are developing that to, that would limit our ability to use those space assets in our favor, which we do need to stay forward globally.    Admiral Locklear. Well, Congressman, I would refer the specific timelines to the Missile Defense Agency and the services who buy them. But let me just talk about missile defense in general.    I am faced with two problems, and General Scaparrotti is part of the second one. One is I have a homeland defense support requirement where not only do I have to defend Guam and Hawaii from potential missile attacks, but also have to support NORTHCOM as NORTHCOM were to transition to where we would have to defend the homeland from maybe a rogue attack from North Korea. And so we moved rapidly to put things in position in the last decade that I think give us a relative assurance on our homeland defense.    We have guided missile destroyers that operate in the north. We put a--the THAAD radar, we put that in there in about less than a month into Guam when we knew that there was a potential for a launch from North Korea, which was really fabulous that the Army could move that fast and make it happen. We fast-tracked the TPY-2 radar that was put in Shariki in Japan, so now we have two of those going, and we are having dialogues about where a third THAAD may go.    The second part of our problem is defending forces in the theater and defending forces in an ever-increasing environment of ballistic missiles. And these can be short range, they can be directed at aircraft carriers, directed at ships, they can be directed at land bases. And you can't defend against all of them. There are just too many of them. You can't buy enough interceptors. So what you do do is you buy enough to give you confidence that you can deter and that when conflict were to start, to give you enough time to be able to get the rest of your war plan going.    Admiral Locklear. Well, it is certainly nice to have everything you could have when you need it. I would say that in general in the Asia-Pacific, other than the Korean Peninsula, that the close air support mission is of a lesser concern to me in general. But as the Air Force moves forward with the systems they have to move forward in the future, I think you are going towards a close air support model with airplanes that have improved precision-guided missile weapons that can go against tanks and can deal with a broader array of them.    Admiral Locklear. I would agree. I mean, how we recruit the force of the future has to be part of a national dialogue. I mean, 1 percent of the American people day to day defend it. Some of them are the most highly technical people that this country can produce. And if we don't have a system underpinning it that produces enough for us to lead the world, we will not be as successful. I know the service chiefs are all engaged on this thought process. Where does that future force come from?    Admiral Locklear. Well, in addition I would say that the Philippines, who is another key ally of ours, we have in negotiation for an Enhanced Cooperative Defense Agreement. That is currently being debated inside the Philippines on the political side. But that has an opportunity to help them improve to get them to a better minimum credible defense. It also has the opportunity for us to strengthen that alliance and strengthen our position in Southeast Asia.    Our other ally, Australia, making good strides. I mean, it is a great alliance. As far as I can tell, they are increasing defense spending. They are having a good dialogue about how they will partner with us. They are thinking about extending their capabilities in submarine warfare and some other areas, amphibious warfare.    So in general I would say the trend of our allies across the board is that they are investing more in their defense and in their security rather than less, and they are investing more in directions that are complementary to our capabilities, so that we all enjoy the same mutual benefits of that security architecture.