    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    America's voters sent the 114th Congress to Washington to do one thing above all other others, help turn around this Nation's struggling economy. From the outset of the term, the Judiciary Committee has responded to that mandate with urgently needed reforms of Washington's regulatory system. A system that virtually every day places new obstacles in the path of American jobs and economic growth.    Already the House has passed two critical Judiciary Committee regulatory reform bills. The Regulatory Accountability Act to force regulators to account for and control far better the excessive cost of new regulations and the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act to force regulators finally to accommodate better the needs of small businesses when they issue new regulations.    Today's hearing considers three more integral parts of the Judiciary Committee's regulatory reform package, the RAPID Act, the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act and the Searching for and Cutting Regulations That Are Unnecessarily Burdensome or SCRUB Act.    The RAPID Act contains common sense reform to streamline permitting for Federally funded and Federally permitted construction projects. It gives lead agencies more power to conduct and conclude efficient interagency reviews of permit requests and requires lawsuits that challenge permitting decisions to be filed within 6 months of the decisions. These are simple but powerful reforms that will allow good projects to move forward more quickly delivering high quality jobs and improvements to American daily lives.    The Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act curbs the abuse of sue and settle consent decrees and settlement agreements to force through new regulations under judicial authority without adequate consideration of the views of those who are regulated and of the States who so often must shoulder the hard work of implementing Federal regulatory decisions.    Finally, the SCRUB Act institutes a blue ribbon commission to help identify and eliminate costly regulations that can safely be removed from the code of regulations. These include, for example, regulations that have achieved their purpose and are no longer truly needed, imposed paperwork burdens that can be reduced substantially without significantly undercutting regulatory effectiveness or impede the new introduction of new, safer and more efficient technologies.    Opponents of these bills contend that there are no problems with regulations or that these bills overreact to the problems and would bring needed regulatory actions to a halt. The American people know better. In the middle of it this winter's historic cold, ask any worker displaced by a new ideologically driven power plant regulation how warm they are as they continue in vain to look for a new job.    Ask any farmer who fears that the Environmental Protection Agency's new Waters of the United States rule will place Federal permitting shackles on the use of their property because once in a while there is a puddle in a middle of field.    Ask municipality and manufacturers across the country that will not be able to grow because of the EPA's new ozone rule, the most costly single regulation ever issued. Like each bill in the Judiciary Committee's regulatory reform package, each of these bills contains well thought out balanced reforms. They allow needed regulatory actions to take place but provide for more transparency, more public input and more accountability in the regulatory process. They also provide for more efficient decisionmaking and more effective tools to prevent or remove from the books regulatory actions that are not needed, are ill-considered or are the overreaching fruits of back door sweetheart negotiations between regulators and pro regulatory advocates.    I urge my colleagues to consider well and support these important pieces of legislation. I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses.    And I yield back, thank you, Mr. Chairman.