    Mr. Cox.--and grain exports are very, very important to this country, and we need to have this legislation to move.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    And I recognize the full Committee Chairman, Mr. Conaway, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Conaway. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just have one line of questioning. Mr. Cox, you guys may have already covered this, and I apologize if you did, in the Washington State incident, there was a labor dispute between the elevator and the longshoremen, and the inspectors finally decided to not cross the line. Is that what happened there, that is why we quit inspecting grain, or was there just no grain being loaded?    Mr. Conaway. Okay.    Mr. Cox.--familiar with all----    Mr. Conaway. Well, what----    Mr. Cox.--the actual specific things.    Mr. Conaway. The program allows for if and when the state delegated authority pulls their inspectors, then there is a duty for USDA to send in inspectors, and USDA failed that duty under some argument that it was unsafe. Are there reports of violence associated with that strike? Are there police reports we can look at, were there people beaten up, was there intimidation, what all went on that caused the violence that was referred to that prevented the USDA from doing their responsibility in inspecting grain?    Mr. Conaway. Okay.    Mr. Conaway. Yes, I got that. Well, you are here today to represent those folks. Is there some way----    Mr. Conaway. Right, I understand that. And is there a way that you could get for the Committee the police reports and the other information about the violence that occurred, because somehow we are unable to get from USDA the study they did to say that there was, in fact, violence out there and it was unsafe for other inspectors to cross the picket line. Is there a way that we can get information from your organization that would help the Committee understand the level, the extent of the violence that did occur, if any violence actually did occur?    Mr. Conaway. No, no, I can ask the Secretary, and I have, but is there a way that your union can get that information separately from going through the USDA? Can you----    Mr. Conaway. Yes. You have to----    Mr. Conaway. There you go.    Mr. Cox.--and ask them, sir.    Mr. Conaway. There you go. They were there for a part of that, so if you can get that information for the Committee it might be very helpful, because if there was violence--longshoremen have a rough and tumble reputation. I grew up in west Texas with roughnecks. I understand the drill. But if there really was no violence, then it would be very disappointing that USDA didn't fulfill their responsibility to send in the folks. And South Carolina volunteered to go do it. So anyway, if you wouldn't mind running whatever traps you have. If you can't find anything, I got it, but if you would make a good faith effort to provide the Committee with whatever information you have, newspaper reports, whatever it might be, from the time of the strike of the violence, I sure would appreciate it.    All right. With that, I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    And I recognize the gentleman from Nebraska, Mr. Ashford, for 5 minutes.