    Mr. Stivers. Thank you. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, and distinguished members of this subcommittee. Thank you for the invitation to testify today on advancing U.S. foreign policy goals in South Asia. It is an honor to be back again before this committee, especially alongside my friend and colleague, Assistant Secretary Nisha Biswal.    Before I begin, I would like to extend the deepest condolences to the families and friends of Xulhaz Mannan. He was a member of the USAID family in Bangladesh, and he was brutally murdered late last month. Xulhaz embodies the very best of USAID. He was a heroic leader for human rights including on LGBTI issues. His tragic loss is a reminder of the risks that our staff take every day in the field to improve the lives of the most vulnerable people.    Last week, Nisha and I were able to meet with his family and friends to better understand his life and legacy and what he was fighting for in Bangladesh, in addition to the growing violent extremism in that country.    We are urging the Bangladesh Government, at the highest levels, to fully investigate this violent attack, and others and bring the perpetrators to justice. We are also ensuring the safety and security of our staff as our highest priority in this difficult operating environment.    The President's budget request of $440.7 million for South Asia reflects our sustained commitment to this vitally important region. While the region has achieved much success in terms of development, significant challenges remain. South Asia has roughly one-third of the world's extreme poor, both the highest rates and largest numbers of undernourished children in the world, and is extremely prone to natural disasters as we saw last April in Nepal.    We are working through three primary approaches in USAID. First, we are pioneering a new model of development that focuses on leveraging our impact and our funding by using public-private partnerships, science, innovation, and regional solutions.    For example, in India, while our assistance dollars have been steady, the total value of U.S. development programs have doubled, because we are leveraging the private sector and international donors to move forward and make progress on a lot of the very important human development and health outcomes that we want to have there.    Second, we are building pathways out of poverty through integrated approaches with the three Presidential initiatives on global health, Feed the Future, and climate change.    And, third, we are promoting democratic governance and empowering reformers, because we know that the best chance of promoting democratic change is to empower the reformers to change their country.    In Bangladesh, USAID has helped the country make enormous progress in recent years. They have been able to cut their poverty rate in half. They have reduced deaths of mothers and children by more than two-thirds. They have improved the management of 2\1/2\ million acres of forest and wetland, home of the endangered Bengal tiger, and we have helped introduce new rice varieties that can withstand flooding and high salt levels. And as a result, Bangladesh now does not have to rely heavily on rice imports. Despite this progress and the tradition of tolerance in Bangladesh, rising violent extremism is a threat to the country's development.    USAID supports those who represent a democratic pluralist society in Bangladesh, such as civil society and journalists. USAID also works to address a weak judicial system by strengthening the ability of the institution to uphold the rule of law, and bring perpetrators of violent extremism to justice. We will continue to analyze, update, and implement our strategies to best help the reformers increase and maintain the right of the Bangladeshi people to freely express themselves through their religion or their political views.    In India, successfully addressing health challenges means success on a global scale. Accordingly, the bulk of the budget requests for India will go toward maintaining momentum on goals related to child and maternal survival, HIV/AIDS, TB, clean drinking water, and sanitation solutions. Addressing gender inequality is a crosscutting focus of our USAID initiatives in India. We are helping to implement a safe cities partnership that focuses on increasing safety for women in public transportation, schools, streets, and connects women with advocacy and support services.    When the earthquake struck last year in Nepal, our 20-year investment in disaster risk reduction proved critical to Nepal's ability to respond. From more than 1,000 USAID-trained first responders who conducted search-and-rescue missions saving lives, to a major hospital that continued treating patients uninterrupted, due to the preparedness plan we helped them establish, the U.S. Government mobilized 130 million to respond to the immediate post earthquake needs, including construction of temporary schools, emergency nutrition and food, and expanding our countertrafficking in persons work to earthquake-affected districts.    Many obstacles lie ahead. Reconstruction from the earthquake is likely to take many years with total economic losses estimated at $7 billion.    U.S. support for the international effort to help Nepal's recovery is critical to helping maintain development progress. In 2015, Sri Lankans went to the poles to support a sweeping democratic reform agenda. Seizing on this democratic breakthrough, USAID is helping Sri Lanka strengthen democratic institutions through the Parliament, judiciary, and auditor general, as well as support for civil rights and human rights.    In addition, we are providing economic help for the poorest and most vulnerable Sri Lankans, especially in former conflict zones with resettlement and economically lagging regions.    Mr. Chairman, alongside diplomacy and defense, development plays an indispensable role in advancing our security and prosperity. We must address both immediate crises, and the root causes of poverty, conflict, and instability. This is the heart of our work in the South Asia region.    I appreciate the opportunity to testify, and I welcome any questions.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Congressman, for that question.    The earthquake that hit Nepal last year devastated the entire country, either directly or indirectly. There are reverberations from that massive earthquake that caused more damage than the earthquake in Haiti in terms of housing, schools, and overall damage. And much of the budget will support this longer-term recovery. Again, it is all interconnected.    You pointed out primary education, but realize, over 8,200 schools were destroyed during the earthquake, and I think that with reconstruction, certainly in a lot of the other development we do, it is hard to draw the line between what is earthquake and what isn't in terms of how we move forward on development. And so we believe that all of our efforts did meet the definition of OCO in terms of responding to a natural disaster in that country.    Mr. Stivers. I can't speak to the bigger budget issues, except for just to say that Nepal certainly, in terms of the earthquake response, we believe does fit under the definition of what OCO should be used for.    Mr. Stivers. We think it makes sense for Fiscal Year 2017 for Nepal to be an OCO country. The decisions on whether in Fiscal Year 2018 it would meet that definition, I think, depends on a lot of circumstances, and we certainly need to consult with Congress on that issue, and at the time the Fiscal Year 2018 budget is submitted. So I think it has to be determined at that time.    Mr. Stivers. I think we have to evaluate Fiscal Year 2018 at the appropriate time. I think we can evaluate Fiscal Year 2017. I think over this next year, we can see how much progress has been made there. It has been very slow progress in Nepal in terms of earthquake recovery. And I think that is a decision we have to make, you know, in consultation with Congress.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Congresswoman.    Over the last few years, the domestic and global situations have combined to contribute to increasing radicalization. I think domestically in Bangladesh, increased political violence and polarization of political parties are key contributors, and there is a lack of political space and free expression that are real challenges for the government in Bangladesh.    I will defer to Nisha to talk about her discussions with the government there. We know the targets include writers, activists, intellectuals, and certainly religious minorities. Thank you for your being such a champion on this issue, because you have identified this issue long before some of these attacks happened.    And I think our development programs at USAID can help mitigate some of the underlying drivers of violent extremism, certainly our support for civil society, human rights, voices of tolerance, journalists can help push back on some of the closing space in Bangladesh.    We work with the judiciary, and I know DOJ and the Bangladesh police support each other on community policing efforts. And so our work in this sphere to promote free expression, to promote those reformers who are pushing for more free expression and democracy and better governance in Bangladesh, those are the folks that we support at USAID. And Xulhaz Mannan was really a hero in pushing on those exact things.    Mr. Stivers. I am not sure if it was the third, but the devastation was enormous.    Mr. Stivers. That is correct.    Mr. Stivers. Yes.    Mr. Stivers. Yes.    Mr. Stivers. The estimated damages are almost $7 billion.    Mr. Stivers. $7 billion.    Mr. Stivers. $7 billion. One of the poorest countries in the world.    Mr. Stivers. I think it is around 100 million.    Mr. Stivers. Absolutely. Thank you, Congressman Connolly. First of all, I think the population number is 20 million.    Mr. Stivers. I'm sorry. In terms of the damage, around $7 billion in losses. More than 750,000 homes were destroyed. About 1,200 health facilities and hospitals, destroyed or damaged, more than 8,200 public schools destroyed or damaged. It was devastating. And it occurred in, not so much the population centers that are more easily accessible, but up in the mountain areas which are very difficult to get to, to get reconstruction, or humanitarian recovery, to get that assistance to the people who need it. That continues to be a huge problem in Nepal, and reconstruction has been slow. There have been a number of constraints to that. Certainly the extent of the damage, the fact that it has occurred mostly in remote areas that are hard to access, and the limited capacity of the government are issues. The Nepal Reconstruction Authority has just begun to operate and international donors have been slow. There were a lot of pledges, but the money has been a lot slower in terms of moving forward in terms of reconstruction from a lot of the countries and entities that committed a significant amount.    Mr. Stivers. Absolutely. In my written testimony, I explained a number of things that we have done in terms of the reconstruction and the recovery. We did pledge, commit and provide $130 million, which was for the initial humanitarian response, and a lot of that was used for reconstruction. As we move forward, we are trying to find the funds to do more in terms of the reconstruction for our part, but it continues to be a challenge. Certainly it continues to be a challenge for us to do our part, and for the rest of the international community, and maybe I will defer to Assistant Secretary Biswal about the diplomatic engagement on that.