    Mr. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member, and I thank the witnesses for being here. I have been on the receiving end of getting those goods on ships into theaters, and I understand having the capacity when we need it in a full spell, and there is a whole lot of difference between a Desert Storm and the type of wars that we are in right now, as far as what kind of material you have to ship. Your capacity needs to be built so that we can send the right amount of tanks, Brads, self-propelled Howitzers, all those very heavy things that take up a lot of space also.    But as a theater matures, the need for that fleet goes down. No matter how long you stay in theater, you don't have to keep re-supplying. Your supplies change, and the types. So do you feel like, on a surge capacity, like Desert Storm, for a high-intensity conflict, as we say in the military, do you feel like we have sufficient ships now that could get us to where we need to be so that soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines have the right equipment when they arrive in theater?    Mr. Kelly. And having participated in the War on Terror since 2003, my first deployment was five, when we actually had goods shipped on ships over there, and filled up the CONEXes, and containers, and had equipment going. That has very much gone down over the last 14 years, so that we are not shipping near as much. So, that being said, do we not have room now for foreign food on those ships that are not currently shipping the same amount of quantities of supplies that they were in 2005 and 2006, at the surge in Iraq? The amount of equipment and the amount of mobilizations has definitely gone down. Has not the amount of space required because of military shipments gone down since 2005 until the present?    Mr. Kelly. And going to Ranking Member Costa's comment, and there was another comment, lack of food, or famine, is national security. The regions where they can't be fed, and they are too poor, and they don't have that, that causes instability in the regions. The places where our terrorists are being trained that are attacking this nation are places where they don't have food, they don't have jobs, they have nothing else, so these are training hotbeds for terrorists that want to attack and kill citizens of this nation. Would you agree that cash money, as opposed to food that has a U.S. flag on it, is much less effective in feeding that population? It is much more easily corrupted, or to spend money on weapons and those things, as opposed to food with a U.S. flag on the back on a U.S.-flag ship that delivers it.    Mr. Kelly. But you would agree that money is much easier to spend on weapons, and to spend on things that are not good for the United States than bags of food with a U.S. flag on them that also shows our interest in those countries? And I am very pro-defense, but I am also very pro-agriculture.    Mr. Kelly. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.