    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Archuleta, last week, I brought up a letter from two of my legislative staffers received warning them that their personally identifiable information may have been compromised in the cybersecurity hack.    I bring this up again because, earlier, you disputed the number of people that are affected by this when Ms. Seymour admitted, after I questioned her about the letter that she signed, that this goes beyond the people who filled out the Form 86.    And I just want to know, considering the fact that a vast amount of personally identifiable information stored by OPM was vulnerable due to the login credentials, was it likely exposed by foreign contractors, outsourced by OPM and OPM's failure to communicate with and abide by the IG's recommendations?    Mr. Palmer. I am just asking you, do you--let me rephrase it. Do you standby your assertion that this is limited to a smaller group than is being indicated in the media and might be indicated by the fact that this extends beyond the people who filled out Standard Form 86?    Mr. Palmer. That is not--I am just asking----    Mr. Palmer. --is it more than 4.2 million?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. So the answer is yes, that it is more.    I think it is very evident that this attack on the Federal employees' personally identifiable information not only puts those workers at risk but also puts secondary groups at risk. For instance, if they have their personal email addresses, as it is pretty evident from, as I pointed out last week, that some of the breaches occurred through personal email addresses, that all of these employees and their secondary relationships, is it possible that certain information was exposed there as well?    Mr. Palmer. But, ma'am, beyond the SF-86s, I am talking about where the breach apparently occurred, as well, through personal email addresses, particularly at the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Agency, that was reported in The Wall Street Journal.    I brought this up to you last week. I will be happy to provide this information to you----    Mr. Palmer. --if you need to see it. But where they got in on personal email addresses, that would expose everybody in their email chain.    Mr. Palmer. And I think we have----    Mr. Palmer. Let me go on to something else.    You received a letter last week from Senator Mark Warner with some specific questions about a contract that you awarded to CSID. Have you responded to Senator Warner's letter yet?    Mr. Palmer. Have you----    Mr. Palmer. Have you personally read his letter?    Mr. Palmer. All right.    He raises a question here about how quickly this contract was awarded to CSID. You didn't go through the normal process, and it was awarded in 36 hours, I think, is what Senator Warner says.    Was it intentionally steered to CSID?    Mr. Palmer. Who made the decision?    Mr. Palmer. A fair and competitive process.    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Did you evaluate the management of CSID?    Mr. Palmer. Did you evaluate the people who run the company?    Mr. Palmer. Are you familiar with their board of directors?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Do you know Owen Li, one of their directors?    Mr. Palmer. Okay.    Mr. Chairman, my time has expired. I yield the balance.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This question is to you, Ms. Seymour. Do you know any of the management of CSID?    Mr. Palmer. Do you know or have any knowledge about the management of CSID?    Mr. Palmer. Did anyone discuss with you any knowledge about the CEO Scott Cruickshank? He is the chairman of the board.    Mr. Palmer. About Hazem Ben-Gacem?    Mr. Palmer. How about James Mansour?    Mr. Palmer. There are only four directors. So the last one is Owen Li. I asked you about him earlier.    Mr. Palmer. You know, you let a contract in a very sensitive area. I mean, this literally impacts millions of people. It potentially impacts their financial well-being, their careers, yet it appears that you didn't do the most basic research into the company that you have contracted this with. If you had, I think you might have discovered that Mr. Li is under investigation by the Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission. They are looking into his management of a group called Canarsie, in which in 9 months, he lost 99.7 percent of the money invested in that hedge fund.    Mr. McFarland, let me ask you this. If you had known this, would this have raised a red flag with the Inspector General's Office?    Mr. Palmer. I have listened to Mr. Cummings. I have listened to the chairman. And the more I listen to these guys and the members of this entire committee ask these questions, the more concerned and more frightened I have become about how OPM has handled this. And then to find this and to find that just the most basic analysis has not been done just adds to that.    One other question I want to ask you. Mr. Ozment, who testified last week, made this comment. I want to ask you, are you aware of any outside contractors who are foreign nationals? Have you contracted any work with them?    Ms. Seymour?    Mr. Palmer. Have you contracted any of this work to foreign nationals?    Mr. Palmer. How about you, Ms. Archuleta?    Mr. Palmer. May I read this? Or do you want to read it? This is from the Wall Street Journal. This is Mr. Ozment. He said: Some of the contractors that have helped OPM with managing internal data have had security issues of their own, including potentially giving foreign governments direct access to the data long before the recent reported breaches. A consultant who did some work with the company contracted by OPM to manage personnel records for a number of agencies told ARS that he found the Unix systems administrator for the project was in Argentina, and his coworker was physically located in the People's Republic of China. Both had direct access to every row of data and every database. They were root. Another team that worked with these databases had at its head it two teams members with Republic of China passports--People's Republic of China passports. I know that because I challenged and personally revoked the privileges.    You are not aware of that?    Mr. Palmer. How are they--does it not raise--here is what Ozment said. He said from his perspective, OPM compromised this information more than 3 years ago. And his take on the current breach is, so what is new?    I yield the balance of my time.