    Ms. Rue. Thank you, Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, and honorable committee members, for the opportunity to testify about this critically important issue.    The higher education community takes the problem of campus sexual assault very seriously, and we are working diligently to prevent sexual assault and to manage systems fair to all students. These are not new issues for us. It has been a priority for decades because of our genuine care for the health, safety, and well-being of our students.    Currently, we must address sexual violence compliance responsibilities under a swirl of regulations. This one-size-fits-all can create resource challenges that impede our effort to prevent and respond to sexual assault. Added to these challenges now are state legislatures that are enacting statutes, creating a patchwork of conflicting regulations.    Prevention and education efforts are critical to reducing incidents of sexual violence. Many campuses employ online modules, allow new students to participate in prevention programming at orientation and belong--and beyond, online training programs to education faculty and staff to whom students might report about where to turn.    According to the CDC, bystander intervention training and social norms training are promising practices but have not yet been validated through rigorous design, so more grant support is needed to conduct evaluation research in this growing field.    At Wake Forest we use PREPARE peer educators to deliver highly interactive, situational programs to put incoming students' attitudes to the test and really get them to think. A highly engaging peer theater program reinforces those messages and is followed by an online curriculum that uses scenarios highly relevant to students. This program, Haven, will also give us benchmark attitudes that we can use to assess the effectiveness of our programs over time.    After students have time to navigate the social scene, they will participate in a program in their residence halls on bystander intervention training using the Step-Up model.    Campus climate surveys are another growing practice. These are used to assess students' perception of and experience with sexual violence, and these surveys are designed to provide an institution-specific picture that in turn enables leaders to coordinate with the campus community to strengthen prevention efforts.    One standardized survey imposed on all institutions would likely not accommodate the wide array of campus environments that range from 4-year residential, like my own, to community colleges and even primarily online universities. Each institution should have the autonomy to develop the best survey, given benchmarks to hit.    Although prevention strategies are in place, sexual violence will still occur on our campuses. Student affairs administrators are committed to being fair and balanced to all of our students engaged in the conduct process.    Critical to this process is the widely established practice of confidentiality for the victim and the accused, one of the primary reasons that a student will choose an on-campus practice over reporting to the police.    One of our most important points in trauma-informed work is to allow the survivor the right to choose the path to follow in the wake of an incident. Some may want to report to the campus, some may want to report to the police, or both. Some may only want support.    The institution really needs to respect that choice. To take the decision out of the victim's hand by mandating that a report of sexual violence to campus automatically is turned over to the police will create a chilling effect on the willingness of victims to come forward, exactly the opposite of what we want to happen.    The confidentiality of our conduct processes guaranteed under FERPA creates uncertainty about their fairness--we know that--most recently towards the respondent. But it is important to reiterate the campus processes are carefully structured to be fair and equitable to all parties.    In the recent Washington Post Kaiser Family Foundation poll, 84 percent of current and recent college students said they are very or somewhat confident in the school administration's ability to address complaints.    We are not a court of law. Ours is an educational process intended to arrive at a fair and equitable outcome for all parties. At the core of this distinction is our standard of scrutiny, preponderance of the evidence.    I think I speak for most colleges and universities in saying that we do not need more regulation; we need more consultation. Guidance from the Department of Education coming without notice often does not help us navigate these waters.    I strongly believe it is important to provide opportunities for public comment and discussion where the full complexity of the issues can be explored from those who know them firsthand.    In closing, I must express deep concern about the narrative from the media that colleges and universities care more about their institution's reputation than the rights and experiences of our students. Nothing could be further from the truth.    Instead, those of us who handle incidents of sexual violence are professionals who share an overwhelming commitment to strike the delicate balance in today's legislative environment to preserve the educational rights of students, to manage fair and equitable conduct systems, and above all, to prevent sexual violence.    Thank you, Chairwoman.    Ms. Rue. Let me just add briefly that the research is inconclusive because rarely do we have the opportunity to do random assignment of subject to group, which is where you can get really rigorous testing. So more support for research in this area would really be useful. We have what we know and what CDC calls ``promising practices,'' but we don't actually have proven effectiveness.    Ms. Rue. Yes, ma'am. Thank you for the question.    The two most promising practices are bystander intervention training and social norms training.    In bystander intervention training, people learn the steps it takes to disrupt or interrupt what looks like it is going to be problematic behavior. The truth is peers are often able to do this, but they need the courage to essentially change the code, if you will, of what is agreed upon as appropriate social behavior.    And this has been effective. Again, we haven't had studies that have shown random assignment of subject to group so we call it a promising practice.    The other practice is the social norms practice, and what social norms does is look at the gap between what people think and what people think other people think. And it really contributes to things such as rape myth.    And so when you can ask, through research, ``Does a woman drinking too much suggest that she wants to have sex?'' you can actually measure that and you will find that people think other people think that but they don't think that themselves. And so you can go back to your campus with that gap and combat those norms that are actually creating a hostile environment.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    Mr. Cohn, in your testimony you make the important point that rape is a crime and should be treated as such. How could using what you call amateur systems on campus lead to injustice for both victims and accused students?    Ms. Rue. Thank you for your question, Representative Roe.    I agree with you that it is a life-changing event. I have sat with many, many students in that process, both men and women, quite honestly, and it is devastating.    We do have 24/7 on-call confidential advisors that are available to go wherever the student is, if the student is in the emergency room or if the student has gone to student health. We have 24/7 student health and we have 24/7 student EMTs on campus, and so we have got a nice safety net right there.    The most critical link is our confidential advisor. This is the person that reaches out and establishes trust.    If the first questions someone is asked by their friends are about their own behavior they are likely to completely shut down. And so if we can get that person as fast as possible to our confidential advisor, who is trauma-informed in her counseling techniques and who can create that bond, and then accompany her or him throughout whatever processes, whether it be sitting through a police investigation, whether it be going to the housing department to make room changes or to the academic advisor. And that bond is the most important bond, and it is the most important role on campuses today.    Ms. Rue. I appreciate your commitment.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Dr. Roe.    Dr. Adams, I would like to recognize you for 5 minutes.    Ms. Rue. Yes. Thank you, Representative Adams. I appreciate your question.    We do take our responsibilities to all students very seriously and we know one size doesn't fit all. With our African-American students, we have a peer mentoring program that creates a very tight-knit bond with well-resourced upper-class students.    And we have an increasing number of first-generation students--students whose parents didn't attend college. And we have the First in the Forest program that really helps those students navigate, as well.    We do try to utilize the best research to understand differential impact and also to get within the peer culture, because that is where these things occur. So the use of peer educators is our most important tool.    Ms. Rue. Right. I am going to turn to some work done by the Centers for Disease Control on this, and they have nine principles of effective sexual misconduct prevention programs.    The first is that it is comprehensive--it is multiple methods, not a one-shot deal, with varied teaching strategies. We know that people learn differently. Some learn through active engagement, others learn more theoretically, others more visually.    Sufficient dosage; opportunity over time to deal with these issues; theory-driven, they have a foundation in theory; that they foster positive relationships--they are not focused on what not to do, but instead, what to do; that their time to developmentally appropriately--if you are just getting ready to graduate versus if you are just arriving, those developmental needs are different; that they are socially, culturally relevant, as Representative Adams has suggested, that we understand the different backgrounds that students bring to us; and that there is an outcome evaluation as well as well-trained staff.    So those are--that is what the CDC had--has. We strive for all of those.    I will say that without getting into the curriculum it is difficult to deliver over long periods of time. We are usually working within a voluntary workshop format for students in our prevention programs. So I would say curricular innovations in this area would be very welcome.    Ms. Rue. I am going to respectfully disagree--    Ms. Rue. Yes.    Mrs. Davis.--Rue?    Ms. Rue. We know that, again, that ability to navigate to that confidential victim support person is the most critical thing. And if universities are mandated to report criminally, we know it is going to have a chilling effect on people even getting to the very first resource to help.    The truth is, people do--most students do not want to go through a law enforcement interview. Our experience teaches us that cops look for violence, for signs of struggle for weapons; they don't understand the nuance of campus sexual assault; they tend to minimize--if you have read the book ``Missoula'' it provides a beautiful picture of what happens when individuals report in that setting: the kinds of questions they are asked, the kind of doubt that is cast upon them. And again, it has a chilling effect and it causes many to shut down, so I can't support it.    Ms. Rue. And thanks to your work on the military, our ROTC programs are among our best partners now. They are part of our sexual misconduct working group, helping in lockstep with their training resources, and it is a great partnership.    Ms. Rue. I would have to say I need to learn more about what they have done, and I am eager to do so. Thank you for that referral.    Ms. Rue. I appreciate the earlier representative who brought up the issue of earlier education. We sadly know through our incoming student surveys that students have already been in abusive relationships. They have already had relationships that were controlling, that left them with self-doubt and unable to stand up for themselves.    So we do support--and we do understand these as multigenerational issues. If students don't have excellent role models to look to, where do we find that?    So we would love Department of Education to engage the K-12 system in these conversations, as well.    Mr. Cohn.--``beyond a reasonable doubt,'' which is almost near--you know, near certainty. ``Preponderance of the evidence'' is 50.01 percent certainty that something was more likely to have happened than not. The difference between being 50.01 percent certain and 49.9 is so minimal it really amounts to just which hunch you believe more.    That is not a problem in civil courts, where there are all of the procedural protections that go into play--discovery, lawyers, rules of evidence, subpoena power, all of those things. But when you ask people without those other tools to then just decide who you agree with more, that is where you get an injustice. It is when you decouple preponderance from all of the other protections.    Ms. Rue. I am going to have to disagree with that. Quite honestly, preponderance is the standard that precludes giving presumption for or against either party. It is the most equitable. Any other standard has already tipped the scale on who to believe.    Ms. Rue. I would be happy to. I am going to go back to what CDC recommends in terms of multiple methods.    We know that the parental voice is one that students tend to tune out at this time of their lives, as they struggle for independence and define themselves. What we would say is that--and research shows--that if you approach men as brothers and boyfriends of people who might be assaulted, what you get is their empathy. And empathy is a much more powerful motivator than fear of some consequences. And you know, 18-year-olds think they are immortal, so--    Ms. Rue. Yes. There you go.    We believe that engaging men in the prevention effort as coaches, as peers, is way more powerful than finger-wagging them, and mobilizing their maturity and their ability to care for their dear friends who have been assaulted. So treating them as potential allies rather than as potential perpetrators is way more powerful.    Ms. Rue. With you, sir, I think it might work.    Ms. Rue. Yes, certainly.    Again, we are trying to determine whether or not we have a safe and effective educational environment and whether our policies have been violated. We are perfectly comfortable with individuals choosing both pathways--choosing a criminal justice pathway and the university pathway.    No quarrel. We really believe the student should be able to decide that.    But our goal is to make sure we can remediate our own environment if needed through understanding what the risks are, and to making sure we are lowering barriers to individuals reporting right now, because that is our biggest concern. We know that the incidence, established by polls and studies, is nowhere near the number of reports, and we would like to close that gap, and we don't believe that approach would do so.