    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As Congressman Lance just talked about New Jersey last year, there were 821 driving fatalities in Indiana alone, which was a 10 percent increase from the previous year. But they, obviously, we talk about these big numbers but one particularly that happened in my district, Susan Jordan, who is the principal of Amy Beverland Elementary School served in Lawrence, Indiana, was killed tragically by a school bus that rolled in front of her, as she pushed children out of the way. And so for many families who have lost loved ones, I would say the auto industry and ensuring that cars, and buses, and other vehicles are as safe as possible, we need to not stand in the way of this innovation, whether it is pedestrian detection, lane warnings, pre-collision assist that can eliminate the human error that could save lives like Principal Jordan's.    I want to ask a question, though, with respect to NHTSA's Federal Automated Vehicle Policy where you are requesting large amounts of data from the auto industry on the operation and the execution of the highly autonomous vehicle technologies that includes a lot of potentially sensitive information about businesses and consumers. But on the other hand, we recognize, and you have just talked about it in response to Congressman Guthrie's question, multiple attacks from whether it is foreign or domestic bad actors attempting to get that data.    Without going into great detail, what kind of protections does NHTSA plan to have to ensure that this sensitive information isn't getting into bad actors' hands?    Mrs. Brooks. You are welcome.    Mrs. Brooks. So, you are indicating that NHTSA is not going to be keeping the sensitive competitive information between the different automakers.    Mrs. Brooks. And with respect to the auto industry's information showing an analysis center, what role are they playing or should they play in addressing the cybersecurity issues?    Mrs. Brooks. It is my understanding that the safety assessment letter is requiring, when any significant update to a vehicle is made, that NHTSA requires the manufacturer to submit the safety assessment letter. Can you please explain what is meant by a significant update and the impact such a process will have on testing that the developer of the autonomous vehicle is forced to submit a new letter and if it is every 4 months on any changes made during testing? Can you talk more about what the meaning of significant changes means?    Mrs. Brooks. So, are you leaving it up to the manufacturers to determine the definition of significant or are there a number of examples that they are being provided to help them determine what is significant and what is not significant?    Mrs. Brooks. OK.    Mrs. Brooks. And what happens if a manufacturer doesn't submit the safety assessment letter? Are there ramifications?    Mrs. Brooks. But right now, NHTSA doesn't have the authority, is that right, if a manufacturer chose not to submit a letter? Is that authority you would like to have?    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you. I yield back. Thank you.