    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much for holding this hearing, and I appreciate you and the ranking member and the work that you have put into this.    Let me just note that I am a co-chairman with the Egyptian Caucus, and as such I have been to Egypt a number of times in recent days. And let me just state for the record that I believe that President el-Sisi and the democratic people in Egypt who want to have a legitimate democratic government are under attack by forces that would murder them.    So whatever we are doing when we are talking about Egypt, let's understand we are talking about people who are fighting forces that would murder them and create a caliphate that would be allied with terrorists. In fact, if President el-Sisi and his efforts are defeated, you could expect a collapse of resistance to this radical Islamic terrorist movement that threatens the world.    They are at an equivalent of where we were at immediately after Pearl Harbor. The fact is what did we do when we were under attack? Yes, there were things that we would never tolerate in our society today. We put large numbers of American citizens, Japanese-Americans in camps. Yes, that did not indicate what type of government, what type of country we had, but it did indicate that we were at war with an enemy that had murdered our own people and would continue to do so.    That is what is going on in Egypt today. Those people are on the front lines. President el-Sisi and his democratic allies and the moderate Muslim community there are under attack by the very same terrorists that would again create a caliphate and threaten the entire world. We have faced this terrorism here. We have faced it in Orlando. We have faced it in San Bernardino. We have faced it at the Boston Marathon.    This radical Islamic terrorism threat to the world is something that we need to recognize. And we need to recognize that people like President el-Sisi and the good people of Egypt are on the front lines, and we need to back them as much as we can so that we can--because we know if they lose, we lose.    Thank you very much, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I am very pleased to hear from our colleagues that we have a Coptic religious leader leading us in prayer this morning. That is a wonderful statement for us to make.    Let me suggest this. I worked in the White House with President Reagan at a time when the National Endowment for Democracy became real. I worked with a speechwriting team that developed the concept in his speech before Parliament. And let me note that during that time period, I think one of the reasons we won the cold war is Reagan became the champion of democracy rather than repression as a way to meet communism. That was part of the basic theory. But let me note this, that what we have today are alternatives between if the bad guys win, what we have is what, Islamic dictatorships that will murder people in great number.    And, you know, quite frankly, I think that when you have some level of repression against groups of people in your society that went to institute a dictatorship, what we did is we used those people who wanted freedom and democracy against a communist regime, we emphasized that, and that is how we won the cold war.    But the fact is those people and the institutes we are talking about were pushing for democracy in communist countries, and what would replace--in other words, the repressive people in those countries where the ones who didn't believe in democracy and we were supporting--by having the same strategy in Egypt and other countries, we are ending up, what, supporting and giving life to elements within that society that don't want more democracy.    So I would suggest that pushing against restrictions, especially during a time when hundreds of Egyptian people are being murdered or soldiers are being killed in a battle against radical Islam, at a time pushing them at that point to a standard, a Democratic standard that we believe should be the standard in ordinary times, perhaps makes it more likely that there will be a repressive government rather than less likely, meaning in the end I believe General Sisi, now President Sisi, wants a Democratic Egypt. And for us to undermine him now we might end up creating a horror story in terms of radical Islamic terrorism throughout the region, but also the people of Egypt will be less free if the Muslim Brotherhood element succeeds.    Now, with that suggestion, let me ask about the blasphemy law. You mentioned the blasphemy rules. How many people have been prosecuted for blasphemy laws in Egypt?    Mr. Rohrabacher. In recent years----    Mr. Rohrabacher . Been dozens?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So that means last year maybe one?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Five then----    Mr. Rohrabacher. We are talking five or ten?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. So in the dozens over a number of years. Tell me, in the other parts of the Middle East how does that stack up with the rest of the countries in the Middle East?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is because they have relative freedom of religion compared to all the other countries in the Middle East.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Hold on. Hold on. I am asking a question here. I don't want you to go on about your philosophy. We understand, and I agree with what you are saying, but I am asking you a specific question. Doesn't Egypt rank really high up on the scale when compared to other Middle Eastern countries in terms of freedom of religion, blasphemy, et cetera?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Is the answer yes or no?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right. All right.    Mr. Rohrabacher. I have got a limited amount of time. That is why I can't let you go on. The bottom line is I have been to the Middle East, we have all been to the Middle East. To compare Egypt under attack by radical Islamic forces that hate us, that would murder us, as well as murder all the people in Egypt that disagree with them, to compare them to us and the rest of the Western world, Europe, is wrong. It is bad. It will result in more tyranny and not less. What is fair is to compare Egypt to the other Muslim countries in that region.    And I know it sounds like you are very hesitant to say it. I am not hesitant to say it. Egypt ranks way up there on the top of that scale. It is positive as compared to Qatar, as Saudi Arabia, Bahrain. All of these countries that we are talking about that you could compare it to legitimately, Egypt gets an A plus compared to them.    I think it is totally unfair, especially when this country is under attack, their people are being murdered, you have got the soldiers being killed, 900 soldiers--what would happen if 900 American soldiers--by the way, in proportion, that is about 90,000 American soldiers being killed and then to hold Egypt to that standard is wrong.    And, Mr. Chairman, just indulge me in one more moment. I do not believe that radical Islamic terrorists are really alienated Democrats. I don't believe that for a minute. This idea that because there have been clampdowns on certain people that maybe shouldn't be clamped down--look, any time you let the government bureaucracy go, they make mistakes and they target people. They do that--we have had our own people targeted here by our own Government in terms of the IRS, et cetera, for disagreement.    But this, the radical Islamists that are a threat to us now are not people who believed in democracy, but they were upset that they knew someone who was repressed by a repressive government. These are people who have a philosophy, an ideology like communism did during the cold war. The fact is that communists believed in what they believed in. They believed in a dictatorship of the proletariat. That idea was defeated, but we recognize what that was.    Today, radical Islamic terrorism is affecting the entire world and threatens especially the democratic world. General Sisi who is now President Sisi, the fact is if his government does not succeed because we have been too idealistic in comparing him to other standards, the Western standards of people who are not under attack and we lose this government to a radical Islamic government, the whole world will suffer and we will be in jeopardy.    With that said, thank you very much.    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is a unanimous consent, but as long as you promise that someday I get that opportunity when you have refuted me.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Okay. Good.