    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Bruno, just a question regarding the Delta retirement process. Do you have a timeline for that?    Mr. Bridenstine. So when you think about the limitation on the RD-180, how does that affect your calculus on when to retire the Delta program? Because, ultimately, if there is going to be a competition, you will need the Delta program beyond 2018, 2019.    Mr. Bridenstine. And I am just--out of curiosity, when there is this limitation out there and the limitation is waiverable and there may be uncertainty based on that, how does this effect you, as a company, trying to make capital expenditures and plan for the future? Does it change the way you do business?    Mr. Bridenstine. You mentioned that the Delta IV Heavy has a different capability from the Falcon Heavy.    So how is that relevant if it is going to be retired after 2018, 2019?    Mr. Bridenstine. You mentioned that the BE-4 engine is methane and that the AR-1 engine is kerosene. My understanding is, when you build a new rocket--or you build a new engine or you have a new engine, you need to build an entirely new rocket around that engine.    What are the engineering implications of which direction you end up going? Is there a difference in timeframe and those kind of things?    Mr. Bridenstine. When do you expect the next-generation rocket to be ready for testing and, ultimately, usability?    Mr. Bridenstine. And for both of you, could you give me an estimate, what percentage of your launches are driven by the private sector commercial enterprise, the satellite industry, for example, you know, commercial telecommunication satellites? And not just telecommunication, whether--whatever satellites there may be. What percentage is from commercial?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Bridenstine. Is there a reason that it is about 20 percent and not more, not higher?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. And then the final question for both of you would be--I have got about 55 seconds left, so you guys can divide that among yourselves--as far as infrastructure requirements, both of you are going to need infrastructure for launch capabilities. Can you share with this panel what those requirements might be as we think about the future?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Bridenstine. Roger that.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Bridenstine. General Hyten, you gave an estimate on when you think the Falcon 9 Heavy might be certified, and you said 2017 was maybe optimistic but you wouldn't bet against it necessarily?    General Hyten. I said 2018.    Mr. Bridenstine. 2018.    General Hyten. And I would not bet against SpaceX. I think anybody that has bet against SpaceX in the last few years has lost. So, I think they are a very inventive company that has demonstrated mission success. But the heavy missions are very, very demanding. It is a whole new level of complexity that you are adding to the problem that they haven't faced yet in the missions that they have done. So, it is another step up. That is why, if you are asking me, I think that is a risky proposition to get there. But, again, I would not put it past them.    Mr. Bridenstine. So, we have heard, and I think a lot of people on this panel have expressed the concern, especially the chairman--and I appreciate it and certainly I understand it--that we have a risk as it relates to heavy launch. But, we have also heard, Mr. Bruno very clearly articulated that they are not going to retire the Delta IV Heavy, and we are hearing that the Falcon 9 Heavy could be certified by 2018, maybe optimistically, 2019, I would think, would be more, you know--we would be more sure of.    So, the reality is, we are really not at risk of losing a redundant launch capability; is that correct?    General Hyten. The one modification I made to the analysis you went through would be, what General Mitchell pointed out, is that once they are certified, they are 2 years away from doing a mission.    So, the way you look at the problem is that--is when we look at every category of lift that we are talking about, we are really talking about a potential gap that we have to worry about--``gap'' is probably not the best term. ``Transition'' is probably the best term--a transition period from 2018 to 2022, that we have to somehow work with Congress to figure out how we are going to transition, because when you get out to 2022, it is pretty easy to understand the competitive environment at heavy, intermediate, and small lift that can be out there in 2022. The challenge is how do you transition from 2018 to 2022? That is what we need to work with the Congress to do.    Mr. Bridenstine. With the heavy-lift requirements of satellite communications, for example, it would seem like there is a large market here for commercial industry as well as for the military. When you think about the entire market for heavy lift, can you guys share maybe some--shed some light on what percentage is commercial and what percentage is military?    General Mitchell. Yeah, I can speak to that. When you are talking the commercial satellites, you are not talking the heavy lift we are talking about. They don't need a Delta IV Heavy. They can do that with a smaller rocket. And----    Mr. Bridenstine. Even to get to GEO?    General Mitchell. Yes, sir. They go to a geotransfer orbit, and then from the geotransfer orbit they boost themselves up to their final location.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    General Mitchell. So the Falcon 9 1.1, can handle that, some of the bigger ones. The Falcon 9 Heavy but, you know, you don't have to use all of its capability.    Mr. Bridenstine. So, there is not a whole lot of opportunity to bring down the costs by relying on commercial----    General Mitchell. No, sir. This is like the Titan IV was. We launched 41 Titan IVs. It is a very expensive rocket. It is a unique mission. It is very heavy. And the NRO payloads are the only ones that require that heavy lift capability today at the Delta IV Heavy category. And when we did the RD-180 study, we poked at that a little bit and we got back that that requirement will be in place until at least 2030.    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. For Dr. LaPlante, you brought up--and I think it is perfectly appropriate and I would like to echo it--that the challenge that we are living under right now is born of the sequester. And if you would highlight for us, because now we are looking at passing a budget, and the budget is going to have a number, a sequester number for DOD and then there is going to be OCO dollars.    My question for you is, can you shed light for us, what are the implications for OCO dollars? Does that help you? Does that hurt you? I know the dollars are different. Can you maybe shed a little light on that?    Mr. Bridenstine. And if I may, Mr. Chairman, so let's pretend there was a third entrant. Would you say, that the market can't support that?