    Mr. Reid. Thank you, Chairman Roe and Ranking Member.    I am Brian Reid, chief economist of the Investment Company Institute, a leading global trade association representing mutual funds and other regulated funds in the United States and around the globe.    I am here today to discuss the economic analysis that the Department of Labor uses to justify its proposed rule defining fiduciary duty for retirement advice and services.    I have spent a lot of time on the DOL's regulatory impact analysis. I regret to say that it is fatally flawed. Its analysis is an exercise in storytelling, crafted more to support the Department's agenda than to measure accurately the proposal's impact on retirement savers.    In fact, the economic analysis raises the question of whether the DOL fully understands the market for retirement advice.    The DOL justifies its proposed rule by claiming that this market suffers from a substantial market failure resulting in serious harm for retirement savers who invest through broker dealers. But the Department's assertions don't stand up when tested against actual data and experience. Even worse, the DOL's proposal could actually have significant net social harm.    I have five points to explain why.    First, the DOL's analysis is flawed when it claims that retirement savers will lose as much as $1 trillion over the next 20 years without its rule. The DOL reaches this number by arguing that brokers who are paid commissions through front-end loads on mutual funds are directing their investors into funds that under-perform.    But a simple test, with data drawn directly from the market since 2007, shows just the opposite. Investors who own mutual funds with front-end loads actually bought funds that outperformed, not underperformed, the average return for their fund category.    This one finding eliminates almost all of the rationale that the DOL uses to justify its proposal.    Second, the DOL ignores market realities and the fact that investors may end up paying more, not less for advice under its proposal. The DOL predicts that its rule will drive down brokers' fund commissions by almost two-thirds, but will not drive brokers from the retirement market. That seems highly unlikely to me.    Furthermore, the DOL ignores the costs that investors will face if brokers do exit the market. The DOL estimates that investors are paying up to 28 basis points a year in front-end loads, but advisers charge, on average, almost four times as much for alternative, fee-based accounts.    If the DOL rule forces savers into fee-based accounts, savers may end up paying more, not less.    Third, none of the academic studies that the DOL uses addresses the core question: whether an investor's performance is different when her adviser is a fiduciary compared to when her adviser isn't a fiduciary. Thus, the DOL does not actually measure and cannot measure, based on these studies, whether an investor will get better results using a fiduciary adviser.    Fourth, the DOL fails to identify and analyze the significant harm to savers that could likely result from this proposal. With the new burdens created by the DOL's proposed rule, the high minimum balances typically required for fee-based accounts, it is inevitable that many IRA investors would no longer be able to obtain advice at all. Retirement savers will be worse off if they do not have access to assistance and advice.    Finally, data show that IRA investors are concentrated in lower-cost funds, not higher-cost funds. The White House Council of Economic Advisers has widely promoted an estimate that IRA investors lose $17 billion a year through under-performance largely stemming from excess fees.    The CEA report uses a hypothetical calculation to argue that, on average, IRA investors pay 1 percentage point a year more in fund fees than do 401(k) investors.    If we put actual fund data into the CEA's calculation, the difference between what IRA investors pay and what 401(k) investors pay is 85 percent less than what the CEA assumes.    Now, let me be clear. The ICI has long supported the principle behind the DOL proposal that financial advisers should act in the best interests of their clients when they offer personalized investment advice. Unfortunately, the DOL's proposed rule is hopelessly complex, confused, and unworkable.    As the subcommittee recognizes, this issue is vitally important to American workers and their families. Research by ICI and others show that the U.S. retirement system is working to help deliver a secure future for millions of Americans. But those successes depend on workers' access to advice and services.    Any policy that impairs retirement savers' ability to get the help that they need will significantly harm the prospects of millions of workers. Unfortunately, the DOL proposal will do just that.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Reid. Both the Council of Economic Advisers and the Department of Labor have argued based on their reading of the academic literature that individuals in brokerage accounts are under-performing by at least a full percentage point a year, the Department of Labor says perhaps 2 percentage points.    This is actually a fairly easy task. You can go into the Morningstar data, you can look and see where the assets are holding for the types of funds that they are talking about in their analysis, you can actually find that the assets are concentrated in low-cost funds that outperform their Morningstar average.    And so the claim that they do under-perform by this 1 percentage point is not based in data or in actual experience.    Mr. Reid. So Mr. Chairman, I think this obsessive focus on fees alone, and even a fiduciary standard doesn't say that it has to be the lowest-cost fund, can really be blinding so much so that the train can leave the station and you are not on it.    And what do I mean by that? What I mean is that investors who were not properly allocated to the market, who didn't have enough equity exposure completely missed the market run-up since 2008.    We have been in the most vigorous, bull market in the stock market probably in the last 100 years, and yet as one of the panelists has indicated, 45 percent of government employees in the TSP are in the G Fund, which basically makes just enough to get above inflation.    That is evidence, when you don't get help and advice, how much you can lose out. It is a cheap alternative, it is low cost, but they missed the train.