    Ms. Lofgren. Well, thank you very much. This is really important hearing, I think, and I'm hoping it's not the last hearing that we have on this subject.    You know, I remember when I first started working on fusion issues that people who were looking at magnetic versus IFE, it was like a religion. And I think we've actually moved past that now where people are seeing it's a--you know, we need to have a broad examination of the entire field, and I'm certainly in that spot. So I hope that my questions about the NIF will not be misconstrued as being only on the IFE pursuit.    But, as you know, Dr. Hsu, we've talked before about the National Ignition Facility, which obviously is a critical facility for this national Stockpile Stewardship Program, but it's also an important element of our science community. The National Academy report in 2013 outlined some efforts that might accelerate progress, including additional investments, better coordination--you've read the report. I won't recite everything.    I'm not--I keep mentioning this, and when the Department of Energy folks come, they cite things that the report didn't say, and I'm working with Dr. Moniz to have clarity on that.    But given the recommendations that they made, the National Academy made in terms of pursuing expanding NIF to include the direct drive and alternative modes of ignition, crafting and coordinating the joint plan for IFE research, Scientific Advisory Committee, and the like, can you comment whether that would actually improve the situation at--with IFE at the NIF in particular? Would it enhance the billions of dollars investment we've already made?    Ms. Lofgren. Right. Well, I'm just--you know, I have some level of frustration that obviously the stockpile stewardship mission was the primary mission. But the--and we have increased the number of shots dramatically, as I'm sure you're aware. But the facility itself is an underutilized resource, and that's not to take away from what we're doing with ITER in other areas. I mean, I--and when you think about what we spent on imported oil alone in 2013, an estimated $388 billion for that year on only imported oil, you know, investments in fusion science research to me is a bargain.    Now, we can't--you know, I think we made a huge mistake by setting a deadline on which we'd get ignition. How do you ever do science? That is ridiculous. I don't know who thought that up but it wasn't me. But, you know, I'm not so worried about the development. If we--once we get ignition--when we opened the National Ignition Facility, I had the chance to speak at the opening, along with many others, and I remember saying, once we get ignition, all the rest is just engineering. And, you know, people laughed but I actually have a high degree of confidence that things will take off once we clear that science.    And so really I think our effort ought to be on supporting the scientists to achieve that either, you know, we ought to ramp up at the NIF but also support the other efforts so we can achieve that incredibly important scientific milestone and then see where we go from there. And it's not just an energy source, but when you take a look at where we are and where we're going to be shortly in a shortage of water, how do you do desal without, you know, a limitless source of energy? I mean, we are going to need this as a source of energy in the near future.    So I'm about out of time but I just--playing cleanup, I just want to thank the three of you for your incredibly important work, and I hope--you know, Dr. Foster is the only physicist in the House. I am so glad that he is here. I hope that you will look at our committee as a source of support and that you will be in touch with us frequently, whether in formal hearings or informally because I think there is bipartisan interest in what you are doing.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.