    Mrs. Davis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And just very briefly, I certainly want to welcome our witnesses as well. The two issues that we have before us today are not as easy to address as one might believe, weighing the decision to create a commemorative monument against when, at the same time, we are ensuring states of future burials in Arlington National Cemetery is not an issue to be taken lightly.    We are also discussing another important topic today, to allow those eligible for TRICARE to also be eligible for health savings accounts. Both policy decisions could have positive and negative impacts, as just about everything we do does. It is never simple, right? I look forward to hearing from our witnesses on both of these issues and working together to find solutions.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, all, for your thoughtfulness around this.    Mr. Hallinan, you know, as we look at this issue, I wonder--it seems, you know, maybe pretty logical and reasonable to do that, and yet I know that in the position that you are in, you have to be thinking far enough ahead. And one of the suggestions I--you know, and I appreciate Mr. Hesselbein saying that, well, we are kind of giving the issue of where this might be if, in fact, there were this kind of memorial and perhaps others that are raised to the standard that this would be as well.    Can you think of areas where, in fact, something like that might be appropriate and perhaps it would be more than one kind of memorial along those lines, different from the memorials that have already been discussed in tree plaques and other things like that?    Mrs. Davis. Thank you.    Mrs. Davis. I appreciate that.    Mr. Hesselbein, I actually spoke to Mr. Amodei just very briefly, just thinking about other possibilities or considerations. I understand Arlington National Cemetery obviously is sacred to all of us. So I have had such moving experiences at the Vietnam Memorial, and I wonder whether that was something that you all had thought about or considered?    Mrs. Davis. Yeah. All right. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you for being here and for presenting it.    Do we have any idea of how this would score?    Mrs. Davis. Insignificant. Because it seems as if there would certainly be a hit, but maybe there are so few people that would be involved. Is that why?    Mrs. Davis. If beneficiaries were required to actively enroll in TRICARE, regardless if it was Prime or Standard to be eligible, would that alleviate the problem----    Mrs. Davis . For those with high deductible?    Mrs. Davis. If the beneficiaries were required to actively enroll in TRICARE, regardless if it was Prime or Standard to be eligible, would that then alleviate the problem for those with high deductible health insurance plans offered by their employer?    Mrs. Davis. Okay. They wouldn't be eligible?    Mrs. Davis. Okay. Thank you. I am still trying to get it. Thank you.