    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the Ranking Member for allowing me to ask some questions.    Let me just start with a couple of things here. And in the opening testimony of our Chairman, he said that he believed that the consent decree between the City of New Orleans and the Department of Justice was done through collusion. And I will just tell you that as an African-American male who grew up in New Orleans who had to deal with the New Orleans Police Department, the police department went under consent decree because of use of force, failing to investigate it, stop and searches without cause, discrimination against African-Americans, failing to investigate sex crimes against females in domestic violence, a paid detail system that invited corruption, failing to sufficiently embrace community policing, and immigration as one of them. So I just would like to clear up for anyone who thinks that, you know, we colluded all of that, it is very convenient for a White male from Virginia to talk about collusion in a consent decree.    And Attorney General Landry, let me just applaud you for working on sanctuary cities, because you believe it is important, but I would ask, can you help our Chairman Goodlatte, because he has two sanctuary cities in Virginia, and if you are going to start cleaning up, start cleaning up at home. And while we go down the list, we have four in South Carolina, every parish in Colorado, we have Sioux City in Representative King's district, we have Rockwall, Dallas, and Travis in Texas. So if we are going to start talking about sanctuary cities, don't just pick mine that you would like to allege is a sanctuary city; let's talk about all of them, especially the people who are on the Committee.    And the other thing that we talked about was the unfortunate death of a fire chief, a very respected and loved fire chief in St. John Parish. And I think that incident happened because the person fell through the cracks, and that is what we should stop, but that has absolutely nothing to do with New Orleans. The guy didn't live in New Orleans, he was never arrested in New Orleans, the company he worked for was not in New Orleans. That has absolutely no connection to the city of New Orleans. Now, the company was operated out of St. Tammany Parish with an elected official as a co-owner, which I think is deplorable, and I think that that we should be looking at prosecution for, the owners of the company, but to just single out New Orleans as some city that decided all of a sudden that we wouldn't enforce the law is just incorrect.    Zach, Mr. Butterworth, let me just ask you a question. When did you all initiate trying to make sure that the city's policy was consistent with Federal law?    Mr. Richmond. And Ms. Gupta, at what point is it your office's opinion that they did not comply with Federal law? If at any time, did they not comply with Federal law?    Mr. Richmond. So in summary, the old policy and the new policy, it is your opinion both were consistent with Federal law?    Mr. Richmond. And, Mr. Horowitz, do you have an opinion on that?    Mr. Richmond. Thank you. And I will yield back.    Mr. Richmond. Thank you.    Attorney General Landry, you said that New Orleans' policy would invite undocumented immigrants because of its status as a sanctuary city. New Orleans' foreign born population is about 6 percent. Neighboring Jefferson Parish, which is not a sanctuary city, is about 11 percent. How do we reconcile that with the notion that New Orleans is becoming a safe haven for undocumented people?    Mr. Richmond. And, look, I don't--you know, we have a great working relationship, and I know you are very tough on crime. Let me ask about the incident that killed our fire chief. The company was owned by a person in Louisiana and a State rep from Arkansas. Under Louisiana law, do you have the ability to indict the owners of the company for hiring an undocumented without a license that was driving when he caused that fatal accident?    Mr. Richmond. Well, if it is done in a very negligent manner and without--gross negligence, I think we do have some criminal statutes under which--let me just ask this, then. If we can find some criminal statutes under which to charge the owners of the company, who ultimately are at fault for hiring an undocumented, would you commit to charging them if the facts fit the statute? And I don't mind looking myself.    Mr. Richmond. Thank you. And I would yield back.    Mr. Richmond. Let me just quickly put the quote that--the great quote that I made in context. It had nothing to do with immigration that Representative King talked about. That quote was because New Orleans was under a Federal consent decree, both the police department and the sheriff's department, and it was costing us over $50 million a year, which was preventing us from making the jail or the police department constitutional.    But since Representative King brought it up, let me just ask you very quickly, Jeff--well, Attorney General Landry, can you please coordinate with the attorney general from Iowa to help them with their 23 sanctuary counties that they have in Iowa, and maybe you can coordinate? Are you willing to coordinate with Representative King to help him with his 23?    Mr. Richmond. Thank you. With that, I yield back.