    Dr. Gilmore. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Congresswoman Sanchez and members of the subcommittee. I will just briefly summarize my written testimony.    Block 2B testing was extended, but is now nearing completion. The program developed an additional build to the Block 2B mission system software designed to incorporate fixes to problems, particularly in fusion of information both from the sensors on an individual aircraft as well as from the sensors on other F-35 aircraft that were highlighted in testing that was conducted in December of last year and early in 2015.    This so-called engineering test build was flown on 17 test sorties using 3 different mission systems to test aircraft in March. And although some improvement in performance was reportedly observed, distinguishing ground targets from clutter continue to be problematic.    And given the limits in the improvement seen using this engineering test build, I understand the program has decided to field the current, that is, prior to the engineering test build version, of the Block 2B software as opposed to waiting and doing additional testing with the engineering test build and to defer fixes of the software to Block 3i development and testing. If the balance of 2B testing completes in April, this would represent a delay of about 6 months relative to the program's master schedule.    Modification of early lot aircraft into a configuration usable for combat with Block 2B capabilities, a necessity brought on by the concurrency in the program, which dates to the program's initiation back in early last decade, is taking longer than planned and longer than predicted when the Department eliminated, on my recommendation, the block to the long-planned Block 2B operational utility evaluation .    These delays, as well as other problems that motivated the extension of Block 2B testing, indicate clearly that the aircraft would not have been ready to conduct the OUE by beginning training with operational pilots this past January and convinced me that the recommendation I made, which was adopted, was the correct one.    The trends and reliability metrics we track are unclear. The most recent data we have obtained generally indicate, with the exception of mean flight hours between critical failure for the F-35B, a 3-month upward trend, which is good, from September 2014 to November 2014. However, when combined with data from the previous 3 months, they showed both declines and increases. Thus, I cannot yet conclude with confidence that reliability is continuing to improve.    Aircraft availability did show improvement at the end of 2014, as the program focused on providing greater supplies of spares and on shortening maintenance activities that had heretofore required longer aircraft downtimes. However, that trend has not been sustained so far in calendar year 2015, as the first 2 months have shown a decline. But, again, that is only 2 months. We shouldn't rush to conclusions about whether that constitutes a trend.    I have also updated my analysis of the growth and reliability needed for the F-35A and B variants to achieve their requirements based on the most recent data from November 2014. And that analysis indicates that growth and selected reliability metrics for both aircraft, the A and the B, remain insufficient to meet requirements of maturity. And there is insufficient flight hours in the C variant to preclude that--I can't do meaningful analysis at this point in development. It is still too early.    Discoveries in testing continue to occur, which should be expected in a program of this complexity, such as was highlighted regarding sensor fusion, as well as the occurrence of additional unpredicted cracking in the F-35B durability test article, which was discovered in February and caused testing to pause until repairs could be completed. Testing did restart on the 1st of April.    Flight testing of Block 3i mission systems, consisting of a Block 2B software we hosted on the upgraded set of processor hardware needed before Block 3F software can be used, we started March. And one of the mission systems test aircraft began testing the next increment of software that is called 3iR5.    Block 3F flight testing also began in March, what was limited to three single-ship test flights on one mission system's test aircraft, AF-3, prior to it being reconfigured to support late Block 3i testing. This start represents an 11-month delay relative to the program's master schedule and about a 1-month delay relative to the program's more recent projections.    Continued Block 3F testing is not scheduled until June, as the program's plans for reconfiguring aircraft in the Block 2B configuration to Block 3F are under development.    In both my annual report and my written testimony, I identified problems with the U.S. Reprogramming Laboratory, which is the government facility that is going to be used to generate what are called mission data files for the aircraft--mission data loads for the aircraft. These data loads are essential to the effective combat operations of Joint Strike Fighter.    I had identified 2 years ago shortfalls in those labs. The program office has done a study that reconfirmed those shortfalls and found new shortfalls. About 2 years ago the Secretary of Defense provided resources to correct those shortfalls, but no action has been taken.    It is my understanding, if the program office takes action very quickly, those shortfalls can be corrected in time for operational testing and, more importantly, for full operational capability, and I recommend strongly that that action be taken.    In my annual report and written testimony, I provided no review of Block 2B capabilities and limitations. The program has identified and prioritized many deficiencies for correction. Nonetheless, Block 2B aircraft will be fielded without a number of corrections of operational significance in place.    Further discovery of problems is likely, in my view, as operational units start using JSF in ways it has not previously been used. I agree with the program's assessment that there is at least 6 months' pressure in completing Block 3F, recently projected by the program to complete testing in May 2017.    While the program has worked hard to reduce the bow wave of what it calls technical debt, which are fixes to problems that were deferred from earlier mission software versions to later versions--and that continues to happen--the program is now deferring fixes, including problems with fusion and testing to Block 3i and Block 3F, which, together with the delays that have occurred in starting Block 3 testing, increase risk on the program's projected Block 3F schedule.    Thank you.    Dr. Gilmore. With regard to the time on station, the numbers you quoted were for the F-35B, and that was 20 to 30 minutes. Now, you can extend that by refueling with tankers, but then, of course, you have to plan for the tankers.    The F-35A would have up to about 45 minutes on station. That compares with about 90 minutes on station for the A-10. And that is something that will--you know, that is a limitation that will persist because of, you know, the engine and other aspects--aerodynamic aspects of the aircraft.    With regard to some of the other limitations that are discussed in my testimony, like, for example, the deficiencies in the digital communications, you know, there are problems with the nine-line message. Not all elements of it are accurate at this point. It doesn't work correctly.    And so it will require some voice communications if you are performing CAS , if you are trying to do that with a Block 2B aircraft, and--you know, as opposed to the--you know, the digital nine-line that you can use in the A-10, the Harrier, and the F-16. Those problems are, you know, planned to be corrected in Block 3F.    Dr. Gilmore. Block 3F will provide additional weapons loads and mixed weapons loads as well as external weapons. So the weapons load will increase in Block 3F.    Some of the other problems that, you know, will probably--if you are using a Block 2B aircraft, would require greater coordination with a forward air controller will, based on what the program hopes to achieve in Block 3F, you know, be fixed.    And, in fact, if everything that is realized in Block 3F is realized, I think it would be safe to say that you will have much better situational awareness in a F-35 than you would in an A-10, again, if all these Block 3F capabilities are realized, but the Block 2B capability is going to be limited.    Dr. Gilmore. We are----    Dr. Gilmore. Yes. My annual report describes some of the testing that has been done, you know, testing against hits by certain kinds of weapons that, you know, could be employed against the aircraft if it were flying low as well as if we are engaged in air-to-air combat.    The aircraft has some vulnerabilities that you would have to expect a high-performance aircraft to have. And the A-10 is going to be able to--you know, can take hits that an F-35 couldn't take.    But I don't think that the plan for having the F-35 conduct CAS is equivalent in all operational aspects to the way the A-10 would conduct CAS, and the plan would probably be for the F-35 to stand off more from many of these threats that the A-10 does not stand off from.    So, you know, the survivability of the F-35 against some of these threats isn't going to be as good as the A-10, but I think the operators would say that they wouldn't use the F-35 the same way they would use the A-10 to do close air support.    Dr. Gilmore. And I agree with you, Congresswoman.    Dr. Gilmore. That is for me?    Dr. Gilmore. I have stated previously--in fact, the last time I testified on Joint Strike Fighter was before the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense in the Senate--that the Department has no choice but to make the F-35 work.    It is critical to the future of tactical combat aviation in the Department and in the United States. And as far as I can tell and, as Mr. Stackley and General Bogdan have indicated, they and the Department are committed to making it work.    However, as has also been mentioned by the chairman and others, this is an extremely complex undertaking. And I think the best way to characterize what is happening here is that the best projections that excellent program managers like General Bogdan make can be undone by the complexity and the unknowns that we continue to face. And so we can expect those kinds of unknowns to continue to arise and to have to deal with them.    And so it is going to, in my judgment--and I don't regard this as a horribly profound observation--it is going to take longer to get this job done than anybody--and cost more than anybody now projects, but it is an important job to do.    Dr. Gilmore. The activities at Eglin have been focused on training with the early blocks of software, which has been noted, until Block 2B, don't provide any combat capabilities.    So the training opportunities have been limited not because of any limitations in Eglin's infrastructure or capabilities, but because of what the aircraft up to this point have offered.    Now, with Block 2B and beyond, the training opportunities, just because of the capabilities that will be provided, will be greater and there will be greater advantage taken of the capabilities of Eglin to serve as a training range.    I think, as you know, most of the flight testing that we have been discussing here both for flight sciences and the aerodynamic performance of the aircraft as well as the performance of the missions systems has been taking place at Edwards Air Force Base.    And that continues to be the plan because of certain unique assets that exist out there that are critical to testing the capabilities of this fifth-generation aircraft. And so I would expect that, in the future, Edwards and, you know, the Western Test Range will continue to play a very important role in testing.    Some of the weapons testing can be done at Eglin, and I expect that there will be more of that testing that is done in the future as well as training that is done at Eglin.    So, you know, there is a mix of kind of testing that is done and there are certain unique aspects out on the Western Test Range that really--that don't exist anywhere else that are the reason that most of that testing has been occurring out there. And, in fact, a large part--not all, but a large part--of the operational testing will take place at Edwards as well.    Dr. Gilmore. The things that I am discussing that are unique I would have to discuss with you----    Dr. Gilmore. . In the appropriate venue.    Dr. Gilmore. So I can't really discuss them in an open----    Dr. Gilmore. And there will be testing and there can be weapons delivery events that are done there in the future, but there are certain unique aspects to the Western Test and Training Range. They have a test and training----    Dr. Gilmore. . Range there, too. But I would be happy to discuss it with you in the appropriate forum.    Dr. Gilmore. The combat capability of Block 2B aircraft are going to be limited and there are going to be lots of work-arounds that are required for pilots and for the maintainers. And that is already been discussed.    So what I am trying to do is--and I know that the program office is trying to do this as well--but what I am trying to do is to make the operators as aware as I can of what they do have and what they won't have.    And in Block 2B, unfortunately, there will be--if you ever wanted to use it in combat--and my understanding is, associated with the initial operational capability, the Marines hold out the prospect that they would use it in combat--I will continue to seek to assure that those pilots understand what they don't have as well as what they do have. And in Block 2B there will be a lot of what they don't have.