    Mr. Weller. Well good morning, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Lujan Grisham. Nice to see you. And I appreciate very much the opportunity to be here before the Committee this morning. And if nothing else, I just want to express the gratitude and how grateful I am for the authorities and the resources this Committee provides to USDA and the stewardship you provide for America's private lands incentive-based conservation programs.    Through the 2014 Farm Bill, what you provided, what you crafted in that bill provides USDA enormous flexibilities and authorities to go out, in partnership with farmers and ranchers, deliver real results for agriculture, to help them maintain, if not boost their production, but also then help them manage their natural resource challenges in a way that is really effective. And in that farm bill, as you know, you have streamlined a lot of programs. You have maintained flexibilities, even enhanced flexibilities, and then really emphasized the value and the importance of partnerships.    And so with these authorities, on behalf of NRCS, we have been able to deliver very significant results just in the last year alone. But also looking back over previous farm bills too, there are some very significant results across America that I would like to talk about very briefly this morning. The bottom line is you can be extremely proud of the work that is being done in partnership with producers through the programs and authorities that you have authorized and funded through your hard work in the 2014 Farm Bill.    Speaking of birthdays, Mr. Chairman, our agency celebrated our 80th birthday 2 months ago. So 2 weeks after Black Sunday in April 1935, President Roosevelt, in partnership with Congress, enacted and put into law what created the Soil Conservation Service. So 80 years of history working in partnership with farmers and ranchers, on a collaborative voluntary basis, working with soil and water conservation districts, state agencies and other private partners across America. I am very honored to represent the 10,000 professionals that work at NRCS, work in field offices across America, in state offices, in centers, and in national headquarters. These men and women are true professionals. They do a lot of unheralded work that, in my view, is very honorable and is very valuable. And it is truly on behalf of America's farmers and ranchers. I am very honored to represent NRCS and hopefully convey a little bit about the results we are helping to deliver in partnership with producers.    So, first, let me talk a little bit about some of the soil benefits. In the Chesapeake Bay region alone, since 2006, producers have put in place effective conservation practices to reduce sediment loss from their crop fields, upwards of 62 percent. That translates into over 15 million tons of sediment that no longer flows in the Chesapeake Bay estuary. That is enough sediment to fill 150,000 train cars which would stretch from D.C. to Albuquerque, New Mexico every year.    In terms of soil health, Mr. Chairman, you hosted and invited us to participate in a soil health briefing last year. And we heard from producers like Mr. Groff from Pennsylvania on how they have experimented and put in place soil health management practices. In the case of Mr. Groff, he manages 225 acres in Pennsylvania. He has put in place soil health systems going back decades. And he reports yield boosts of upward of ten percent above local averages because of cover crops and wise tillage practices he has in place.    Well since 2012, NRCS, through your programs, has put in place 3.7 million acres of cover crops, to help farmers put in place 1.7 million acres of no-till practices, to help protect the soils. And in periods of drought, back in 2012, when producers were surveyed in the heartland states, this one practice alone, cover crops, produces a reported yield benefits of 12 to 15 percent for corn and beans above conventional farmers that did not incorporate cover crops as part of their rotation.    In terms of water, sometimes there is too much, sometimes there is too little, and sometimes we need to protect the water we have. In terms of water protection, because of the programs that you have authorized, we have partnered with producers in Arkansas to focus results. And because of that collaborative approach to protect water resources, the State of Arkansas is going to be able to de-list two waters from the section 303(d) impaired lists in Arkansas. And in Mr. Lucas' home State of Oklahoma, since 2007, the state, NRCS in partnership with Oklahoma Conservation Commission, de-listed upwards of 40 streams and river segments in the state, 900 miles of stream segments taken off 303(d) lists because of positive proactive conservation on behalf of farmers.    In terms of water conservation, the Ogallala Aquifer Region, in over 4 years we have put in place an effective irrigation efficiency practice with farmers that we estimate save 1.5 million acre feet of water. That is enough water to supply drinking water for 3.3 million households every year, an incredible quantity of water that is sustaining the healthy aquifer, maintaining productivity in the agricultural heartland, and also allowing for industry and municipalities to have access to that important water.    Sometimes it rains too much like in Oklahoma and Texas. Because of wise investments that this Committee has made in previous decades, we estimate we have helped protect and prevent $130 million worth of flood damages that would have occurred but for the infrastructure. This Committee, in the 2014 Farm Bill, invested in the rehab programs to help protect that infrastructure investment. And because of the wise investments, we were able to protect hundreds of thousands of families, communities, homes, public infrastructure, railways, bridges, schools, and hospitals, because of the hard work this Committee put in place.    One final example, in terms of animals, just incredible benefits on wildlife. And, oftentimes, wildlife can be the best indicator. When you manage your forests, your grasslands, your crop fields effectively, nature will respond. Just 2 weeks ago with the Louisiana black bear, Secretary Jewell, Governor Jindal proposed removing the Louisiana black bear from the endangered species list, because of investments through private lands conservation easements.    In Louisiana alone, over 217,000 acres were put in place through the Wetlands Reserve Program. And because of wise targeting and partnership with the state, we helped put in place a network of habitat that is good for protecting farmlands, protecting the values of those lands, but also protecting wetland resources, migratory bird resources. In this case, the Louisiana black bear.    North in Montana, the Arctic Fluvial Grayling was taken off the candidate list because of actions of producers, of ranchers. In Oregon, the Oregon chub, was the first fish in history to be taken off the list not because it was extinct or extirpated, but because it came back. Conservation investments through your authorities brought the Oregon chub back from a population of less than 1,000 fish, today over 140,000 fish and growing.    And then, most recently, the bi-state population of sage grouse on the border between California and Nevada, taken off the candidate list. Again, because of proactive investments through private lands conservation and the partnership of private landowners, ranchers, making a difference on their operations, going to keep them intact, keep them operating, keep them on their land, but also, in this case, keep the bird off the endangered species list.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for inviting me here today. And I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Weller. Thank you for the recognition of the contributions that the USDA programs are providing for wildlife or, in this case, to also help producers be productive and stay on their lands. In my view and the view of my colleagues at NRCS, the common thread between the environmental interests, the wildlife interests, and agriculture, at the end of the day, it is in everyone's interest to keep working lands working. You have to keep people on the land. You want them working the range. You want them working the crop field. You want them working the forests. When those lands are either abandoned, like in the West where you then lose the forests to wildfire threats because those are no longer managed or fire is not allowed to be part of the ecosystem. Or when lands are developed, they are converted to other economic uses. It has an impact on wildlife, it has an impact on the agricultural economy and the integrity of that economy, and has impacts on waters. So in terms of how we are doing the outreach, it first starts with our partnership with agricultural groups. At the end of the day, a farmer or rancher can be our best salesperson on the value of conservation.    Mr. Weller. So often, for example, like in Wyoming, it is with the Wyoming Stock Growers Association, they are avid proponents for the value of easements, the value of range conservation. And with them, we have partnered with the Wyoming Stock Growers Association to put in place, in my view, one of the most effective sage step conservation efforts, frankly, in history, to help address concerns with sage grouse. But, in this case, it is also about keeping intact Wyoming ranching operations. It is also working through local soil and water conservation districts. They know, they have the local networks of relationships with producers. They can then have the networks and partnerships with agricultural groups at the local level, can help get the work out about opportunities, about how to work better with NRCS, but other opportunities that may be available through the state or other private groups.    Mr. Weller. I will take the first stab at that, sir. In part, in Georgia, but also along the Southeast, we are really focused with private landowners on the Longleaf pine ecosystem as one of the areas. And we have put a lot of assistance on the ground, partnering with other Federal agencies, like the Department of Defense, as well as Forest Service, but, crucially, with local landowners and locally led associations to really try and protect, but also recover and restore the Longleaf pine ecosystem. Just in the last 4 years, for example, we have helped put in place forestry management practices on about 260,000 acres of the Longleaf pine ecosystem, in a targeted fashion though, for example, around military installations, to provide an operating buffer around military bases, to reduce the pressure, development pressures, so the military can keep doing what they need to do to train, make sure they are prepared and ready, but also to offset some of the environmental pressures the bases themselves feel with ESA constraints and really provide a safety valve, a cushion around military installations.    So it is everything from, as you said, forest stand improvements, replanting, firebreaks, prescribed fire burns, a lot of different types of practices that, at the end of the day, empowering private landowners to better manage their stands for timber protection, but also to keep those stands intact from an ecosystem protection standpoint.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. And we are coordinating those with the local forestry groups and the local county agencies and whatnot?    Mr. Weller. Absolutely. So we work with the State Foresters and local forestry groups as well. At the county level, we work with local communities and counties to really focus, because we don't have enough resources to do it by ourselves. It is truly a network of folks bringing the expertise, the forestry expertise, a little bit of financial assistance to help producers and landowners put in place the practices they need. But we are just, at the end of the day, a small component of a much bigger network of groups helping with forestry management in Southeast.    Mr. Allen of Georgia. They know the land. They know the habitat. And they know the conservation needs. And so thank you for coordinating with them locally. Did you have any comments?    Mr. Weller. It begins, again, at the local level as we talked about with Mr. Allen. In this case, working with the Tribal community and the Tribal government, and, first, truly understanding what is it they need and what is it they want to have happen on their lands, on their reservation? And that can be both a formal consultation. But, more importantly, it is really the day-to-day informal interaction we have. And more often than not, we actually co-locate, like in Arizona, we have field offices on the Navajo Nation, where we have employees who work full-time doing nothing but partnering with the Navajo Nation and members of the nation to, first, identify what their agricultural production goals are and then what assistance can we bring to help the nation be more efficient with water, to recover the range, to improve pasture, put in place low-cost infrastructure to help them irrigate. So there are examples of that across Arizona, but really across the United States.    We really start from the local level of the Tribe, listening, and then helping them identify what are some practices, whether they are culturally specific, to help them grow food that is appropriate for their nation or what are some of the expertise, whether it is engineering expertise, range, agronomy expertise, forestry expertise, at the end of the day, managing their Tribal land for productive purposes. One example, and it is actually from New Mexico, working with the Pueblo. It is a much smaller community. But it is an example, and this is the Santo Domingo Pueblo near Albuquerque. I had an opportunity to visit with the Pueblo and understand the value of what our assistance really means. In this case, they were using what they called Indian ditches which had been in place for centuries. And these ditches were worn out, really inefficient. And they were losing land, arable land. And you want to talk about producing food in a food desert, they literally are growing food in a desert. So they were very much concerned about maintaining the culture and the integrity of the Pueblo. And they wanted to be able to attract members back to the Pueblo, young families who were leaving because they didn't have economic opportunity.    Well, then NRCS came in, and we retrofitted their ditches, put in gravity pressurized subsurface pipes, and what used to take days, literally, for the water to flood irrigate a field, we can now irrigate in a matter of hours. They are able bring to bring back 200 acres into production, growing native culturally specific foods as part of their healthy diet, and I talked to veteran farmers who just had serviced the nation by defending us, had returned to the Pueblo solely because they had an economic opportunity.    It is examples like that where we are working with Tribal governments, Tribal communities to help them benefit from their lands and also do a better job of resource stewardship.    Mr. Weller. Well, sir, the NRCS does not administer the Forest Legacy Program, and so you can talk a little bit about our experiences of working through our portfolio, and I would be more than happy to take back any concerns or ideas to my counterpart Chief Tidwell at the U.S. Forest Service, as the Forest Service administers the Forest Legacy Program.    But through the Committee's programs, the Agricultural Conservation Easement Program, which is the main farm bill working lands focused program, there are two components, one of which is a little bit analogous to the Forest Legacy Program, and that is the Agricultural Land Easement Program, and truly is a partnership with land trusts.    The second panel is going to be one of our partners in Pennsylvania is going to be testifying, and through this program, we provide financial assistance actually directly to a partner, whether a state agency or through a land trust organization or conservancy, and they are the ones, at the end of the day, that close the deal, that work with the landowner, negotiate, enter into the easement, and they are really responsible for the long-term stewardship and management of that conservation easement.    So there are examples of this that the Committee supported where that locally-led approach through a partner like a land trust has been very effective, and together, in a partnership, we have been able to protect over a million acres of these easements, working land easements across the United States.