    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Madam Chair, for being here. I tell you, I am shocked, shocked, I tell you, that you were actually meeting with the President or the Secretary of the Treasury or anyone else. You should be sitting in a closet making these decisions on your own. I am personally shocked that you or anyone else would care about growing income inequality. What a terrible, terrible thing to care about.    By the way, my schedule is private. What I say in meetings is private, with my constituents, with people I don't agree with, with people I agree with. If you open that door, I challenge all my colleagues, Democrat and Republican, to do the same, open every meeting you have with everyone, including lobbyists.    By the way, Madam Chair, have you donated any money to a Member of Congress?    Mr. Capuano. Have the banks donated any money to a Member of Congress to your knowledge?    Mr. Capuano. I think they have. By the way, Madam Chair, I hope I am on your Christmas card list because I would be very offended if I don't get a Christmas card. With all of that nonsense aside, all of that hypocrisy aside, that doesn't mean I agree with you on everything. I can't tell you how strongly I disagree with the Fed's recent decision to take municipal bonds and declare them not high quality liquid assets. They are still the safest investment in this country, and to tell banks they can't hold them as capital needs, other than the risky ones--of course there are some risky munis, but most of them are safe. To tell them not to--you may as well tell those banks they should take their cash and stuff it in a mattress. That is the only safer place for investment.    Mr. Capuano. They have never been a problem. And what this does is simply drive up costs to taxpayers and simultaneously reduce investment in economic enhancements. That is what munis are used for. It is a shortsighted, wrong policy, in my opinion, even though I am not on your dance card for many different things.    I also want to talk a minute about too-big-to-fail. The FDIC, and you both basically said the last--the second, not the first, the second submission of these living wills were inadequate. Yet, the FDIC was pretty clear about it. I want to read--as a matter of fact, I would like to submit a copy of the comments from Vice Chairman Hoenig for the record.    But in his comments, he said the plans provide no credible or clear path through bankruptcy that doesn't require unrealistic assumptions in direct or indirect public support, and on and on and on. My time is running out.    I want to get to one simple question. You said earlier you are going to give them a third try. We won't know the results of that third try until a year or so from now, maybe longer. If they don't meet your requirements at the third try, what you said is--I wrote it down here somewhere, something along the lines of you would be upset. You would say, oh, my goodness, you failed.    Honestly, if my mother or my teacher or my priest told me, if you do those terrible things, I will be very disappointed, I don't need to tell you, but when I was irresponsible, it didn't much matter.    Mr. Capuano. What are you going to do with--    Mr. Capuano. What does that mean?    Mr. Capuano. What does that mean?    Mr. Capuano. What is the practical result of finding them not credible?    Mr. Capuano. You would increase capital requirements?    Mr. Capuano. Would you break them up?    Mr. Capuano. So 5 years after Dodd-Frank, they still have potentially 3 years before there are any serious consequences to prove to you that they no longer operate a threat to the entire U.S. economic system?    Mr. Capuano. But they have been found insufficient by virtually everybody who studies these, except the Fed.    Mr. Capuano. The last line of Mr. Hoenig's letter says, ``In theory, Title I solves too-big-to-fail. However, in practice, it is not the passage of the law. Rather, it is implementation that determines whether the issue is resolved.''    Madam Chair, I will tell you that it is insufficient at the moment.