    Dr. Morris. Chairman Davis, Ranking Member DelBene, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. The position that I serve is as the Deputy Administrator of Livestock Poultry and Seed Program for USDA Agricultural Marketing Service, or AMS, whose mission is to facilitate the efficient fair marketing of U.S. agricultural products. Within AMS the Quality Systems Verification Programs, or QSVPs, offered to the agricultural industry, there are a family of user-fee funded, audit-based, third-party verification services. There are a number of QSVPs, including those known as export verification programs, or EV programs, which are negotiated between the United States and foreign governments to ensure U.S. products meet the requirements of foreign buyers and keep U.S. products competitive in an international marketplace.    These EV programs are vital to reopening foreign markets to U.S. beef after our nation's first case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy. However, the QSVP I wish to focus on today is the highly visible USDA Process Verified Progam, or PVP. Currently, my program audits 51 different PVP companies, with approximately 190 different process verified marketing claims. Several PVP companies have labels in the marketplace featuring various market claims associated with the PVP shield. Examples of these marketing claims include use of antibiotics in animal agriculture, product availability, product palatability attributes such as tenderness and employee training in areas of animal welfare. Transparency of the standard behind the marketing claim and the knowledge that USDA is an independent auditor are the two key aspects of the PVP.    Companies establish their criteria they want verified, write a quality management system program manual, then undergo rigorous audits by AMS to ensure that they are adhering to the standards they set for themselves.    Recently, AMS approved a PVP for a company to verify their marketing claim that the food grade corn and soybeans processed at one of their facilities are tested to ensure they are at least 99.1 percent free of traits that would indicate genetic engineering and to market their products as non-GMO/GE.    I also think it is important to point out what the PVP program does not do. The PVP program is a Process Verified Progam, and not a product verification program. In the example of the non-GMO/GE PVP mentioned above, this means that there is no USDA non-GMO/GE marketing claim standard. In other words, USDA has not established a standard for what merits a non-GMO/GE marketing claim. Instead, the PVP verifies that the standard accompanied established for itself is transparent and being adhered to. By transparent, I mean that the standard behind the marketing claim is detailed on the USDA website, such as the specific GE traits being tested for, what testing methods are being used, the competency of those performing the tests, and that the USDA PVP website is available to any interested party to learn more about the basic of any PVP marketing claim.    Second, the PVP is not a truth-in-food labeling program. Within the U.S. Government, with narrow statutory exception, regulatory bodies at the Food and Drug Administration and other agencies, such as the Food Safety and Inspection Service for certain commodities and not AMS are charged with ensuring that all food labeling claims, regardless of if they are associated with a PVP or not are truthful and not misleading. We have seen and heard that there is some confusion regarding how this non-GMO/GE PVP relates to AMS's administration of the National Organic Program, or NOP. Therefore, I would like to offer some background differentiating those two programs.    The NOP is a regulatory program within AMS that establishes national organic standards and protects the integrity of the USDA organic label through certification and proper enforcement. As authorized by Congress, under the Organic Foods Production Act, these organic standards assure consumers that products with the USDA seal meet consistent uniform standards.    By contrast, USDA has not established standards for non-GMO/GE claims. So, although the non-GMO/GE PVP outlined earlier does provide transparency and third-party verification, it is not establishing a national standard for what merits a non-GMO/GE claim like we have done for the National Organic Program organic claims.    In conclusion, AMS's audit-based services such as the USDA PVP allow producers to assure customers of their ability to provide consistent quality products, or services, but do not establish national standards for marketing claims. Again, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Dr. Morris. Absolutely. What the USDA Process Verified Progam is about is that when a company establishes for itself a standard that it wants to adhere to, we insure that--essentially, the internal quality management system within that company is operating as intended. It takes on two steps: One, we require a company to develop a documented quality management system. They submit that to us. We do a desk review of that to make sure that as written, that will deliver on the claim that they set for themselves. It will consistently produce a product that meets their standard. We then do on-site audits to make sure that in-plant, the things that they are doing reflect what we saw in the written manual. So it is all about them adhering to their own systems. But it is nothing about, at the end of the day, the product meets a certain USDA standard.    Dr. Morris. Somewhat, yes. In the case of the National Organic Program, Congress provided us express authority to develop national standards for what merits an organic claim. So we actually have a standard for what meets an organic claim. Then we have specific enforcement powers and investigation powers provided to us, again, by Congress, and implemented through regulation, and we go out and accredit the certifiers to make sure that they are competent as a certification body in performing the certifications on farm organic agriculture.    Dr. Morris. The U.S. marketing chain is very dynamic, and there is really not a one-size-fits-all approach. Clearly, in the cases of the organic program, Congress provided USDA with specific authority to set a single national standard. In many cases, the marketplace works quite well through a process verification where the industry sets for itself standards that it basically adheres to.    So there is not necessarily one specific approach that works best in any one situation. We do, obviously, though, look to Congress for input in terms of the specific areas that would merit standardization nationally.    Dr. Morris. Well, and that gets to exactly the reason the PVP was developed. The purpose of the PVP, what it was designed to do, is when you see similar claims in commerce, to be able to have transparency back to what is the standard behind that claim. So what the PVP is trying to do is give consumers that ability to go back and see those different standards that are in place in the marketplace. But we have many standards oftentimes, and they operate quite well.    Dr. Morris. And they can be, yes.    Dr. Morris. And they can be, yes, if there is not transparency back to the standards themselves.    Dr. Morris. Well, yes. Anything that is USDA organic is, by definition, non-GMO, as genetically engineered crops are not allowed to be used in that system. Now, I have to recognize that I do not oversee the National Organic Program. I have a peer, Deputy Administrator, Miles McEvoy, and if you would like, we can provide you with additional information in written form after I have had an opportunity to confer with him that goes into much more detail about how the National Organic Program not only controls that issue, but allows for the marketing of those products as non-GMO or non-GE.    Dr. Morris. The PVP that we operate today is fully user-fee funded. So we establish a fee rate that is cost recovery. It basically pays for the caliber of the employees that we have carrying out the activities. So there are no appropriations required for carrying out the PVP.    Dr. Morris. Yes. The only issues that we would potentially have would be the development of standards, or things like that, the Subcommittee could be contemplating that we would need some source of funds to recover.    Dr. Morris. Yes. Quality management systems are used extensively. They are used extensively in the manufacturing and service industries. Essentially, a quality management system is a collection of the business processes that are focused on meeting a customer's requirements. It is expressed at the organizational structure, the policies, the procedures, the processes and resources needed to implement quality management. There are a number of different quality management system regimes out there, but far and away, the ISO 9000 family of standards is the most widely implemented worldwide, and those are the standards that we have chosen to implement as the basis of our Process Verified Program.    Dr. Morris. Without question, the ISO is the world's largest developer of voluntary international standards. They facilitate worldwide trade by providing that common set of language between nations. They have nearly 20,000 different standards at the ISO that cover everything from manufactured products and technology to food safety, to agriculture, health care. It basically allows products from different markets to be directly compared. When we established the Process Verified Progam, we wanted it to have international recognition. We knew that our audit-based services under the broader class of what we call the quality service verification programs would need to have recognition from foreign governments so that we could keep U.S. agricultural products flowing. That is why we chose to use that as the basis of our program.    Dr. Morris. Well, it is very similar to the issue of whether or not there needs to be a single national standard for every single marketing claim out there. I think voluntary versus mandatory works well in different situations. We have, in AMS, a number of mandatory programs and a number of voluntary programs, both of which we believe are doing an outstanding job of facilitating marketing. It really depends on the context of the specific issue in play.    Dr. Morris. You would be hard-pressed to go to a grocery store and not see the product of a lot of our voluntary marketing programs. Everything from USDA choice beef to grade A eggs to certified Angus beef, to a lot of the claims that you would see on particular products related to responsible use of antibiotics, or humanely-raised claim. All of those are voluntary activities. So these are companies that have decided to voluntarily differentiate themselves from the marketplace and utilize AMS as their third-party auditor, and then also have the transparency behind the standards that they have set for themselves, not only available on the USDA website, but available to anybody that would seek that information.    Dr. Morris. Well it depends on the program. For a number of our mandatory programs, we have express authority provided to us for investigation and enforcement. In the case of our voluntary programs, companies, especially PVP companies, they have basically chosen to differentiate themselves from the broader market. They have chosen to hold themselves up as a company that not only has transparency but is following through on their standards. In that situation, if a company has built a brand around a PVP and then loses that PVP, that penalty alone is quite significant to that company in the marketplace.    Clearly, in the course of our audits, both desk and on-site, we do find non-conformance. We have had firms that have lost their process verified status. That impacts their ability to continue to sell products as process verified, and really undermines the brand that they have developed for themselves.    Dr. Morris. It depends on the severity of the non-conformance. We have minor non-conformance that we can deal with in follow-up audits, we are requesting corrective and preventive action. We have significant non-conformance that can render a program immediately unapproved, and we are actually at that point looking back in to the product that was produced since the last audit. So it really varies based on the issues at play. We have for-cause audits that we will see things occur in the marketplace or have third parties bring to us products that they don't believe to be conforming, and that could initiate us coming in and doing an on-site for-cause audit, which then, again, can affect their approval.    Dr. Morris. In AMS, we carry out both kinds of programs, mandatory labeling programs and also our voluntary labeling programs. Again, the voluntary labeling programs are carried out on a fee-for-service basis. So these are companies that are choosing to differentiate themselves in the market hoping to command a premium for their products because, obviously, they are paying for the verification service that we provide.    So the question is one of is it appropriate for companies to try to demand a premium for the product, which is what people obviously use AMS for with our Process Verified Progam and other voluntary marketing programs, or in the mandatory scheme that we carry out in other areas where we have been provided authority by Congress.    Dr. Morris. No. Again, because the voluntary programs basically go where the market wants them. And so we don't typically sit down on our voluntary programs and determine the return on investment, because a company is making that decision when they approach us. And so as we dealt with on this particular firm that we were discussing during the testimony, they have made a business decision that the investment in AMS auditing is going to help them command a premium in the marketplace for their products. That is a very different model. So we don't track the mandatory versus voluntary unless we are going into an environment where we are given authority by Congress to require labeling.    Dr. Morris. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Does the gentleman from Massachusetts wish to produce his poll or his Pinocchios for the record?    Dr. Morris. Absolutely. As I opened with my statement, the efforts of AMS are divided primarily on commodity lines, and I don't actually have marketing orders under my purview. Let me go back to the Department and we will work with our Office of the General Counsel and Department of Justice and prepare something for you in writing.    The Chairman. Thank you. Thank you. And for the record too----    Dr. Morris. Yes.    The Chairman.--you already oversee a program that is synonymous with non-GMO, that is organic. So can you tell us, for the record today, that if one buys an organic product, certified organic product, meets all the standards, that it does not include genetically modified seeds?    Dr. Morris. Now, again, I have a peer, Deputy Administrator Miles McEvoy. He is the Deputy Administrator of the National Organic Program. Let me go back with him, and we will prepare for you, for the record, a much more expansive reply.    The Chairman. All right. And the organic program sets a single standard for organic marketing claims, though?    Dr. Morris. Correct.    The Chairman. Can we fairly conclude the establishment of this voluntary and transparent standard for organic has helped actually build the market for those products?    Dr. Morris. Yes. I think that would be a fair conclusion.    The Chairman. Okay. All right. I will reserve the balance of my time and recognize Mr. Scott, again, for a second round of questions.    Dr. Morris. Well, that would be up to the firm that would--well, I guess it would be up to the city or the municipality that has passed that requirement. So we have not been approached at AMS about carrying out any mandatory labeling programs for genetically engineered products.    Dr. Morris. That would have to be determined at the state level.    Dr. Morris. There are a lot of different agencies that relate to food labeling. AMS deals, with the exception of those areas, we have mandatory labeling programs or specific statutory authority to set standards. Most of what we are dealing with, most of what I particularly deal with, are these voluntary mandatory claims that are used at the national level. We would probably need to go back and consider the impacts of some of the state level labeling laws and what impact that would have on USDA, or more broadly, the Executive Branch. I probably need to follow up with you on that, because that gets outside of, really, my scope.    Dr. Morris. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from Michigan is recognized, Mr. Moolenaar, for 5 minutes.    Dr. Morris. Well, genetic engineering is really the method used to arrive at the claim. In the case of genetically modified, genetically modified organism, GMO, those are terms that consumers rightly or wrongly are associating with a class of products that they are wanting to seek more information about or have an opinion about one way or another. So genetically engineered is the technology that is arriving at this class of foods that are often labeled as non-GMO, there is a lot of Federal guidance in this area. But there are different kinds of genetic--it is very complicated. We can get back to you with a little bit more in writing if you want in terms of some of the different technologies and how they are applied. But genetic engineering is clearly the proper term for this class of foods that we are discussing.    Dr. Morris. Correct.    Dr. Morris. Absolutely.    Dr. Morris. Yes. In the case of the non-GMO/GE PVP that we have approved, we are specifically looking for those traits that indicate genetic engineering. So an example, and let's say livestock, where you can naturally select cattle that are pulled without horns. Or you can go with gene editing and kind of preordain that you have decided that this is going to be a pulled animal more efficiently than if you went through natural selection. Those are very different things.    So in the case of our non-GMO/GE program, we are really looking for those traits that wouldn't be arrived at through natural selection that are much more genetic engineering as opposed to some of the gene editing and some of those other things.    Dr. Morris. AMS doesn't regulate the term natural for meat, poultry, and egg products, our sister agency, the Food Safety and Inspection Service, and for all of the commodities, the Food and Drug Administration. So natural claims fall in a whole different area that are somewhat independent or on a separate stream from the debate we are having on non-GMO/GE.    Dr. Morris. Yes. We have looked at the legislation. We have worked with technical assistance with the Subcommittee, absolutely.    The Chairman. All right. If the non-GE certification provisions included in the Pompeo-Butterfield bill were enacted, would that give the USDA the authority to establish a standard for non-GE food labeling programs?    Dr. Morris. We are familiar--as I stated, we are familiar with the legislation as introduced. Our read of the bill is aimed at providing authority to establish a standard, but certainly there are many aspects of the legislation, and we continue to analyze its impact if it is enacted in its current form. It does affect many agencies in the Department, so we are working through that.    The Chairman. All right. Under the bill, the USDA is instructed to promulgate regulations establishing a non-GE labeling program. When the agency promulgates regulations to implement such programs as they did with the National Organic Program, what kind of opportunity is typically available for the public to comment and influence the rulemaking process?    Dr. Morris. Again, without final legislation explicitly directing us on what to do, there are several processes that we could use. With our standard rulemaking process, we typically, we always do provide the public with multiple opportunities to comment. Again, we don't have the final legislation or our regulatory guidance at this time.    The Chairman. And we don't have the final legislation either, hopefully you can come back and we can have further discussion.    But my last question, some observers assert that because some consumers desire information concerning the use or nonuse of genetic engineering, all consumers should pay the price through mandatory labeling schemes. I know that some other Members mentioned this process with you, but it seems to me that USDA's voluntary labeling programs provide additional information to consumers about how their food was raised or produced, and they do so in a manner that adds value to the agricultural production, marketing claim.    Would you agree that the USDA's labeling programs provide value?    Dr. Morris. In short, yes. As we stated, these services are provided for a fee. So the private-sector is very smart, that they are making a decision that there is a value in paying for the service that we provide.    The Chairman. So you agree these labels provide useful information to consumers who actually desire it?    Dr. Morris. Yes.    The Chairman. Okay. Well, I have no further questions.    I will yield to the Ranking Member for any last questions or closing statement.    Dr. Morris. You bet.