    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding the hearing. Gentlemen, thank you for your service to our country and for being willing to help us today. The two phrases that I picked out that you indicated, one was that the U.S. was an indispensable actor, if I understood that correctly. And the second one was that Iraq was the center of gravity for ISIS. As we look at the realization that a military component cannot, in and of itself, settle this problem, we all know, and I think all of us have always known you need the political and the economic and diplomatic. But you have also indicated that you cannot settle it without a significant military component. So that we can make sure we have learned from our mistakes and don't commit them going forward, what was the impact of not having a significant military component in Iraq in terms of allowing the strengthening of ISIS?    Ambassador Crocker. An important question, Congressman. In 2011, of course, we withdrew all of our military forces from Iraq. But in my view, that was not the most significant withdrawal. Really in 2011, we also pulled back from serious, sustained political engagement with Iraqi political leaders. You can argue we shouldn't have to do this, shouldn't be in the middle of somebody else's internal affairs, but it is a hard truth that the Iraqi political system will not function in any positive manner unless there is someone in the middle between and among the different factions.    So it wasn't the withdrawal of U.S. combat power that I think set us on such a grim road from 2011 until today, so much as it was a withdrawal of U.S. political engagement. And that is why I have urged, for some time, and I am sure Secretary Kerry wonders what he ever did to me, but I would like to see him out there, backed up by the President, with a series of phone calls, not just to the prime minister, but to political leaders of every faction to try to get them to the point where they can pass, for example, national guard legislation, which has been stalled in parliament now for months. That would permit provinces to raise their own national guards, which would be paid and equipped by the central government, but much like our own National Guard system, would be under the authority of a provincial governor. That is how you get your hold force for places like Mosul and Ramadi. But it can only happen if the politics work. The politics manifestly will not work.    Mr. Forbes. Would it be unfair to say that it would be difficult to make the politics work, even had we had that kind of engagement, if we didn't have at least a significant military component to buttress that politics?    Ambassador Crocker. It is very hard to know, sir. Yes, I argued for and would like to have seen a long-term military presence, precisely for the reasons I think you are suggesting, not so much for the combat power they would bring, but as an indication that we are serious about what goes on in Iraq, we have got our men and women in this game in harm's way. You better pay attention.    Mr. Forbes. Can you give us a snapshot of what 2011 looked like with ISIS then compared to today?    Ambassador Crocker. I would have to go back 2 years further to 2009, because that was when I left Iraq. Through a sustained civil-military, multi-agency effort, we had beaten back Al Qaeda pretty soundly. But even with the surge, we couldn't quite eliminate them. There were little pockets in Mosul, up the river valley to the Syrian border. We could never quite get at it. Or if we did get it, they would recreate. And this was because, in spite of the progress that was made, lingering sectarian divisions in the country. Well, those divisions widened into canyons after 2011. And that is what we are dealing with today.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mrs. Davis.