    Dr. Hesterman. Thank you, Chairwoman Walorski, Ranking Member McGovern, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, including my Michigan representatives, Mr. Benishek and Mr. Moolenaar. Good morning. Thank you for holding today's hearing.    Fair Food Network's signature program is Double Up Food Bucks. Our experience shows that matching SNAP benefits with incentives for locally grown produce is a cost-effective way to reduce hunger, improve dietary health, and stimulate local economies that create jobs. There are three main points that I would like to leave you with today. First, health food incentives work. Second, the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentives grant program, or FINI, that Congress created in the 2014 Farm Bill is supporting excellent work nationwide. And third, such results warrant supporting and expanding this public-private partnership.    I founded Fair Food Network in 2009, at a time when 17 percent of Michiganders were receiving SNAP. Knowing that I was in a state with a strong agriculture sector, it made sense to try a SNAP incentive program modeled after one that I had seen in Maryland a few years before, and you are going to hear a little bit more about that program in a minute. The design is simple. For every dollar of SNAP a customer spends on locally grown produce, they get an additional dollar to spend on more fruits and vegetables. We piloted Double Up Food Bucks at five farmers' markets that first year. Last year, Double Up operated in more than 140 farmers' markets and 22 groceries stores throughout the state.    So how do we know it works? In 2007, prior to the start of Double Up Food Bucks, total annual SNAP sales at farmers' markets throughout the State of Michigan was $15,000. In 2015, shoppers spent more than $1.5 million in SNAP and Double Up at participating farmers' markets, an additional $200,000 at grocery stores. These are dollars dedicated to helping families bring home more fruits and vegetables. Our evaluation shows that 85 percent of customers say they are eating more produce because of the program, and 60 percent are eating less junk food. Partnerships are crucial to the program's success. We work closely with Michigan SNAP education efforts and organizations. You can learn more about our experience in Michigan in documents that we included in the appendix of our testimony.    But this is not just a Michigan success story. We conducted an evaluation with three other organizations, analyzing 500 farmers' markets in 24 states, and found that, regardless of the setting, urban or rural, large or small, incentives work. Congress responded, and created the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Program. USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture is implementing this $100 million competitive grants program. We were honored to receive a grant in the first round of funding, which we matched with over $5 million of additional private funding. This multi-year investment has been a game changer for us, and a huge opportunity for the field. It is allowing us to expand Double Up to many more sites, to extend the program to year-round, and develop new payment transaction technologies that ensure SNAP program integrity, and reduce administrative costs. New partners in many states are working with Fair Food Network to bring Double Up to their communities. As we look ahead toward the next farm bill, there are two opportunities we should be considering. First, we need to develop additional payment technologies for different retail settings, and second, communications is absolutely vital to the success of incentive programs. When people use Double Up, they are hooked. But if they don't know about it, they are not able to benefit from the incentives.    In conclusion, we know there is no single silver bullet, but our experience, and that of our colleagues nationwide, demonstrates the power of healthy food incentives. They work. By partnering across disciplines, we can integrate healthy local produce into an existing Federal nutrition program, and create benefits on multiple fronts simultaneously. Every Federal dollar spent has an immediate return on investment, in terms of reducing hunger, increasing produce consumption, and boosting farm income. FINI is making a difference. It is supporting workable models that are enhancing the value of SNAP and creating connections between rural and urban communities. We have an opportunity now to prepare for and support further development and expansion of this public-private partnership. Many of you have SNAP incentive programs in your districts, and I encourage you to visit them and learn more. Thank you again for this opportunity to share our experience.    Dr. Hesterman. So for most of the markets so far the program starts around beginning of June, and ends either end of October or end of December. We are just now starting to experiment with some year-round programs. So there are ten farmers' markets now throughout the state, including in Detroit, including in Flint, Michigan now that are running year-round. And it is a combination of products coming from hoop houses from the farmers, some products that have been stored, but certainly the amount of locally grown is much reduced.    In the grocery store setting, we are going to start next year with some experiments with year-round, and seeing if we can get a combination of locally grown and produce that are grown in other places by other growers, because we know families need fruits and vegetables year-round, not just during the northern growing season.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate it. And just quickly, Dr. Wright, in the Bluegrass Farm To Table, the public-private partnership, was it easier to get private dollars for the FINI grant because you actually had an established program that you could say to the community, we just need partnership with this? Was it a relatively easy partnership?    Dr. Hesterman. I would just say that what these incentive programs are doing is demonstrating that we can take a program that has been designed primarily as an anti-hunger program and turning it into an anti-hunger and pro-health program at the same time. I like to say you can pay the farmer now or the doctor later. And so the integration of the incentive programs with a strong SNAP Program is absolutely critical to the success of both.    Dr. Hesterman. In Michigan we have actually looked specifically at the comparison of the Double Up Food Bucks Program in urban and rural settings, and, in fact, in the packet that we gave you, one of the appendices is a paper that we put together, specifically, on the rural experience with Double Up Food Bucks. What we are finding is, while the program operation works whether you are in an urban or rural setting, right now we are finding, in Michigan, faster growth of the program in our rural communities and rural markets than we are in our urban settings. And that is not what we had expected, but we are just finding the uptake on the program in rural markets and rural communities actually is going much faster now.    Dr. Hesterman. So in my case I had an advantage that not all of my colleagues in the field have, and that is that I spent about 17 years as a Program Director at the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, actually funding programs in food systems and rural development. And, in fact, the very first funding that ever went to the Crossroads Market, where Ms. Kiley now shops, came from our program at Kellogg Foundation. And I thought it was such a cool idea that I followed it throughout the years, and when we founded Fair Food Network, I decided, let us try this in a state that really needs it, that doesn't have any kind of incentive program.    But at that time, raising money from foundations, for me, was talking with my friends and colleagues, because I had been in the field so much. So we actually went after some pretty significant dollars from some of the larger foundations, and that is how we got it started in Michigan, was with philanthropic dollars, and ran it for about 5 years, solely based on funding from about 50 different foundations. Some of the large private foundations, like Kellogg and Kresge Foundations, but some of the smaller foundations, Battle Creek Community Foundation, Jackson County Community Foundation--what I have found is that this incentive work is some of the easiest work to raise money for in the philanthropic community because the people get it. It is a win-win-win. This investment of $1 is leveraging so much impact. And it is important to say that now that we have the match from the Federal Government, that--it has brought on board many, many more philanthropic resources because they can see their funding being leveraged as well.    Dr. Hesterman. You are welcome.    Dr. Hesterman. Yes.    Mr. Benishek.--process the SNAP cards. Can we help these small farmers' markets out, where this purchase of equipment costs money? What is going on there? Have you run into this problem at your level?    Dr. Hesterman. Actually, we are hearing more about this. It is sort of part of a larger set of issues that we are hearing about, where farmers' markets, in order to do the EBT and the incentive work, are needing to invest in equipment, and wireless technologies, to do this. And we believe that, if USDA were able to make it easier for farmers' markets to equip themselves with what they need to transact EBT and Double Up incentive business, we would be way ahead. And right now that is something that I believe needs to be worked out, probably USDA, and with the state SNAP----    Dr. Hesterman. Great.    Mr. Benishek.--I think that is an undue burden on many of the markets, which don't have a lot of money to be throwing around with equipment.    Dr. Hesterman. Yes, I agree with you, and definitely will follow up.    Dr. Hesterman. Yes.    Dr. Hesterman. Yes, sure. Met them. In fact, we are in a conversation with them up in Traverse, and with folks in Detroit, at the Eastern Market, to look into, as we go to a year-round program with our Double Up Food Bucks, to have some of those locally grown and frozen products available during the winter that can be purchased with the incentives.    Dr. Hesterman. The FINI program allows for fresh, and frozen, and canned, as long as there are no added sugars and so forth to the product. So we don't have any restrictions about whether we want to take that from fresh, and also look at frozen. And it is something for a couple of markets, where you have the specific programs that freeze, and the locally grown, we are looking at.    Dr. Hesterman. Well, you either need WiFi, or you need to hook into the cellular data system, or you need a land line, but to conduct the EBT business, you need some kind of----    Dr. Hesterman. So there are farmers' markets in Michigan, and the Michigan Farmers' Market Association is very active with helping markets get set up, with the----    Dr. Hesterman. I believe through the Farmers' Market Coalition, that is happening. One of the issues that Mr. Benishek raised is the issue of when a farmers' market moves location they have to get a different FNS authorization number to be a vendor. You have situations where markets may have to shift location different times of the year. So that is one way that it is not just about the equipment, but it is about having to get a new authorization number, which could require additional equipment.    Dr. Hesterman. Thank you for that question. So I actually look at this a little bit differently than what I have heard from some of my colleagues here. I actually think we need to start figuring out how to take advantage of the current and future of transaction processing technology. We are doing an experiment now, ten farmers' markets in the Grand Rapids area of Michigan, where this becomes the transaction processing device for farmers for EBT and for incentives.    So we worked with a software company to get an app developed that farmers can download. It is like Square, where customers can come and bring their EBT card directly to the farmer, and earn their Double Up Food Bucks, spend their Double Up Food Bucks. You get rid of the stigma of a person having to go and collect tokens. You get rid of the administrative cost of counting out tokens and writing reimbursement checks to farmers. And we need to be encouraging, USDA and all of us, working together, need to be encouraging the development of more types of transaction processing technology like this.    We don't need just one app. We need a bunch of different experiments, and how we are going to use modern processing technology, it keeps the program more secure, and helps us keep track of what is going on, and makes it easier transaction processing for the vendor and for the customer.    Dr. Hesterman. Thank you for the question. We know that the number one dietary challenge across the board, but especially for low-income families, is increasing fruit and vegetable consumption. And we also know it is one of the most difficult to afford aspects of creating a healthier diet. So, for those reasons, my belief is that we should keep this program pinpointed in the area of greatest need, which is for fruits and vegetables incentives.    Dr. Hesterman. Yes. Actually, one of the most exciting ideas that we are thinking about is creating a transaction processing system that can operate across the farmers' market and the grocery store setting for EBT and for incentives so that we are not looking at solely, well, there is a different way to use the program at a farmers' market, and a different way to use the program at a grocery store, but let us think about how we can use technology and transaction processing systems to actually engage grocers and farmers' markets managers, and try to get something uniform so that it is lower cost, it can be used by customers, in my view across the country. I mean, the idea, Ms. Kiley, of creating a common brand across the country, so we can actually create a common brand for incentives, a common way to actually conduct this business, a common way to collect information, that is sort of what I hold in my head for the future, and hope we are taking some steps to get there.