    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you, Madam Chair. And I do want to say, consistent with some of my colleagues, first of all, thank you for having the hearing. I think the hearing helps to draw attention to what is, I feel, is of real urgency, and I think everyone else does. I hear a great commonality, in terms of our desire to take effective action, and we are struggling what that is.    And also, as a parent who has dropped two kids off at college, the rite of passage that all of us have shared and the conveyance of that trust that we put in the institutions that we leave them at, and the expectation that these wonderful institutions will not just education them well but provide a culture where they feel safe and that they aren't put in the situation of either being a victim or a bystander.    So my analogy--and I appreciate the last two comments about the analogy to the military--a lot of this conversation reminds me of the early 1990s when I was in local government and the Clinton administration was bringing up domestic violence. And a lot of the conversations we have had remind me very specifically of the challenges. And even though everybody wanted to stop it, we have got to be careful of our approaches because we are all subject to subjective opinions about the relationships between men and women.    So, to Ms. Maatz, or maybe Dr. Rue or anyone else, CDC, when they look at the history of, for instance, domestic violence--and no analogy is perfect; I understand they are--but we know a lot now from the 20 years since 1994, when the Federal Government took a leadership role and passed the Violence Against Women Act that was just recently reauthorized. So not dissimilar, certainly.    And I remember talking to mandated reporters then, particularly educators in high school, who struggled with many of the same issues that you do, although because they were in the community I think they didn't have some of the--maybe the cultural or professional insular--not insular; that is a poor choice of words. Maybe you understand what I am getting at--the uniqueness of academia at a college campus.    Mr. DeSaulnier. And I appreciate that.    I will let Dr. Rue respond, as well, because you were relating to my initial comments.    But we know from domestic violence and we know, as your comments said, of the causality and the multigenerational aspects of this. So the sooner we get the regulations right, the better.    And I would opine, based on that history and others, that the Federal Government does have an appropriate role in it. Making sure that role is effective I think is what we are all talking about.    Doctor?    Mr. DeSaulnier. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you.    Mr. Salmon, you are recognized for 5 minutes.