    Mr. Miller. Thank you, Chairman Bishop and Ranking Member Grijalva, for the committee's leadership on Puerto Rico and for the opportunity to speak with you today regarding the draft legislation to address the fiscal crisis in Puerto Rico. My name is John Miller, and I am Managing Director and Co-Head of Fixed Income at Nuveen Asset Management. I have spent my entire 23-year career researching and managing municipal bonds on behalf of investors, the last 20 years with Nuveen.    The team that I oversee currently manages over $113 billion in municipal securities, and within that team I am directly managing approximately $20 billion in the most credit-sensitive, high-yield municipal securities. In these roles, I am making investment decisions and transacting in the municipal market every day. And because I do so on behalf of Nuveen's clients, I am also speaking with financial advisers to individual investors nearly every day.    I highlight this in order to emphasize that I am in continuous contact with the concerns of long-term, dedicated municipal bond investors and I have a deep understanding of what drives increases and decreases in demand for municipal bonds over time and through historically significant municipal credit events such as this, as well as how investors evaluate a diverse array of credit risks in the marketplace.    So I am not here in an attempt to promote or degrade any specific Puerto Rican security. Nuveen has invested in a few Puerto Rican bonds in a few of our products, but our overall exposure is relatively small. However, I do care deeply about what happens next in Puerto Rico, what potential outcomes could mean for the broader municipal bond market, what could constitute positive or negative precedent, and what could constitute market contagion risk.    It is important to acknowledge that the financial distress already exists in Puerto Rico as well as the numerous complex, competing stakeholder claims, the nonpayment of which are very likely to trigger a massive amount of litigation in the relatively near future. Given the worsening conditions, Nuveen Asset Management believes that this draft legislation has the potential to create a framework under which orderly, fair, and transparent resolution can be achieved for bondholders while also fostering the conditions necessary for economic growth in Puerto Rico.    It is clear that the marketplace for Puerto Rican bonds is already anticipating restructuring. The highest valued security, which is the general obligation debt, is priced in trading generally between 58 cents on the dollar to 67 cents on the dollar. Yields for Puerto Rico debt average above 12 percent, while the yields of AAA municipal securities average just 2.6 percent. So, current pricing and current yields demonstrate that the market is already recognizing that default and debt restructuring are inevitable.    Even while Puerto Rican securities have fallen into this distressed territory, the broader municipal bond market has experienced consistent and steady appreciation since the end of the year 2013. And this appreciation has been coincident with individual investor demand growing, as measured by strong municipal bond mutual fund inflows, during each of the last 10 calendar quarters.    Much of the investor base in Puerto Rican securities has shifted from traditional mutual funds to nontraditional or opportunistic hedge funds. According to Morningstar, 75 percent of municipal bond mutual funds owned Puerto Rican securities in 2013, but that figure had dropped to less than 50 percent by the end of the year 2015. So this shift in holdings to hedge funds from mutual funds I think mitigates the risk to individual investors that are long-term dedicated to the muni market.    In addition to the shifts in investor allocations which have already occurred in anticipation of Puerto Rican restructuring, the draft legislation serves to substantially mitigate, if not eliminate, the concerns around negative legal precedent from municipal securities.    And I would highlight the critical difference between a U.S. territory, which is ultimately subject to the control of the U.S. Congress, versus a state, which has sovereignty in its fiscal matters. If the proposed legislation were to become law, this would be a territory-specific law and therefore not applicable to 98 percent of the municipal bonds in the marketplace, as they are issued by entities that are on the mainland.    It is our opinion that there is no legal budgetary or market-based reason to believe that a territorial-specific law would set a precedent for even the most fiscally stressed states. Even lower-rated states, such as Illinois, do not need and would not benefit from restructuring of their bonded debt. Admittedly, Illinois is currently mired in political gridlock and that clouds our near-term outlook, but we feel the state has the economic base and fiscal capacity to independently address its own budget and pension challenges.    Since the draft legislation began to circulate roughly 2 weeks ago, the municipal bond market has generally been steady and has continued to strengthen, with continued inflows into municipal bond mutual funds around the industry. In addition, Puerto Rican bond valuations specifically did not move down in reaction to the draft or the release of the draft. And, in contrast, it was the imposition of the Commonwealth debt moratorium which did serve to weaken Puerto Rican-specific securities in the marketplace, but not the possibility of U.S. congressional involvement.    The horizon to measure market reaction has been short-lived, but we believe that the territorial-specific nature of the legislation, the strength of an independent control board, the transparency, and fairness of a more orderly process, would all be features that are welcomed by the municipal bond market.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Miller. Sure. Thank you very much for the question, Congressman. The reasons why I did allude to the fact that I think the marketplace is prepared and more welcoming in this bill is for the following reasons: The independence of the board, getting fresh audits, getting transparency over what the fiscal situation actually is; those are all positives to the marketplace, as a whole. The determination of the level of debt that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico can actually handle longer term and grow the economy and be a stable credit, that is positive.    I think versus alternatives--the litigation is building, the defaults are coming regardless, and I think the marketplace, you can see in the pricing, the marketplace knows that is going to happen anyway. The 67 percent figure that you are alluding to, that is, in part, this is a large and very diverse widely held set of bonds and set of indentures, and in such a circumstance, you will never get to 100 percent. It is impossible.    Mr. Miller. We think that Puerto Rican bonds generally have been moving more into distressed territory and investors have reallocated, generally. That does not mean there could not be further downside. I think there is more collateral damage potentially on Puerto Rican security specifically in the absence of congressional action, and possibly some additional damage on the municipal bond market. Although, again, I would emphasize that this has moved heavily into distressed debt territory and therefore has moved heavily into hedge fund territory, and individual investors and mutual funds have dramatically reduced their exposure, and the municipal bond market is relatively healthy.    I would add that state borrowing costs actually continue to fall, and the risk premium on state borrowing costs above a pure AAA, those risk premiums have continued to narrow, meaning people are comfortable that states do not want Chapter 9. I know of no state that wants to go into Chapter 9, that needs to go into Chapter 9, or that would want a control board.    So, I think that I would continue to highlight the territorial specific nature, not just from a legal perspective, which is true, but also from the perspective that no state is in the same fiscal and economic situation that Puerto Rico is in. So, there are some very significant differences.    Mr. Miller. They do not at this time.    Mr. Miller. I don't think those predictions are accurate. These concepts have actually been floating around for several months. In addition, the draft itself has been out for a couple of weeks and the municipal bond market has really been recovering ever since 2013. Excluding Puerto Rico, the risk premiums across munis over and above AAA, they continue to narrow ever since 2013, and in addition, the consistency of investor inflows into muni bond mutual funds, particularly those with less Puerto Rican exposure, the consistency of those inflows has been striking since 2013, with over $60 billion put in.    Mr. Miller. No, I don't think so.    Mr. Miller. No.    Mr. Miller. I agree. The May 1 payment is significant and the July 1 payment is even more significant.    Mr. Miller. No, I think the opposite. I think it would be a calming effect on the bond market.    Mr. Miller. The risk is higher if nothing gets done.    Mr. Miller. The territory that probably has the best reception and the narrowest risk premium in the marketplace is Guam, and the balanced budget and most stable economy. Some concerns about Virgin Islands, some delayed audits, but not anywhere near this kind of magnitude.