    Mr. Ceresney. You are.    Mr. Ceresney. Good morning, Chairman Goodlatte. Good morning, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Committee. Thank you for inviting me to testify today on behalf of the commission concerning Email Privacy Act, H.R. 699, pending before your Committee.    The bill seeks to modernize portions of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, ECPA, which became law in 1986. I share the goal of updating ECPA's evidence collection procedures and privacy protections to account for the digital age, but H.R. 699, in its current form, poses significant risks to the American public by impeding the ability of the SEC and other civil law enforcement agencies to investigate and uncover financial fraud and other unlawful conduct.    I firmly believe there are ways to update ECPA that offer stronger privacy protections and observe constitutional boundaries without frustrating the legitimate ends of civil law enforcement.    The SEC's tripartite mission is to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and facilitate capital formation. The SEC's division of enforcement furthers this mission by, among other things, investigating potential violations of the Federal securities laws, recommending that the commission bring cases against alleged fraudsters and other securities law wrongdoers, and litigating the SEC's enforcement actions.    A strong enforcement program is a critical piece of the commission's efforts to protect investors from fraudulent schemes and promotes investor trust and confidence in the integrity of the Nation's securities markets.    Electronic communications often provide critical evidence in our investigations as email and other message content can establish timing, knowledge or relationships in certain cases, or awareness that certain statements to investors were false or misleading. When we conduct an investigation, we generally will seek emails and other electronic communications from the key actors through an administrative subpoena.    In some cases the person whose emails are sought will respond to our request, but in other cases, the subpoena recipient may have erased email, tendered only some emails, asserted damaged hardware, or refused to respond. Unsurprisingly, individuals who violate the law are often reluctant to produce to the government evidence of their own misconduct.    In still other cases, email account holders cannot be subpoenaed because they are beyond our jurisdiction. It is at this point in the investigation that we may, in some instances, need to seek information from an Internet service provider, also known as an ISP. The proposed amendment would require government entities to procure a criminal warrant when they seek the content of emails and other electronic communications from ISPs.    Because the SEC and other civil law enforcement agencies cannot obtain criminal warrants, we would effectively not be able to gather evidence, including communications such as emails directly from an ISP, regardless of the circumstances, even in instances where a subscriber deleted his emails, related hardware was lost or damaged, or where the subscriber fled to another jurisdiction. Depriving the SEC of authority to obtain email content from an ISP would also incentivize subpoena recipients to be less forthcoming in responding to investigatory requests, because an individual who knows that the SEC lacks the authority to obtain his emails may thus feel free to destroy or not produce them.    These are not abstract concerns for the SEC, or for the investors we are charged with protecting. Among the type of scams we investigate are Ponzi schemes and ``pump and dump'' market manipulation schemes, as well as insider trading activity. In these types of fraud, illegal acts are particularly likely to be communicated via personal accounts, and parties are more likely to be noncooperative in their document productions.    Technology has evolved since ECPA's passage, and there is no question that the law ought to evolve to take account of advances in technology and protect privacy interests, even when significant law enforcement interests are also implicated. But there are various ways to strike an appropriate balance between those interests as the Committee considers the best way to advance this important legislation.    Any reform to ECPA can and should afford a party whose information is sought from an ISP in a civil investigation an opportunity to participate in judicial proceedings before the ISP is compelled to produce this information. Indeed, when seeking email content from ISPs in the past, the division has provided notice to email account holders in keeping with longstanding and just recently reaffirmed Supreme Court precedent.    If the legislation were so structured, an individual would have the ability to raise with a court any privilege, relevancy, or other concerns before the communications are provided by an ISP, while civil law enforcement would still maintain a limited avenue to access existing electronic communications in appropriate circumstances from ISPs. Such a judicial proceeding would offer even greater protection to subscribers than a criminal warrant in which subscribers receive no opportunity to be heard before communications are provided.    We look forward to discussing with the Committee ways to modernize ECPA without putting investors at risk, and impairing the SEC from enforcing the Federal securities laws. I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Ceresney. So Congressman, the decision was made at the time. I wasn't at the SEC at the time, but after Warshak, a decision was made in excess of caution not to issue subpoenas to ISPs without consent of the subscriber. And since I've been at the SEC, we have held off on doing that in deference to the discussions have have been ongoing in Congress about amending     At the same time, we have never felt like Warshak precluded us from obtaining email under the Constitution pursuant to a subpoena with notice to the subscriber. Warshak dealt with a grand jury subpoena with no notice to a subscriber, and it did not undermine a long line of case law that exists, that holds that where a subscriber or the party you're seeking email from or seeking material from has precompliance review before a court that that satisfies the Fourth Amendment. It is true that we have not done it, but I can tell you there are cases ongoing which----    Mr. Ceresney. Right. And that is because in an excess of caution at the time and in deference to these discussions, you know, in deference to the discussions that have been ongoing before Congress about the decision of what to do to reform ECPA. From our perspective, there are ongoing investigations that would definitely benefit from ISP subpoenas where we have not obtained email from a subscriber that we do know exists, but we're not able to obtain it because we have not been issuing subpoenas to ISPs.    Mr. Ceresney. I think it has affected our ability to conduct investigations. We issue subpoenas to individuals all the time for their email, and all the time there is instances where those individuals either don't produce----    Mr. Ceresney. That's correct.    Mr. Ceresney. We have felt the need, Congressman, but we have, in deference to these ongoing discussions in Congress about reforming ECPA, determined not to do that. But we certainly have identified cases where it would have been helpful to do that to our efforts.    Mr. Ceresney. No. I wrote it----    Mr. Ceresney. I don't agree that we're not able to do it currently. We have refrained from doing it in deference to Congress' ongoing discussions about it.    Mr. Ceresney. We are not. I think----    Mr. Ceresney. We would defer. If Congress decided that----    Mr. Ceresney. I disagree. Warshak was----    Mr. Ceresney. Yes.    Mr. Ceresney. Congressman, there isn't. That's because our subpoenas are not self-executing. If we want to enforce our subpoena, we need to go to a court and compel production.    Mr. Ceresney. So if the question is whether preservation requirements should be contained in the statute and the ability to obtain from the subscriber, should that also be required.    Mr. Ceresney. I believe that that is still something that one could obtain under the proposed statute. But what that wouldn't allow us to do is to then obtain those emails from ISPs when the individual doesn't provide them to us.    Mr. Ceresney. We would certainly take that step. The problem is the preservation doesn't then allow us to then obtain the email from the ISP. So certainly we would do that, we would try to preserve the email and make sure that it's available. But then the next step, that is obtaining it from the ISP, that would not be available to us.    Mr. Ceresney. But if the person deleted the email and then we subpoenaed the person, they wouldn't have it. The only person, the only entity that would have possession, custody, and control of the email would be the ISP and we wouldn't have an avenue----    Mr. Ceresney. Yes. But if they preserve it and we can't obtain it----    Mr. Ceresney. We cannot. What we----    Mr. Ceresney. We view the ISP as a third-party storage provider, much like an Iron Mountain provider would be for hard copy documents that are kept in a storage facility. And if in the circumstance where hard copy documents are kept in a storage facility, we could go to that storage facility with notice to the person who uses that storage facility and try to obtain those documents via subpoena. And that I think is the analogy that we would draw that would be appropriate in these circumstances.    And from our perspective, we do have instances in the past when we did issue ISP subpoenas where we could show that we obtained significant evidence in investigations for that purpose. As to the last number of years when we haven't used it, we don't know what we have lost. But it's certainly our investigations----    Mr. Ceresney. We have a number of cases. And we would be happy to provide it to your staff. It includes an accounting fraud case where an email indicated that somebody was using earnings management, an insider trading case where an email contained a tip, a microcap fraud case where the emails showed control of corporation. And just one last thing to answer Mr. Calabrese's point, we would be fine if Congress established a probable cause standard as the standard that we would have to meet. Whatever standard Congress would like to establish for us to have to meet, we are fine meeting that standard. What we need is some mechanism in instances where an individual does not produce to us email, and has deleted it, or otherwise destroyed it----    Mr. Ceresney. We do not where we don't have consent of the providers.    Mr. Ceresney. As I've said earlier, it's because in an excess of caution and in deference to the discussions that have been ongoing in Congress for a number of years about ECPA reform, we determined to hold off on using that. But it does not mean we do not believe we have the authority under the statute and that it is constitutional to use it.    Mr. Ceresney. We do not without consent of the subscribers.    Mr. Ceresney. So the first point is whatever standard Congress establishes we're willing to abide by, even if it's probably cause. But, second, when we issue subpoenas----    Mr. Ceresney. No, what we're seeking is authority to achieve a court order with notice to the subscriber, which provides additional protections to a warrant. A warrant is ex parte, and the subscriber doesn't have an ability to object. What we're seeking is an authority to obtain an order from a court with notice to the subscriber. And the subscriber would have the ability to object and provide whatever objections they have, whether they be relevance, whether they be privilege, whatever other objections. That provides additional protections beyond those with the warrant, which is ex parte.    But to answer your question about the criminal authorities, any subpoena or other orders we'd seek would be in advance of our investigation. They would not be at the behest of criminal authorities. We do not issue subpoenas or otherwise seek evidence at the behest of the criminal authorities. We do it to advance our own investigation.    Mr. Ceresney. Judge, may I respond?    Mr. Ceresney. I couldn't agree more that it is important to have a role for a judge in this situation to provide objective views on the matter. And that's why the order that we are proposing would be before a judge with notice to the subscriber. And the subscriber would be able to bring before that judge whatever objections they have to our seeking the email.    And that is actually the remedy that we are seeking in this case. We would try to obtain that email from the subscriber. If we couldn't, then we would go before a judge and try to obtain the order. And the judge would be the objective factfinder to determine whether we've met the standard.    Mr. Ceresney. Well, we certainly have been successful, we think, in enforcing the securities laws, but that does not mean that there aren't cases that we would benefit tremendously from emails that we would be able to obtain from ISPs. And I guess the point that I would assert is that the Fourth Amendment is not violated by what we are proposing, which would be an order before a judge, which a judge could issue, with notice to the subscriber after the subscriber has the opportunity to raise whatever objections they have under a standard that Congress would establish. And from our perspective, that does comply with the Fourth Amendment, and it also balances privacy protections because you would have an objective factfinder reviewing the situation and determining whether it's appropriate for us to obtain emails in that circumstance.    And I can tell you that there are ongoing investigations now, which we have refrained from seeking those emails from ISPs, which would definitely benefit from such emails.    Mr. Ceresney. We've had ongoing discussions with Members of Congress about these issues for the last couple of years.    Mr. Ceresney. We've been having ongoing discussions with the staff of both Judiciary Senate and House Judiciary throughout this period, certainly since I've been at the SEC, which is over----    Mr. Ceresney. I don't think we're seeking more authority than the criminal authorities have.    Mr. Ceresney. I'm sorry?    Mr. Ceresney. Sure. What we're seeking is the ability to obtain emails after we try to obtain them from an individual subscriber by going to a court and obtaining a court order with notice to the subscriber and allowing the subscriber to raise whatever objections they have before the court.