    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    As a representative from the Asia-Pacific area, I would like to start off by expressing my sincere sympathy for the people of Belgium and for the family of the marine killed this weekend in Iraq.    I do know that Representative Takai already spoke on China and Representative Gabbard referenced North Korea. So, on Guam, we are considered the tip of the spear in the Asia-Pacific region, and I know the budget request contains nearly $250 million for fiscal year 2017 military construction projects. We are seeing tangible development, such as facility construction, take place. So I am asking, Secretary Carter, what role the administration sees for Guam in the broader strategy; should Congress continue moving forward with construction on Guam? And, additionally, it is often said that budgets reflect priorities, and you spoke to the Senate Armed Services Committee last week about continuing to support the Asia-Pacific rebalance strategy. So would you say that this strategy continues to be a priority of the administration?    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. You've done so much for us. I thank you for your contributions.    Also, I have another question for either yourself or Secretary McCord. It is estimated that the Defense Department spends nearly twice as much on service contractors as it does on civilian personnel, even though they are often doing the same work. Nevertheless, the Department's budget request seeks to cut civilian personnel and increase spending on service contracts.    In this extremely constrained fiscal environment, can we expect to see the Department leverage the clear cost savings found in civilian personnel versus contractors? Are we still waiting for a complete accounting of all service contracts that was mandated back in 2008, but we have still not received the report?    Ms. Bordallo. The contract.    Ms. Bordallo. I only have a few seconds left.    We still haven't received the report. Will we receive a report of some kind? This has been due since 2008.    Ms. Bordallo. All right. Thank you very much.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wittman.