    Mr. Sherman. Yes. I would ask the witnesses to give your advice to Congress. We want to control foreign policy, all of us in this room, one way or another. You would like to be advising the President. The President isn't listening to you. You at least have us. If you compare him to Neville Chamberlain, he certainly isn't listening to you. But whatever is going to happen in Vienna in the next 12 hours is going to happen.    So you posit a world in which we walk away from a bad deal, we sign a good, we do this. The President is going to do what he is going to do, and he isn't going to listen to us in the next 12 hours.    So your advice to us has to be: What should Congress do? Not in some mythical world where Dr. Pollack has a time machine, not in some mythical world where Ronald Reagan is resurrected and is the President of the United States on the day we vote on the deal, but rather what do we do if the President says, ``This a reasonable deal, Iran has signed a reasonable deal, and Congress is being unreasonable''? Do we go on a codel to Rome, convince the Italians to prevent Eni from doing business with Iran on a very profitable basis, because, although the President thinks it is a good idea for them to make the profits, some of us think it is a bad idea?    I don't know if any of you want to join us on that codel. I don't think we would be successful. I realize you have comments, but I have got a limited amount of time.    I do want to set the record straight. The Bush administration refused to have sanctions on Iran. We passed a lot of them out of this committee. He blocked them in the United States Senate. And the Iran Sanctions Act was disregarded and violated again and again.    I join with Dr. Pollack in a fear that this is all about a pivot out of the Middle East. The Middle East is frustrating. Confrontation with China is exciting. The Middle East has un-uniformed terrorists. Confrontation with China over islands, that is the kind of war we have had great glory in, especially if we don't wage it, but rather just confront and win it the way we won the war against the Soviet Union.    And right now everything that the Pentagon is doing is figuring out a way to take money away from any forces that might be useful in the Middle East and design new weapons to shoot down Chinese planes over islands--no, they are really just rocks--that don't have any oil, but if they had any oil, the oil would belong to Japan, which by the way, is spending almost nothing on its national defense. That is where we are pivoting to.    This deal needs to be looked at in several phases. The first phase is that first year, where it has good and bad points. We get the stockpiles out of Iran, we get two-thirds of the centrifuges mothballed. And then, as Mr. Rademaker points out, you get to year 12 where it is an absolute disaster. So you have the good, the bad, and the ugly.    The good is those centrifuges and stockpiles. The bad is that they get that $120 billion-plus signing bonus, which they will use for butter, which they will use for graft, they are very good at that, which they will use to kill Sunnis, some of whom deserve to be killed and some of whom definitely do not, and the remainder they will use to attack Israel and the United States.    But the issue before us is: What do we do as a Congress? And we actually shouldn't just say we--it is a very sophisticated question, because we have three possible votes. Do we vote to approve? Do we vote to disapprove? Do we vote to override a Presidential veto of a disapproval resolution? Those are three very different votes. And since the President isn't listening, perhaps you can give advice to us as to how we handle those three circumstances.    The first one is so easy, I won't ask the question, should we vote to approve? If we vote to approve then we have to the greatest extent possible locked the United States into a deal which in year 12 is a nuclear Iran. So we shouldn't do that. The question is, maybe we should vote to disapprove.    The question is, do we override a veto? If we override that veto, then those stockpiles are not shipped out of the country, those centrifuges are not mothballed, and we go to war with Iran in which Congress versus Tehran with the White House on one side or the other, I am not sure.    If the President is telling the world that Iran has signed a reasonable deal and deserves sanctions relief, what should Congress do? Dr. Pollack.    Mr. Sherman. Dr. Pollack, you don't have the time machine. The President gave his final instructions to his negotiators hours ago. No one in Vienna is watching this presentation right now. If they are, it is such a junior level foreign service officer that they are not being listened to. If the President heard from Congress or from you or from me, that was prior to this moment. No time machines.    Mr. Sherman. We will bring you back for that advice. Assume a deal is announced in 12 hours and it goes online----    Mr. Sherman. I wish you wouldn't say ``this,'' because it is really three deals. It is the first year, it is the middle year, it is the 12th year.    Mr. Sherman. The 12th year is ugly. We have got to override the deal by then.    Mr. Rademaker.    Mr. Sherman. We----    Mr. Sherman. Remember, we have got three separate votes. Obviously, if there is a resolution to vote for approval, you and I, and I think just about everybody, are going to vote no. If that is the advice you are giving us, you are giving us advice on an easy question.    Mr. Sherman. It will be put forward if the Speaker thinks it will be a good idea. And he will be getting advice from our chairman. Go ahead.    Mr. Sherman. No, no, no, no. With this President, you don't get war. This President isn't going to say: Oh, Congress was right; I was wrong. I am bombing.    Mr. Sherman. That would be--I am not sure that is actually what they are proposing, knowing those individuals. But I think my time has expired.    Mr. Sherman. But it is interesting, yes.