    Mr. Miller. Chairman Pitts----    Mr. Miller. Sorry about that.    Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, distinguished committee members, thank you for asking the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to testify today. As you know, MedPAC was created by the Congress to advise it on Medicare, and today we were asked here to talk about our work on post-acute care.    The commission's work in all instances is guided by three principles: How you assure that the beneficiary gets the access to high quality coordinated care, to protect the taxpayer dollar, and to pay plans and providers in a way to achieve those two goals. Post-acute care services are a vital part of the Medicare benefit. They provide rehabilitation and nursing services at critical points in a beneficiary's care. But I think we are all aware that there are problems, particularly in fee-for-service, that face the post-acute care.    Our siloed payment systems encourage fragmented care by paying based on setting rather than based on the needs of the beneficiary. The nature of fee-for-service reimbursement itself, encourages service following in which, in some cases, may be unnecessary. We know that if Medicare payment rates are set too high or constructed inconsistently across setting, they can result in patient selection and patterns of care that focus on revenue rather than on patient need. And for post-acute care, the clinical guidelines themselves regarding when services are needed are poorly defined. And this isn't an accusation. This is what you get when you talk to clinicians and it makes it hard for both clinicians and policymakers in this area to make policy.    So what is the commission's guidance? In the short run, the commission would set fee-for-service payment rates to reflect the efficient provider. For example, the commission's annual payment analysis has determined that payment rates for home health and skilled nursing facilities have been set too high for over a decade, and we have repeatedly recommended rebasing those rates downward to be more consistent with the cost of an efficient provider.    A commission goal is to pay the same for similar patients regardless of setting of care. For example, the commission recommended that the secretary examine paying the same base rates in inpatient rehab facilities and skilled nursing facilities for a selected set of conditions where patients appear to be similar, in other words, to have a site neutral payment.    The commission would reform payments to avoid patient selection strategies. We have recommended that CMS revise its home health and its skilled nursing facility payment systems to remove the strong incentive to take physical rehab patients and to avoid complex medical patients.    The commission has recommended policies to moderate excessive services. For example, the most rapid growth in the home health sector is utilization unrelated to a hospitalization. The commission has recommended a modest copayment for those episodes that don't follow hospitalization, and we have published data showing that there are areas of the country with excessively high utilization of home health services and encourage the secretary to use their fraud and abuse authorities to examine those areas.    The commission has also created policies that overlay fee-for-service and try to encourage coordination. For example, we have recommended readmission penalties for hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and home health agencies that exhibit excessive readmission patterns.    We have also made longer run recommendations to create incentives to avoid unnecessary volume and to encourage collaboration across the various post-acute care providers, the commission has called on CMS to create and examine various bundling payment strategies to assess patient need, to track a patient's quality of care, and to eliminate the various payment systems for the post-acute care sector and instead have a single unified payment system. For many years, we called for a unified patient assessment instrument. Through the past efforts on the part of the CMS and as the result of the recent passage of the IMPACT Act, that work appears to be underway, but there is still a lot of work to be done here and all of us will need to be attentive to that process.    Beyond traditional fee-for-service, a well-functioning managed care program and initiatives like accountable care organizations can also create incentives to avoid unnecessary volume and encourage coordination, and the Commission has provided a range of guidance in those areas as well.    In closing, the Commission has consistently made unanimous policy recommendations to move away from a siloed payment and delivery system that undermines care coordination and instead move towards one that is focused on the beneficiary and on care coordination, but at a price the taxpayer can afford.    I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Miller. We have looked into it and we have reported on it for many years. Just to be very clear, at the front end of this answer, for many years, we have documented very high profit margins on Medicare patients in home health, in the 12, 13 percent range. And we stand by those numbers just to be very direct in responding to your question.    We are the ones who made the recommendations to start to rebase the rates, and there is a rebasing provision in law. We believe that rebasing provision doesn't go far enough. So I want to be clear about that. And I can take that on in further questions.    But then I think what may be--your question may be about and what other people see is numbers like 13 percent margins for Medicare, and then the home health folks will show you a margin that is 2 or 3 percent. And let me just talk you through that. One thing that you should keep in mind is is that the home health industry itself acknowledges that their margins on Medicare are as high as we say. If there are differences there, they are differences of a matter of a few points. So if you listen in on calls with their Wall Street investors and that type of thing, they acknowledge that the margins in Medicare are very high and that that is the place that, you know, a business model or a line of business that they want to attract.    The lower profit margin that you see reported involves a few things. Number one, it can involve other lines of business. So if an organization owns a home health line of business but owns a different line of business, the margin will reflect that. It can reflect lower payment rates in Medicaid and private payers, which often do pay less than Medicare and so their margins will be lower there. It can also reflect costs that Medicare doesn't recognize as allowable, such as political contributions or taxes paid in localities. So I think some of the differences between those two numbers are those types of things.    Mr. Miller. I believe our view on telemedicine is that it can be a useful tool that providers--and not just home health providers--can use in order to manage a patient's care and cut down on some of the overhead expense of a face-to-face type of visit.    Our view here is that there is nothing in the payment scheme for Medicare that prevents a home health agency from using this service. And to the extent that the service makes good sense and helps them coordinate care and reduce their cost, they should be able to use that service.    I have heard--and this might be part of your question--in other settings, people have been concerned that the use of telemedicine, depending on how it is paid for--and it really does matter how it is paid for--does make it easier to generate a visit or an encounter, if you will, and that unless it is monitored, can produce payments per click, if you will, that can result in higher cost. But depending on how it is paid in home health within an episode, I am not quite sure that that problem is present.    Mr. Miller. What I want to be clear in commenting on, MedPAC as an organization--and because we serve the various committees of Congress, I won't be making any comments pro or con on any piece of legislation.    Mr. Miller. So my comments here will be about what we have done on bundling and what we think about bundling. Hopefully, none of this should be taken as either supporting or opposing a specific piece of legislation.    Mr. Miller. That would depend entirely on how the coordinator is defined. So if the coordinator is one of the providers within the PAC continuum, no. If it is another provider outside of that continuum, that is decidedly a different actor. Whether it adds cost or not depends on where the money comes to pay for that coordinator whether it is paid out of savings or whether it is paid out of new dollars.    Mr. Miller. So, I think the way I would answer that is the Commission--just to be clear, the Commission has looked at a number of different ways of structuring bundle. So whether it is attached to acute care and post-acute care, whether it is a set payment that goes to a particular entity or whether, in fact, you sort of draw a circle or a boundary around an episode and then continue to pay on a fee for service, we have talked through those and we have talked through the pros and cons of all of those.    There is, I think, a need to be thinking about these different issues, but I also think that there is a point at which there will probably be some action required by Congress in order to move the bundling concept along. I think that in the past, looking at different ways either through demonstrations in different models have not always produced crisp and timely results for people to act on.    I do want to also say--well, I will stop there.    Mr. Miller. So, and again I am just going to do this at a very kind of high-glide level. You are probably talking currently about margins that are in the, let's call it 12 percent range for home health and skilled nursing facilities. Again, these are Medicare margins. You are probably in the 7 range for inpatient rehab facilities, maybe the 5 to 6 range or 6 range for long-term care hospitals. I am not sure I have that as wired in my head.    The Commission's view on these--and so, for example, in our current--our most recent March 2015 report, we recommended no update for inpatient rehab facilities and long-term care hospitals, the argument being that they can cover any increase in their input costs with the current level of funding that they are getting. And then for home health and skilled nursing facilities, we have recommended actual reductions in the rate to bring them closer to the cost of an efficient provider.    Mr. Miller. Yes. I am probably going to be less helpful on the statute and what authority they have. That just may not be something I am as wired on.    Mr. Miller. And again, I want to point out here that some of this is--the program sets these payment systems up at different points in time. I think that a post-acute care environment is a difficult environment for clinicians to operate in. It is a complicated set of decisions that have to be made.    But if somebody comes out for--let's say, out of the hospital for a given procedure, a hip replacement, let's say, depending on the circumstances of the patient, they could end up in an inpatient rehab facility. They could end up in a skilled nursing facility. They could end up in entirely a home health treatment plan. Medicare would pay differently in those different settings. And what we have begun to see--and we have seen this both on the acute care side, which we are not talking about today, and on the post-acute care side, places where we feel like we are beginning to identify overlaps of patients and we end up paying very differently for similar patients.    Now, I want to express some caution here. In the post-acute care setting, we have entered this area and we have begun to talk about what we think are similar sets of patients based on our research between the inpatient rehab setting and the skilled nursing facility setting. But by no means are we making very broad blanket statements that you can just pay the same in all of those settings. And I also want to say to, at least, one opening statement, some of the information that we get out of the IMPACT Act and the more consistent assessment of patients across settings will help to understand that problem better.    Mr. Miller. OK. Some of the--why are the payments too high? OK. Let me take that part. And then you said shortcoming.    Mr. Miller. OK. So why are they too high? I think a couple of things go on. And by the way, some of this is good. It is just not the payment system necessarily keeping up.    So let's take home health, for example. So when the home health prospective payment system was created, there was this decision to create an episode, OK. So you had an episode of care. At that point in time, 31 visits on average were provided during that episode of time and a payment system was based on that.    Over time, the the provision of health care in that episode has changed a lot. There is now about 21 visits provided. Now, in fairness, these visits are more skilled than the visits that used to be provided when there were 31. But even after you adjust for that, basically what it means is, is that the original base rate was set wrong. The industry responded, lowered the way that they were providing care and some of that margin was created. So, I think that is one of the issues.    Some of the shortcomings, I think, was another part of your question.    Mr. Miller. It is some of these things that we have already touched on here, the fact that you have such different payments in different settings and that clearly sets signals for providers who might say, well, there may be some advantage to go in one direction or another direction. I mean, those are some of the shortcomings.    I also think that there is a difficulty in, at least, in some of the payment systems, a clear signal to provide additional services and there is not a really good way, at least presently, to have a handle to counteract----    Mr. Miller. Sorry about that.    Mr. Miller. OK. So, really quickly because I see we are out of time here. In thinking about trying to set a base payment that is equal between skilled nursing facility and SNFs, we looked at risk scores, we looked at complications in comorbidities, we looked at functional statuses as best as possible and zeroed in on a few conditions that we think are very similar in the two settings.    One thing that is difficult--and this is why the IMPACT Act is so important--is what you really want in a perfect world is the same assessment applied to each patient so then you can truly across settings say, this patient is different than this patient and it is done on a common basis. That is not going on now.    Mr. Miller. Sorry about the time.    Mr. Miller. OK. You said a lot in there.    Mr. Miller. I know. I have a father, I have an aunt that I am managing. I know exactly what you are up to.    So, let me try and do this rationally. First of all--because there are a couple of things I do want to comment on. First of all, the Commission for many years was calling for something like what happened in the IMPACT Act and moved to a common assessment instrument. And we do think that the common assessment instrument and what goes on in the IMPACT Act--again, we haven't precisely seen what will come out of that. The legislation has set things in process and things will have to be defined in regulation. But we do think that it will do a lot of good in terms of having common domains, having common assessment scales and definitions and timeframes and the list could go on. I don't want to say it is perfect--we haven't seen exactly what will come out of it--and that there is nothing else that will be needed.    But in this area--and this is a point that I would make--I think like many things in life and in Medicare, there is movement with caution, but movement. Because the other thing that I would just, by matter of degree say back, is if we wait for everything, you know, all the demonstrations to be finished, all the incentives to be produced in perfection, we won't move forward. And that has happened in the past. And I think the Commission believed there is some ability to move forward with caution.    And here is the kinds of cautions I would say. Things like being sure that you have a transition built in so that the providers and the beneficiaries can respond. Be sure--and to some points that you were making about your own circumstances, that the person who--because one thing about a person who thinks about the entire episode, they can--if well motivated, can actually help the family make those decisions. Because I have stood in the hospital, too, had somebody say here is a list, make up your mind, what do you want to do? And you don't have a lot of sense of what to do.    Mr. Miller. All right.    Mr. Miller. Sorry I took so long.    Mr. Miller. So I don't want to cause a nuclear reaction here----    Mr. Miller. You are both right. OK. And I think the concern Mr. Pallone was mentioning is, is you don't want somebody making that decision too aggressively----    Mr. Miller . For the wrong reasons to save money. But on the other hand, if you can structure the payment system in such a way and you have risk adjusted carefully for the differences in the patient, you have quality metrics so that if a person chooses to stint in order to save, then that is a problem. So you want this person who is giving the guidance to have motivation to make sure that the person gets the highest quality care and to avoid unnecessary services.    I think both of you can be right on this matter, but you don't want to tip too far----    Mr. Miller . In one way or the other.    Mr. Miller. Well, here is what I would say. First of all, again, I want to say that the Commission had lots of pushing for many years on what ultimately ended up in the IMPACT Act. We think it is a good start. And so a lot of that information should be helpful. And just because I am probably not loaded enough to give you what data we are missing, I would say this: The other thing we can be thinking about is there are sets of recommendations that we have made that we can do now, that don't involve bundling, which is not to disparage bundling at all. And you can think of less aggressive versions of bundling to start moving the providers in that direction.    So think of the notion of saying I am going to define an episode of care. I am going to continue to pay on a fee-for-service basis and there are various mechanisms you can put in place to be sure that you don't overpay, and then the providers are beginning to move to the bundle concept without actually having a hard, in-place, here-is-the-boundaries, here-is-the-payment kind of bundle. And I would encourage that because that will produce information as well.    Mr. Miller. We did not.    Mr. Miller. I have never seen you before.    Mr. Miller. Yes. So, I mean, the kinds of things, I think, the Commission would say is you should keep work going on looking at bundling and more of the structure types of approaches to bundling that, I think, some people are talking about, but at the same time also be thinking about mechanisms that begin to bring providers together. Some of them are more rudimentary, such as saying, if there is a lot of readmissions here across this set of providers, all of you are going to feel an effect. And so you are not saying you are in a bundle, you are not being paid by a single entity. But, if my actions result in a readmission, you and I are both going to feel it. Those types of things, and we have recommended on that front.    And then the other thought that I am trying to get across--but I am not sure I am doing it particularly well--is begin to say to that set of actors, I am now going to start looking--I am making this up--we are now going to look at what happens over 60 days in a totality type of way and if you, in terms of outcomes and payments, if you do well or do poorly, your payments will be affected that way. In a sense, it is like injecting the ACO or the Accountable Care Organization concept----    Mr. Miller . Into more of the episode concept, if you will.    Sorry if I took too much time.    Mr. Miller. Yes. Unfortunately, we have a couple of mandated reports as a result of the IMPACT Act, and one of them is on a very short timeframe, and so hopefully we can give you some sense there, out of that report.    Mr. Miller. Next summer, I am disappointed to say.    Mr. Miller. No, they are not----    Mr. Miller . To answer your direct question.    I'm sorry. I shouldn't be facetious. I don't think our margins are mysterious at all. They come out of the Medicare cost reports that your skilled nursing facility or whomever else, home health agency, fills out. There are rules about what costs and how they are allocated, and then we calculate the cost and then we calculate the payments that a facility----    Mr. Miller. Well, what home health and the skilled--well, what the skilled nursing facility argument goes like this. This is the most common argument, OK. We recognize that Medicare margins are in the range that MedPAC says, 11 or 12 percent, but Medicaid and the private sector are paying us less. We are not earning as much money there. Our margins are much lower and, I think, the total margin is something like in a 2 percent range there. And then they say, you should pay more because you are basically cross-subsidizing these other payers.    The Commission's position on that is you are the Congress of the United States, you control the pursestrings, you can decide how dollars are allocated, but you should be clearly conscious that what you are doing is saying, this Medicare dollar is now subsiding dollars in the States or in the private sector and we think that that is, you know, at least a big question that should be faced head on.    Mr. Miller. Right.    Mr. Miller. Yes. And the second part of your question--or this question I probably want to think about a little bit more. But what I guess I am concerned about--and you did pick up on this. So, for example, in the bundling demonstration, there were many thousands of actors who said, ``I am interested in understanding my experience in bundling.'' And then it comes to the second phase that says and ``How many of you would be willing to take risk?'' And that drops immediately to the hundreds, OK, or even the 100.    Then it says, ``Which of the conditions are you willing to be at risk for?'' And that comes to two or three. And so, in a sense, you had, ``I am really interested in looking at this.'' How much risk would you be willing to take risk and then for what? And then you are down to relatively small numbers. And my concern--and I think the Commission's concern--is this process isn't going to produce a very clear set of models and a clear set of generalities to say, OK, here is the direction to go.    And I think what the Commission needs to do is, given that environment, try and bring the committees of jurisdiction some structure in order to say what do you do if that information doesn't arrive in a very crisp and clear way.    Mr. Miller. This is a really good question. And part of the reason the Commission on the bundling front--I am going to answer this in the time. Well, apparently not.    But either way, this is a really good question because the Commission has two different views on this. Some people say--and not just the Commission--why not move to more of a population-based model, like an Accountable Care Organization, and then maybe the episodes continue as a payment mechanism in those, but maybe they are superseded by the fact that you actually have a population model management.    Mr. Miller. Yes. I am definitely trying to hear you.    Mr. Miller. OK.    Mr. Miller. Oh, yes.    Mr. Miller. OK. We have looked at this. I can't give you just a flat out number, here is how widespread this is. However, we have looked at specific sets of services, not the one you have raised, but specific sets of services and seen the shift in billing basically from the physician office stream to the outpatient stream and it is as you describe. I am going to the same physician office I went to, I am seeing the same set of physicians, I am getting the same service and now the bill is being run through a different payment system, the outpatient hospital payment system, because the hospital has acquired the practice and the markups can be very--or the payment increases can be very high and, of course, the beneficiary's copayment goes up commensurately with that.    Mr. Miller. We made two recommendations in this area on sets of services that we identified, and they met certain criteria which I won't take you through because of time and all of that. Because, again, we wanted to be careful that we didn't undercut the hospital's mission, but at the same time this particular phenomenon, we felt, was not good for the taxpayer, not good for the beneficiary particularly when we are talking about the same service, same provider.    Mr. Miller. I am--yes.    Mr. Miller. Yes.    Mr. Miller. The Commission has raised great concerns with this practice.    Mr. Miller. Say it again.    Mr. Miller. I will speak only for myself, not the 17 commissioners, OK. No. I see this as a problem.    Mr. Miller. I'm sorry. Would you----    Mr. Miller. I apologize.    Mr. Miller. And I am a little nervous.    Mr. Miller. I now do understand what you are saying, and often the beneficiary difference in the post-acute care setting is not as extreme as you see in the acute care setting. So in the acute care setting when somebody--and this is why, when you asked your very pointed question, I see problems here. The beneficiary is paying 20 percent of whatever happens, as a general rule.    In the post-acute care setting, it is a little bit murkier. So let's take--and actually it may not be as much of an issue for the beneficiary. Let's take the inpatient rehab facility and the skilled nursing facility. The beneficiaries generally retire their in patient admission deductible and they go to these facilities. Unless they stay for long periods of times, they don't necessarily have a copayment that goes along with it. So the circumstances are actually just a little bit more--a little less--they are not as consistent as you see on the acute care side.    Mr. Miller. OK. I think there is a couple of things to say here. Number 1, there is, I think, one of the reasons the Commission said there should be--and part of the problem of making a bad referral is, is that the patient had some complication or bed sore or something and bounces back.    Mr. Miller. And so one of the reasons that the Commission, I think, took this position of the hospital, the skilled nursing facility, and the home health should all feel a readmissions penalty if a readmission occurs, is to try and build in--the hospital needs to be conscious of it but also the hospital's partners----    Mr. Miller . Or implicit partners should be conscious as well to try and militate against that.    A second thing that goes on is there is something called the Medicare spending payment per beneficiary. This is a very arcane thing, but it is buried deep in the value-based performance metrics that hospitals are judged by, and so to the extent that that has some impact on their payment, they are paying attention to the 30 days that followed the discharge. But there again, if you are a hospital, you sort of say, you are holding me responsible, but there is all these other actors, how do we bring them into it.    And that is what gets us to some of the things that we are discussing today, whether you start thinking about payments affects that cut across like what I will call loose bundles or hard bundles, depending on what kind of model we are talking about, and then of course the level above that is if there is an accountable care organization that the hospital is a part of----    Mr. Miller . Then obviously it has those incentives kind of built into that.    Mr. Miller. I think there are still steps to be taken, but absolutely. So, for example, the Congress has implemented readmission penalties for hospitals and skilled nursing facilities but not home health.    Mr. Miller. My understanding is home health and the skilled nursing facility, or associations and environments agree that there should be readmission penalties. The details----    Mr. Miller . We probably disagree on but that would be usual.    And then there are--I also want you to know this. And actually the whole committee to know this. There are discussions in the Commission. These are very--it is public. It is in the transcript, but we haven't jelled on it of, should there be some greater steering on the part of the hospital if the provider is being steered to have high quality rankings, that type.    Mr. Miller. I kind of thought you were going there.    Mr. Miller. There is something of a different ballgame there.    Mr. Miller. The community admits are sometime--the words there. There is something of a different ballgame there in the sense of that beneficiary, it's potentially more difficult for the program to figure out whether we have a needed service there because the person doing the admitting--I don't want to overstate this, but the person doing the admitting in some instances is the person who is going to benefit from the admission in terms of the provider.    Now, you can be referred by community physicians, of course, but there are also decisions made by the particular provider to take a person in to continue to add episodes of care, for example, in a home health setting.    Mr. Miller. And so I think some of the things we might need to think about there is whether the beneficiary bears some small portion of the cost so that the decision is not just completely open-ended to the beneficiary.    Mr. Miller. And whether there needs to be some ability to look at prior authorization, that type of thing.    Mr. Miller. OK. I appreciate that.    Mr. Miller. I do think it is an incredibly important point. I think--and regardless of what kind of payment system we are talking about, you need to get the risk--you need to get risk adjustment straight so that providers don't have an incentive to avoid the most complex patients. And a lot of our work has been focused on that in different settings of trying to adjust the risk and the payment systems to fix those very kinds of problems. And so you do need it.    I think again, the data that will come through the IMPACT Act will help, but we are not completely without abilities to do that now. And one--I want to say one other thing before I say that. The other thing you want to do to help mitigate risk is have quality metrics so that if you really don't treat a patient well, the signal comes back through your payment, and then also you can do it through insurance functions, things like this.    It is an episode payment, but if you have an outlier, then there will be a payment that comes in behind that. So that the person realizes a patient is going south or potentially could go south, they aren't completely exposed to that. And that also helps them make more willing to take the complicated patient.    So I think, in answering your question, risk, absolutely important, don't forget, and I know you haven't, but quality feeds into that, and then an insurance structure in addition to that like an outlier payment all helps try and mitigate the concern which I think is you don't want them avoiding the most complicated patients. And I think there are bundles of mechanisms you can kind of think about. Anyway, I will stop.