    Mr. Carter. You will never get away from me that way. I am Chairman of Homeland Security appropriations and serve on the defense and the defense subcommittees, so we have all the national defense issues with cyber and now serve on this wonderful committee, and so cyber is just pounding me from every direction. So every time I hear someone say that it pops into my head. Because I don't know anything about this stuff.    If they can do that to your cellphone, why can't they do it to every computer in the country and nobody can get into it?    Voice. Logical----    Mr. Carter. If that is the case then there is a solution to that to the invaders from around the world that are trying to get in here. You know, if that gets to be the scope, the law, and even the law cannot penetrate it, then are we not creating an instrument that is the perfect tool for lawlessness?    This is a very interesting conundrum that is developing in the law. If they, at their own will at Microsoft should put something on a computer, or at Apple can put something in that computer, which is what it is, to where nobody but that owner can open it, then why can't they put it in the big giant supercomputers, that nobody but that owner can open it?    And everything gets locked away secretly. And that sounds like a solution to this great cyber attack problem we have got. But in turn it allows those who would do harm, to have a great tool to do harm where a law enforcement cannot reach it. This is a problem that has got to be solved.    And if you are following the Bill of Rights, you have every right to be able to go before a judge, present your probable cause, and (indiscernible) get into that machine. And I do not think there is a right of privacy issue at all that prevents you following the law to do it.    And so if that is what they have created, they have created a monster that will harm law enforcement, national security, and anything else in this country, and this really needs to be addressed. And I would not have even talked about that, but that upsets the heck out of me, because I do not think that is right. Thank you.    Mr. Carter. I think I would probably--if anybody had an affidavit of probable cause, and if I found that they got probable cause, I would issue--give them the right to make the search. And if they made it search proof, then--and you cannot, even the guy that created the monster cannot get in there, that is bad policy.    Mr. Carter. Sir, but if you cannot crack the safe--    Mr. Carter . Which is what they have created here, that is a real crisis.    Mr. Carter. On our issues of privacy, those issues of privacy are protected by the Bill of Rights.    Mr. Carter. I am yielding my time, go ahead and talk, he is a nice guy.    Mr. Carter. I have another question I wanted to ask you last time we were here, you said one of things you were concerned about is am I going to be able to get the--in the workforce the quantity of people that I need in this cyber war that we are facing.    How are you doing in being able to recruit the intelligent workforce that it takes to go off in this spatial area of national security and crime? How effective have you been since our last conversation? It is one of the things you expressed the last time we were here and I wanted to give you a chance to say how effective you have been and what can we do to make you more effective?    Mr. Carter. Well, I mean this is not an issue you got, but what else you can in what it is you do. And one of the questions that has come up for us to discuss is what other opportunities to contract with these people who are--have these (indiscernible) that all they do is this kind of work and maybe is that something that Government can do effectively and safely protecting government's interests and sub-contract some of the work to the great computer wizards of our world? That is something we need to be thinking about.    And now, we're looking now, at Homeland Security, is whether or not that is a safe, appropriate thing to do, to sub-contract. So that is something you might think about. Because there is a lot of--I was in a room full of these smart people yesterday morning for breakfast, and they--I understood about every fifth word. Thank you.    Mr. Carter. We do not have an exit policy right now. So if they overstay a visa, they can know they are overstaying, but they do not know if they have left or not. So that is a real problem.    Mr. Carter. But that is not really where he is coming from. Working together, I think there is a good working relationship between the agencies and the FBI and others. Our guys are doing a pretty decent job on the law enforcement side of it. The (indiscernible)--yeah, we need an exit policy, but it is going to cost--you can start counting in billions of dollars when we start doing it. And that is one of the problems we have got in this particular environment we are living in right now.    Mr. Carter. Well, we do not have an exit policy right now. We do not know.    Mr. Carter. Yeah, then we are tracking----    Mr. Carter . Individuals.    Mr. Carter. Yeah.    Mr. Carter. Now, then if we are tracking individuals, we do that every day.    Mr. Carter. But just an average Joe that flies over the, you know, a plane for a vacation, if he stays----    Mr. Carter . We don't know when he is going to leave. He could have left. He did not--we do not necessarily know----    Mr. Carter . Whether he left or did not leave.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Now, let us have a little judge/prosecutor discussion here.    Mr. Carter. We (indiscernible)--I am not a law professor. This is the kind of thing we are going to have to be thinking about. We're telling our industry. Okay? The cyber attacks are real. They are coming. Home Depot got attacked. Sony got attacked. We just heard about Blue Cross getting attacked. You got to build your fort, where part of our plan for cyber security is to tell industry, ``Build a fort. Protect yourself. Be prepared. We are helping you, assisting you, but be prepared.''    Now, whether this attack is a criminal act or an act of war is an interesting debate to have. I would ask everybody in the cyber field, what is your opinion of when a cyber attack escalates above a criminal activity and becomes an act of war? Most people say it is a policy decision. I understand that is a good cop-out. But just a discussion, it is an interesting discussion.    But then there is even a more interesting thing, because what you are going to have ultimately is almost we are going back to the Middle Ages. We are building a bunch of little forts around our industry. Some of these forts are going to be very powerful. I would bet the fort around Microsoft is going to be extremely powerful. The fort around Apple is going to be extremely powerful.    Not only powerful in defending themselves from an attack outside, but they'll actually have the ability to counter-attack. And when they counter-attack, they could start an international incident. They could start we don't know what--and that is a question we have to ponder, because quite honestly, we are as a government permitting them to build that fort. And that fort is nothing more than build your own castle and protect your castle.    Now, there is so little to be always able to be in the defensive posture. But those with the offensive capability may go offensive. And for the criminal justice system, we may have to decide, has that person gone too far, just like the security guard that protects--uses his gun in the protection of the bank or so forth? Some of it is going to be self-defense, maybe some of it is not. We have to make that determination. We may have to make that determination in the cyber world sometime in the future if a private entity protecting its own property decides to counter-attack in a cyber attack, which we sort of have the ability to do.    And which we would preserve to do as a government, though, they would have to preserve some of these big monster tech industries that have the ability to counter-attack. How is that going to affect us in the criminal--the world of criminal justice? Or have you ever thought about that?    Mr. Carter. And I would agree with you, but if you look at the Dark Ages, that is exactly what happened. The folks could not control the individual castles. Any of them, they could not control the individual castles. It caused all kinds of social turmoil in the Middle Ages. And, arguably, we could be going to cyber Middle Ages with everybody defending their own. Because the government is (indiscernible) right now--we are taking care of the government and in some instances, we are taking care of our body politic of commerce.    But the individual, actually with the ownership, it is going to protect their own. And I think that on the horizon we got real issues, because the government has got to come in and say, ``How far can this person go to protect their own?''    Mr. Carter. And they are developing an ability for us that is--I am making this up, because I do not know anything about cyber--that the minute you hack into me, it fries everything--every computer you--attached to you all over the world. If somebody can just--comes up with that, that is going to be a very large offensive tool that somebody could use.    It is a question that the government has got to start thinking about, because this is a big deal. And at some point that is an act of war. Then, the government has to go to defend the individual's property. If they bombed Microsoft or bombed in Dallas, I think we would be--if they fly an airplane, dropped a bomb, we call it an act of war. The question is, when we get the point where it is an act of war by basically destroying my business? That is a tough question.    Mr. Carter. And we in the criminal justice system have to think about it, and our professors back in law school have to think about it, and we have to come up with a solution.    Mr. Carter. I think you are probably right.    Mr. Carter. And that is a huge task. Thank you.    Mr. Carter. Yes, but it is a question that I think we are literally creating those castles today. There is no doubt about that. (Indiscernible).    Mr. Carter. (Indiscernible).    Mr. Carter. I have got to go. I want to thank you for----    Mr. Carter . What you do, and we are very proud of the FBI and all the good work you do. Thank you.    Mr. Carter. That is right.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First I will comment on what you were talking about there. You know, first off, I can tell you at least in state court, the district attorney does not have grand jury testimony available to the defense. They ask for it every time. They do not get it very often. So that is kind of a sacred cow for them. I think it probably is a sacred cow for the FBI, too.    That is part of it. I know that is. And some of these other things that concern evidence that they might be using at trial is a very sacred cow, too. This is an adversarial position that these folks are in. I am not defending them, but I think there has got to be something to that effect on some of this.    Back to my question because this is the world I live in right now. Last year, DOJ asked for 24 additional immigration judge teams. This year, they've asked for 55 immigration judge teams.    Has there been any progress in identifying how effective these immigration judge teams are? With the continuing request for additional immigration judge teams, has there been a corresponding increase in removal letters considering that 42 percent of all defendants sentenced in federal courts are non-U.S. nationals?    I am concerned about the continual release of non-U.S. nationals throughout the country by immigration judge teams and the subsequent crimes they commit. Do you track any of that data and are you looking into it?    Mr. Carter. Well, it goes to another question I have on recidivism rates.    Mr. Carter. The prison people tell us they are not doing any studies on recidivism rates. Recidivism is part of why we have----    Mr. Carter . Prisons and why we have punishment systems and why we have alternatives to it, incarceration and all the other things we come up with.    How effective is it in preventing crime and preventing the individual from coming back----    Mr. Carter . Into the system?    Mr. Carter. If we are not confident in that data, maybe the Congress needs to act to have somebody collect it.    Mr. Carter. Yeah.    Mr. Carter. And this really concerns me because, you know, even at our attorney general level in a little old, small county relative to the big Federal Government, we have those kind of studies in our----    Mr. Carter . Probation departments recidivism studies to look at special alternatives to incarceration programs and halfway houses can be a headache that you cannot believe them because just two or three really bad events come out of a halfway house situation where somebody gets killed--I tried a capital murder case where two guys from a halfway house murdered a UT student. And let me tell you the community rises up in arms at that point in time. So it is important to get this data.    Mr. Carter. Thank you, John. I went over my time.    Mr. Carter. It is in his testimony.    Mr. Carter. Thank you.    Mr. Carter. Can I chime in for a second?    Mr. Carter. There is no resolution designed related to any of this; it is all--I mean you said that you are treated as a civil litigant?    Mr. Carter. But in the dispute of the civil litigant, there is always the judge.    Mr. Carter. Yes?    Mr. Carter. Well, I mean at some point in time there has got to be a resolution to this thing, and if we need to write a resolution to the law, then we need to write a resolution to the law.    Mr. Carter. It is insane that you are supposed to oversee the activities of people--in fact, you are supposed to police them up.    Mr. Carter. And the people you are policing up can say, We are not going to give you the evidence.    Mr. Carter. I am sorry, that flies in the face of felonious.    Mr. Carter. Right.    Mr. Carter. That is a fixable problem, but it needs to be fixed.    Mr. Carter. Mr. Chairman, if I may?    Mr. Carter. I would like to suggest that the staff of the subcommittee have a conversation with the judiciary committee on the issues that we have been talking about here, a dispute resolution solution. This is very important.    I tried a--case. I spent almost two weeks resolving, yes, you can have that, and no, you cannot have that. I know that somebody has got to do it.    Mr. Carter. You cannot just stand up there and look at each other and say, No, yes, you know?    Mr. Carter. It did not make sense.    Mr. Carter. So I would suggest that we all get at the staff level some good communications going with the judiciary committee.