    Mrs. Love. Thank you. Thank you for being here, Mr. Secretary. I know that these questions are really hard and I just want you to know, I acknowledge that. What is the expected default rate among the homeowners that you expect to help through lower premiums and the lowering of some of these standards?    Mrs. Love. All right, 10 percent. So you said about 10 percent or less is what you are expecting the default rate. Okay, so what happens to those people when they go into default? What happens to them?    Mrs. Love. Do they lose their home?    Mrs. Love. Okay, I just--    Mrs. Love. So they lose their homes. They end up losing their credit. Yes? When they lose their home, they end up losing their credit for a while, is that correct?    Mrs. Love. Okay, now what happens to the value of the homes in that neighborhood? What happens to the other people who have gotten into homes responsibly when somebody ends up defaulting on their home? What happens to the values of the homes in that neighborhood?    Mrs. Love. I just asked you what happens to the value of a home in the neighborhood where somebody has defaulted on their loan.    Mrs. Love. Okay, Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta Economic Review: ``Given that foreclosure properties generally sell at a discount, the natural question arises as to whether these distressed properties, in turn, put downward sale prices pressure on neighborhood properties resulting in negative externalities.''    Another quote from the White House blog, your predecessor, Shaun Donovan stated that, ``We all understand the impact the foreclosure crisis has had on homeowners, but the crisis hurt communities, too. Foreclosed and vacant homes have a debilitating effect on neighborhoods, and often lead to blight neighborhoods, decay, and reduced property values.''    We have talked about what is seen here. There is a great economist named Frederic Bastiat who talks about what is seen and what is unseen. One of the things that he says is that there is a difference between good economists and bad economists, and good directors and bad directors. The bad ones confine themselves to the visual effects of what is seen, get more people into homes, but then a really good one actually looks beyond that and sees both accounts. That which is seen, and that which must be foreseen. What I am trying to say is, this is not just the fiscal issue for me. This is a moral issue. This is about us taking people and bringing them to the lowest common denominator.    What happens to the values of homes when people default on homes? What do these neighborhoods start to look like? Think about that. What do you say to the people who have gotten into their homes responsibly, and all of a sudden because of so many different foreclosures around that area, realize that their neighborhoods are going into decay, that they have lost the value in their home. What do you say to those people?    Mrs. Love. Okay, you are a mayor. I am a mayor. I have seen--are you telling me that you haven't seen the effects of neighborhoods that had the potential of being great and that you see all of these neighborhoods that are foreclosed and people lost the value of their homes, and neighborhoods turn into something that is less than desirable, what they wanted in the first place, somewhere where they can grow and they thrive. This is about bringing people from the lowest common denominator up.    The last thing I want to bring up is a map that was actually sent here by our ranking member that was introduced, and this shows distressed neighborhoods from 2008 to 2012. And the only thing I want to leave you with is that the people who are in--who run these areas have the same political view as you do. In the words of the President during the State of the Union Address, if it is not working, it is time to do something different. We need to do everything we can, by not just worrying about one family, but worrying about as many people as possible.