    Mr. Buck. At the risk of missing votes, I will be brief.    I actually didn't come here to argue or to ask any questions; I just wanted to pass a message to you. I am dating myself, but as a Federal prosecutor I worked with INS agents, not ICE agents. Then as a district attorney I worked with ICE agents.    And I have to tell you that some of the very best people I worked with were from INS and ICE, and the folks that you have on the ground are absolutely passionate about the mission that you have with your agency; and, as a prosecutor, I am sure you probably share my view of I don't want to call them the old INS agents, but INS agents.    The problem I have, and I think the challenge that you have and the message that I wanted to deliver to you today is that the sense of mission is becoming frayed. I think they are getting a lot of mixed messages from DC. While their heart is in public safety and while they are doing their very best to protect the public and work with local law enforcement and work with prosecutors and sheriffs offices and police departments, I think they are getting a mixed message. I would just encourage you to try to work with those folks who are on the ground that I have seen really struggling.    And I don't say this in a partisan way, but really having a morale issue as a result of the various messages being sent out there, both by mayors and city councils and county commissions and others, as well as folks in DC. We were doing much better in 2005, 2006, 2007 in terms of being able to hold people in the local jail and move them through the process. There was a much clearer sense of really what the priorities should be than there is now.    So I just wanted to present that to you in as neutral a way as possible and just encourage you to work with those people because if we lose them, it is a loss to the Federal Government, it is a loss to the public safety.    That is really all I wanted to say. If you would like to comment, I open this for dialog.    Mr. Buck. And if there is anything I can do to help, but if there is anything we can do in terms of legislation to help in that way, I certainly would welcome the opportunity to work with you on this.    Mr. Buck. Thank you.