    Mr. Parshall. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Mr. Cohen, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee.    On behalf of the American Center for Law and Justice, thank you for allowing me to address this very important subject of religious freedom under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, RFRA. Like my colleague, I will focus specifically on RFRA in my testimony.    I make three primary points. First of all, the language of RFRA must not be diminished. If anything, it ought to be expanded to apply to other situations, some of which I have mentioned in my written testimony. I believe, with all due respect, that all three of the suggestions of Professor Tebbe to amend RFRA would not only diminish, but probably substantially undermine the religious liberty rights recognized by RFRA. I'd be glad to address those in any questions that you've got.    Second of all, the success of RFRA itself is proven in a number of different ways; first of all, by the cases that have been mentioned by my colleagues at the dais today, but also, of course, by the Hobby Lobby decision by the Supreme Court, but the necessity, the necessity of RFRA is proven by the Olympian, near impossible legal hurdle that a person has to pass in order to vindicate their religious rights without RFRA, ever since the Smith decision of the Supreme Court. And I'd just mention one case to prove my point about how high that hurdle would be, but for RFRA. The case was LeBlanc-Sternberg v. Fletcher, a Second Circuit Court of Appeals decision.    Now, while RFRA was being debated in Congress, a village in New York state was being formed and a zoning code was being created, the evidence showed, for the specific purpose of keeping Orthodox Jewish citizens out of that area. Despite that, the U.S. District Court entered a judgment as a matter of law against the Orthodox Jewish plaintiffs. I was retained to argue the appeal in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals. We were fortunate to get that decision reversed and the religious rights of those Orthodox Jewish citizens were vindicated.    But it was decided on a Free Exercise claim, not RFRA, because RFRA was not applied in that case. But the only reason that we prevailed is because the village officials made the mistake tactically of having a flood tide of anti-Semitic evidence in the record and then corroborated by the way in which they gerrymandered their zoning code to make sure that Jewish citizens could not have in-home synagogue worship.    But that kind of a situation, individual specific targeting of religious groups, is very, very rare. Invidious anti-religious discrimination is usually much more covert than that, and without RFRA, religious rights in those situations would have absolutely no method of redress since the Smith case. In those cases, like the Holt case, the prison beard case, where there's no evidence that there was intentional hostility against religious belief, more like a thoughtless bureaucratic decision-making that simply failed to understand the high value of religious freedom.    And that brings me to my third point. RFRA, under the rubric of the statute, as correctly interpreted by the Supreme Court, simply says this: if a Federal regulation, statute or action impinges or substantially burdens the sincerely held religious beliefs of individuals, then the burden shifts to the government to prove, number one, that it has a compelling government interest, a very high standard, of an interest, a compelling interest that must overcome that religious burden on the individuals, and then number two, that there are no lesser burdensome alternatives that are available.    Now, why is that burden-shifting appropriate? It's appropriate only if you take a high view of religious liberty. If you take a low view, then you will shift, as Professor Tebbe has suggested, you will shift the burden on the religious person to defend themselves. And I don't think that's what the founders intended, and certainly that's not what RFRA was all about.    I pointed out in my written testimony the research data that shows how Nations globally around the world that have a high value placed on religious liberty have flourished, not only in terms of their economies, but in terms of innovation. I've also cited some of the clear data that indicates that religious America supports an entire private sphere of charitable giving that benefits local communities as a result of the religious liberty climate thus far, as we have allowed it to flourish.    But, then, that should not come as any surprise. Our founders knew how preeminent religious freedom was and ought to be. They, in effect, have given us a sacred trust to protect it. Now the question is, will we honor that trust?    Thank you.    Mr. Parshall. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Yes. I think that you've--I think you've hit the nail on the head in the sense that while it isn't just a matter of dollars and cents in terms of protecting religious liberty, we need to know the downside consequences when we diminish year after year the rights of religious people and religious organizations. Likewise, if we support--with the original vision that our founders had the full gamut of religious liberties, there are tremendous blessings, tremendous benefits that are going to accrue to our Republic. One of them--and I've mentioned the economic aspect in my written testimony, but one of them is also the happy consequence to other civil liberties.    As a matter of fact, when you look at the speeches of the clergy who supported the move to independence in the 1700's, people like John Witherspoon and others, they were absolutely convinced that religious liberty and civil liberty were so intertwined intrinsically, that if you denied one, you were automatically going to deny the other.    So, as you look at the data about how unfortunately much of the American public has lost sight of the history and the meaning and the parameters of the Bill of Rights, I think there's also a blessing and a benefit to America, not just in fortifying religious liberty when we stand for that principle, but it will enlighten the fact that, as I've indicated by--Professor Cox once said, you look at it, the history of the Bill of Rights, it started with a spiritual core and moved out from there.    Mr. Parshall. Well, first of all, as you know, the Court ruled in a way that affirmed the ACLJ's legal position that we had argued in that case.    Zoning codes--and I've done zoning work. I'm not a specialist in it, but those of us who do religious liberty work run into these zoning cases quite a bit. Zoning codes and zoning authorities have the right to use a number of criteria that are religion-neutral.    And, in this case, the reason that the Court ruled and the reason that ACLJ argued was not because of public outcry. This wasn't a mob effort. This was a reasoned effort in line with the criteria that zoning boards and zoning ordinances and zoning laws can apply--things like aesthetics and history, legacy. And, in this case, we all have to admit that there was a particular history surrounding the 9/11 tragedy in that part of New York City, very much like the landmarking laws that are often--in fact, the Flores case addressed the competing interests between religious liberty and landmarking.    So, in a sense, I look at this as a landmarking issue and not a targeting-of-religion issue.