    Mr.  Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this joint hearing. I think there couldn't be a better time, with incidents that we have seen most recently and around the world relating to terrorism and our border vulnerability.    I guess you would probably conclude that our borders are porous, a sieve, and tens of thousands of illegals are coming across the border.    Would that be appropriate, Mr. Judd? Do you think that is correct?    Mr.  Mica. You described the vehicle. They cut the wires and came through. You don't know whether there were drugs, weapons, explosives. It could have carried great quantities of that across the border.    Mr.  Mica. Let me ask the DHS representative, I just heard that El Chapo, the noted drug kingpin and czar, crossed the border. He bragged about it, I guess after his capture, like he was coming on some regular vacation journey to the United States. Are you aware of that?    Mr.  Mica. Not only were we informed that he was crossing routinely, now we have evidence that some of the weapons, at least one of the weapons that was found when he was captured was from the Fast and Furious collection, which was provided by the U.S. Government. You are not aware of that either?    Mr.  Mica. Okay.    Most disturbing. Mr. Judd, you gave some excellent testimony. You described one of the issues, and you said the Border Patrol, due to DHS prosecutorial discretion guidelines, released more than 3,800 illegal aliens who were in our custody and were subject to deportation proceedings. And you said they were released simply because they claimed to have been in the United States continuously since January 2014.    This amnesty through policy of the administration, this is the President's policy of amnesty? Is that what rules the proceedings?    Mr.  Mica. So we have allowed tens of thousands--I saw an estimate of about 50,000 criminal illegals in the United States, a guesstimate.    They are subject to deportation, aren't they?    Mr.  Mica. But, again, we have allowed millions with a sort of waiver and tied your hands, which you put in your written testimony.    Not only the borders but the airports are now our borders where people are flying in, whether it is from Europe, or Central or South America, around the world.    And there is a Credential Screening Gateway System, which is outlined in an IG report, June 4, 2015. It says worker credentials, and these are workers at the airport that, in fact, we don't have thousands of passport numbers. These are people with, for example, no alien registration number for immigrants working in our airports, 14,000; no passport number for immigrants, 75,000; first names with two characters or less, 1,500; what is this, 87 some thousand-some working--87,000 active and we don't have those records.    Are you aware of that, Mr. Vitiello? This is a DHS inspector general report.    Mr.  Mica. So the borders are a sieve. We have people working at our airports who are aliens who we don't even know anything about. We don't have confirmed their alien registration numbers or their passport numbers. Is that correct?    Mr. Chairman, I would like this page to be made part of the record.    Mr.  Mica. Finally, if I may, in my local community, my police chiefs, who I have met with the last few weeks--we have a big drug epidemic in Florida and around the Nation--but we were talking about that. And we talked about illegal aliens.    They say they arrest them. They detain them. They call the Border Patrol. And they advise them that they can't help. And they are often just escorted to the county line.    Are you aware that that is going on in our local communities, our local jurisdictions and borders?    Mr.  Mica. Central Florida.    Mr.  Mica. But they are dumping them back into the community, and you all are refusing to do anything.    Maybe some of it is what Mr. Judd described. We have let them through presidential edict stay here and not be accountable.    Thank you. I yield back.