    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I too want to thank our witnesses for your testimony today. Your insights have been invaluable and I think this is a very important discussion. I think there is certainly no greater responsibility that any of us have here on this committee or in government when the decisions come up as to when or whether or not to send our men and women in uniform into harm's way and to get it right when we do.    You all have made clear very important points about why an AUMF is important, again, sending the signals to our allies and our enemies as well as our troops that the law-making branch of government, were going to stand behind their efforts to defeat     I want to give each of you an opportunity, and this has been a pretty thorough discussion already, but give you an additional opportunity to talk about and point out the important points that should be left in an AUMF, which--in this as it is drafted, and which should be removed and within the time that we have, and if you can't get to everything, perhaps additional points in writing, if you would.    Some of the first points that we need to see in the theater right now to signal that there has been a turn. Clearly nature hates a vacuum, and there is a vacuum right now there that ISIL is filling, and there is also the saying that, you know, if they are strong they have to be with you, and I think that is why you are seeing this growing support of ISIL, because they are strong and getting stronger right now.    What would indicate an initial tactical success within the theater of conflict that would show that the tide has turned--is turning that would hopefully lead and then indicate that we are on the road to achieving strategic success?    And then finally, if you could, long term, how do we defeat this radical, violent ideology? Because in many ways this is an ideological war as well as a violent military one.    So I understand I have asked a lot there, and if you can't get to everything I understand, but perhaps some additional thoughts in writing would be helpful, too.    General, should we start with you?    General Keane. Okay. Thank you.    Well, certainly in terms of some near-term tactical success that would indicate that we are beginning to turn the tide against ISIS is to capitalize on what we have already achieved in Iraq. We have stalled their offensive in Iraq largely through the use of air power. We have retaken some territory, some modest territory back in Baiji and also up in Sinjar in the north.    But what is coming next, and I think you are very much aware of is largely a counteroffensive military campaign to retake the major environs of Mosul, Tikrit, Fallujah, and part of Anbar Province, essentially fighting up the Tigris and Euphrates River Valleys is what we are really talking about here.    And that counteroffensive will be a major campaign and, if successful, clearly that will demonstrate that the tide has truly turned against ISIS. They will have to flee into Syria, which is their de facto capital now. It is where they maintain many of their--much of their resources. It is where their recruiting and training is taking place. And it will be a--continue to be something of a safe haven to them because there is--at least in the near term there is no ground force to act against them, although we will try to find--continue to find targets against them.    But that will send a huge message in terms of initial tactical success against ISIS. And I think it would have some impact, don't know for certain, but my judgment tells me it would begin to have some impact on whether people want to join this organization or not when they see it largely beginning to be destroyed right before their eyes.    So I think that is very important to us. And as we have said many times here, and I think everybody sitting at the table here is in agreement, that is an immediate military strategy, but we need a longer-term strategy that deals with the ideology or we will be dealing with ISIS-like enemies again. And that truly should be avoided.    We have an incredible lexicon of learning experience here after--you know, it will be 14 years this September of dealing with this radical Islamic issue and we still, still, as we sit here now, do not have a comprehensive strategy to deal with it.    Undermining their ideology in a global alliance is what I suggested, and I think that is largely dealing with the people in the region who have to do this because the ideology is tied to the Islamic religion. But it also, from a practical sense, an alliance like that would share intelligence, it would share training, it would share technology so that people in it are all benefitting from it.    And I don't think we would craft that strategy. I think we would bring that alliance together and the alliance would craft it. And the input we would get from the participating nations who are dealing with this would be very significant, in my judgment, in terms of how to approach it and what practical means are there to do it.    And I will stop right there so others have an opportunity to talk.    Mr. Langevin. My time is expired and I wish we had time, 5 minutes goes by too fast.    I would appreciate input from the other witnesses on the things that I raised, but I do thank you all for your input here today.    I also want to make a point that I am encouraged that this needs to be a multinational coalition and that we need to see the nations in the Arab world also step up, which I see that, I see that they are doing. We need to see more of that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Ashford.