    Mr. BECERRA. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today, Social Security is strong and it continues to be critically important to the American public. In fact, the need to expand and improve Social Security is growing, because fewer and fewer workers in America today have traditional pensions to count on and it is increasingly difficult for the majority of Americans to save adequately for retirement.    In more than 80 years, Social Security, despite the worst recessions we have seen in this country since the Great Depression--and certainly the one in 2008 was the worst--but in those 80 years, Social Security has never failed to pay benefits in full and on time.    So let's be clear, Social Security is not now and never will be broke. Social Security currently has $2.8 trillion--not million, not billion--$2.8 trillion dollars surplus in its trust fund. That exists because of working Americans making contributions through their paychecks to the trust fund.    Even without the trust fund, Social Security's incoming payroll contributions from American workers would still cover about three-quarters of the benefits Americans have earned and expect to receive. But no one wants to get three-quarters of what they expect, and that shortfall coming in the next decades is a challenge, one we need to address.    But let's be wary of scare tactics that make it seem like Social Security is broken or broke and that our only choice is therefore to cut America's benefits. Remember, last year we heard the claims that Social Security would have to cut benefits for disabled workers by 20 percent. But many of us on the Democratic side fought hard to prevent that kind of a cut and showed that Social Security had the funds to pay the benefits those Americans who earned those benefits were entitled to.    So remember, Social Security has never added one dime to the debt or the deficit. And you can see from this chart, in the 80 years of Social Security, more than 80 years, how much we have collected from American workers and how much we have paid out to those who are beneficiaries, and you can see how we make up that $2.8 trillion surplus.    So let's put the Social Security challenge in perspective. Some people will say you can't count the $2.8 trillion Social Security has in surplus and you can't count the money that everyday American workers are putting into Social Security through their payroll contributions, that it is all funny money.    Well, here is the truth: Social Security is one of the only programs in our Federal Government that pays for itself. And let's take a look at one very important program of the Federal Government, the defense budget and all our military activities to protect the American people. We would all agree that that is something that we must do.    This year our Federal deficit, in part, is due to our military spending. About $114 billion of our Federal budget right now is added to the national deficits and debt. And since the last time we had a balanced budget in fiscal year 2000, we have added about $2.3 trillion in deficit spending for the military to our debt.    By contrast, in those same 15, 16 years, what has Social Security done? Well, in that same time, Social Security's surplus went from $1 trillion in fiscal year 2000 to the $2.8 trillion of today. So not only did Social Security not add one single penny to the national deficits over those 16 years, not only did it not add a penny to the national debt over those 16 years, but it actually increased the size of its surplus in the trust fund by $1.8 trillion.    That is why Social Security is on such secure footing, because American workers contribute to it separately and it is there for them for their benefits into the future.    Moving forward into the future, if someone wants to play the crystal ball game of forecasting what we will spend on Social Security or the military or anything else, then Social Security, with its independent source of funding from Americans' paycheck contributions, is in far better shape than any other segment of the Federal Government. We should not forget that. Social Security has an 80-year track record, as I said, of paying benefits on time and in full.    Its future we must work on to make sure it is as solid as always. And I will put my hat and my bet on Social Security over any other program, private or public, any time of the day.    So, Mr. Chairman, we know that Social Security will face challenges in the future, but let's not manufacture crises. Let's make sure we move forward, and let's take care of the real, immediate crisis that Social Security does face, and that is a funding shortfall that has seen its budget cut by 10 percent since 2010 while it has seen a 15 million increase in the number of beneficiaries from the 45 million it had 6 years ago. That is the real problem, is underfunding the ability of Social Security to provide good service to the American public.    So, Mr. Chairman, I am glad that Mr. Goss is here. I look forward to his testimony. And let's make sure that we are all working to make Social Security sound and secure for the next generations of Americans who can rely on it as well.    I yield back.    Mr. BECERRA. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goss, thanks for your testimony.    Let me have you refer to the chart that is on the screen just to be sure we do the simple math on Social Security. This chart covers the 80-plus years that Social Security has been in existence.    On the left is the amount of money that American workers have paid into the system. As you can see, the gray bar represents the contributions, people's taxpayer contributions, their taxes paid to the payroll tax. The dark blue bar above it is the interest that has been earned on all the money Americans have put into the trust fund, right?    The bar on the right, the red part of it, reflects what we have paid out, the Social Security Administration has paid out to millions of Americans who have received their benefits. As you mentioned, 60 million Americans today are receiving Social Security benefits. That is how much we paid out in those same 80-plus years.    You can't really see it, but there is a little bar, a dark bar right on top of the red bar. That represents the administrative costs, the overhead for Social Security to do its business, less than 1 percent.    Mr. Goss, you have been doing this business for a long time. Are you aware of any business in America that does insurance that operates at an overhead of less than 1 percent?    Mr. BECERRA. Yeah. And whether it is your retirement plan or whether it is your savings accounts, I know of no business that can tell me that of the money I put in, that company is only going to take less than 1 percent to operate the business and charge me for their overhead.    And as we can see, there is a surplus there, $2.8 trillion in what is being collected through American workers contributions and what we have had to pay out. I just said that over its 80-plus years, Social Security has never run a deficit, has never contributed a penny to the Nation's debt. Is that an accurate statement?    Mr. BECERRA. So now, let's look forward. Let's not try to deceive anyone. That surplus that we have, the $2.8 trillion, that is a lot of money. But over the years, because there are so many Americans, 60 million-plus, and that is going to grow with the baby boomers retiring, are going to be calling on that money that is in reserve. And by 2034, if the estimates are accurate, we will have exhausted all of the reserve. That means that the only money coming into Social Security will be the money American workers are paying in through their payroll taxes, and that would be enough to cover about 79 cents, I think you said, of what we currently provide in a dollar's worth of benefits.    No American wants to get 79 cents on what Americans today are getting at a dollar apace. And so clearly we want to do something. And so we have the next 20 years or so to resolve that on a bipartisan basis.    But let me ask you to compare, because you work with Social Security. American taxpayers are paying into the Social Security system through their payroll taxes, contributing to the trust fund. The rest of the Federal budget doesn't operate that way, or most of it doesn't operate that way.    And I mentioned, for example, that we have a deficit right now in our Federal operating budget. About $114 billion of that operating deficit, or that deficit that comes from our operating budget, is attributable to what we are spending today, this year, on the military. And if you take a look at what we spent in the last 15 years, as I mentioned, since the last time we had a balanced budget in the Federal Government, we have added about $2.3 trillion in deficit to that national debt as a result of what we spent on the military.    Now, I don't think anyone here is going to say, oh, let's not spend that money on our troops. But we have to recognize, we are deficit spending. In that same time, we have never added to the deficits of the country through Social Security.    And so as we start to talk about long-term projections about where we are going, isn't it important to know if you have a source of funding for the program that you consider vital, whether it is national defense or Social Security? I pose that as a question.    Mr. BECERRA. So let me ask you one last question. In the last 6 years has your operation been impacted by the cuts to the Social Security budget, the operating budget for Social Security? Have you been impacted?    Mr. BECERRA. Thank you very much.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.