    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And let me join in welcoming the Conway family to the hearing, and let me compliment the Honorable Michael Botticelli for having the roots, origins in the 20th Congressional District of New York. So welcome all.    One of the biggest concerns I hear from individuals and families struggling with addiction is the difficulty they have accessing treatment. As you know, with the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act, as well as with our Affordable Care Act, millions more people have gained access to mental health and substance use services. However, recent reports have laid bare the fact that these new treatments as options sometimes exist on paper only.    So my question first to Assistant Secretary Frank, Dr. Frank, what is HHS planning to do to increase the public disclosure of the Medicaid management practices insurers use both on the commercial side and on Medicaid and CHIP so that consumers can truly evaluate their health plans to make sure they are in compliance with parity?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Assistant Secretary.    And Director Botticelli, I would like to talk about another barrier to treatment for some patients. And press accounts have suggested that some States are denying patients access to drug courts if they are receiving medication-assisted treatments, or MATs. I understand this has been a problem in Kentucky, at least according to some press accounts. So, Director, can you explain what is going on here? Given the importance of MATs, why are some judges attempting to cut patients off of medicines that can actually help them recover?    Mr. Tonko. Dr. Volkow, on that same issue, do you agree with the assessment?    Mr. Tonko. OK. And another barrier that patients face is the lack of available treatment providers who can prescribe MATs. Director Botticelli, can you comment on this dearth of providers who can prescribe buprenophrine, for example, what are some of the reasons for the shortage and what can we do to address it?    Mr. Tonko. All right. Thank you very much. And thank you to the entire panel for guiding us in this crisis situation.