    Mr. Rasmussen. Thank you, Chairman McCaul, Ranking Member Thompson and Members of the committee. I really do appreciate the opportunity to be here today to discuss the threat posed by foreign fighters and home-grown terror and our efforts as a Government to counter it.    As Frank Taylor said, I am also pleased to join my colleagues and close partners from Homeland Security and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. We work closely and cooperatively every day as a part of a true community of counterterrorism professionals, and I am really grateful for that partnership that we share.    This morning, I will briefly describe the threat we face from foreign fighters, highlight the role that extremist use of social media has played in that process, and conclude with efforts NCTC and our partners across the Federal Government are taking to counter that threat. I will begin with the foreign fighter picture.    As you know, one of the most pressing concerns for the intelligence community is the on-going flow of foreign fighters to Syria, and importantly, the threat they could pose upon return to their home country of home origin. The battlefields in Iraq and Syria clearly provide foreign fighters with combat experience, with training in weapons and explosives, and with access to terror networks that may be ultimately planning targets--attacks which target the West.    The rate of foreign fighter travel that we have seen in recent years is unprecedented. It exceeds the rate of travel and travelers who went to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Yemen, or Somalia, other prominent conflict zones, but it exceeds the rate of travel to those conflict zones that we have seen at any point in the last 20 years.    The United States and our allies are increasingly concerned with the more than 20,000 foreign fighters we assess have traveled to Syria from over 90 different countries of origin. We assess that at least 3,400 of these fighters are from Western countries, and that number includes also over 150 U.S. persons who have either traveled to the conflict zone, or attempted to do so. That is something we can speak about in more detail later in the session.    I want to be cautious here about that because it is very difficult to be precise with these numbers, because they come from a wide variety of sources that vary in quality. I would rather focus on the trend lines, which are clear, and which are concerning.    In addition to the foreign fighters who have already traveled, it is clear that the number of those seeking to go to Iraq and Syria is going up. Furthermore, the majority of those who are getting there, getting to the conflict zone right now, are fighting, or looking to fight for ISIL on the battlefield in Syria and Iraq.    It is also a complicating factor that the individuals drawn to fight in foreign conflict zones do not fit any one stereotype or profile. They come from various backgrounds, which highlights the need for comprehensive messaging strategies and early engagement with a variety of communities in order to dissuade vulnerable individuals from trying to travel to conflict zones. The volume and diversity of recruits flowing to and from the conflict makes disruption particularly challenging.    There is no single pipeline for foreign fighter travel into and out of Syria. Violent extremists take different routes, including land, air, and sea. Most routes do involve transit through Turkey because of its geographic proximity to the Syrian border areas where most of these groups operate.    Now this sense of shared threat has prompted even closer cooperation across U.S. Federal agencies, and importantly, with our international partners, particularly in Europe. This is resulting in the development of stricter counterterrorism laws overseas, increased efforts at border security among our European partners, and importantly, more willingness to share threat information among partner nations.    While these good efforts are under way and are making progress, significant work remains, particularly in ensuring that our foreign partners are able and willing to identify and stop foreign fighters when they transit their borders, both to prevent those fighters from entering, and then to stop fighters from leaving their home countries to travel abroad.    Now, I will turn quickly to the use of social media by extremists, and especially by ISIL, and the way in which this group uses social media to attract a diverse set of aspiring foreign fighters.    Now, the Chairman and the Ranking Member both mentioned in their opening remarks the brutal behavior that we have seen of ISIL in recent weeks. The world witnessed the brutal burning of a Jordanian pilot held hostage by the group, and we have seen the cruel beheadings of U.S. and Japanese hostages.    ISIL's media capabilities are robust and effective. Moreover, their ability to generate timely propaganda continues to grow. I would argue that ISIL has proven far more adept than core al-Qaeda ever was, or more adept than any of--core--of al-Qaeda's affiliate groups, more adept at using these new social media tools to reach a broader audience.    Just since January 1 of this year, more than 250 official ISIL products have been published on-line, and the group has shown the capacity to use these products to speak to a full spectrum of potential audiences. Local Sunni Arab populations inside Iraq and Syria, who they are trying to co-opt and exercise dominion over, individuals in coalition countries, and even populations around the world, including English-speaking audiences here and across the globe.    As you would expect, ISIL uses the most popular of social media platforms to disseminate this messaging. YouTube, Facebook, Twitter. They know how to ensure that once their media releases are posted, that they reach far and wide almost instantaneously with reposting, and regeneration of follow-on links and translations into an ever-growing number of additional languages.    Now, in terms of content, we have all seen that it includes these horrible, horrific images in which hostages have been murdered or ISIL's adversaries on the battlefield have been executed in summary fashion. But we have also seen social media images of a bucolic family-friendly welcoming light under ISIL's rule in their self-declared caliphate as ISIL tries to paint a picture to entice disenfranchised individuals seeking ideological, religious, or personal fulfillment, and not just a battlefield or a martyrdom experience.    ISIL also generates releases that cater to a younger population very familiar with popular culture. These releases often reference Western branding, including popular video games, in an attempt to appeal to thrill seekers and youth looking for fulfillment.    Now, the threat we face is not just from foreign fighters or terrorist groups including ISIL and al-Qaeda. Individuals inspired by these and other groups, or simply by violent, extremist propaganda can be motivated to action, and, as Frank said, that can come with little or no warning.    Many of these so-called home-grown violent extremists are lone actors who can potentially operate undetected and who can plan and execute a simple attack without providing us warning. As a community, we closely monitor violent extremist activity, including when that activity appears and occurs in the United States, and we are looking for signs that last year's attacks in Canada and elsewhere may embolden other HBEs to conduct additional attacks.    We believe ISIL's rhetoric may have played a role in these attacks, particularly in target selection in terms of targeting Government officials or military personnel. We are working with our partners across multiple disciplines in the community to increase our knowledge of foreign fighters and to counter extremism.    NCTC has taken a broad center-wide effort to track foreign fighters traveling to Syria. We work in the first instance to resolve the specific identities of these potential fighters to uncover any potential derogatory information that we have in intelligence community holdings.    We are also working closely with foreign partners to combat threats emanating from Syria. We are looking hard to develop investigative leads for our partner agencies to pursue, including identifying foreign fighters entering Syria, who may have potential access or connections to individuals in the homeland so that they can be watch-listed.    The growing number of individuals going abroad as foreign fighters only emphasizes the importance of prevention. Any hope of enduring security or defeating organizations like ISIL rests in our ability to diminish their appeal and to dissuade individuals from joining them in the first place. To this end, we continue to refine and expand the preventive side of terrorism and counterterrorism.    We have seen a steady proliferation of more pro-active and more engaged community awareness efforts across the United States with the goal of giving communities information and tools they need to identify extremism in their midst, and to do something about it before it manifests in violence.    My organization, NCTC, in direct and daily collaboration with DHS, the Justice Department, and FBI, has led the creation of CVE tools to build community resilience across the country. In working closely with these partners, we are doing this work all across the country, and I would like to point to just one quick example.    You will recall the case last year in which three young teenage girls allegedly attempted to travel from Denver to Syria by way of Frankfurt, Germany, where their travel was disrupted by law enforcement. Now, in the aftermath of that incident, we, working together with DHS--DHS, FBI, and the Department of Justice--sent our officers on multiple occasions to meet and talk to the greater Denver community to raise awareness among community and law enforcement partners about the terrorist recruitment threat.    We developed a briefing, working with our partners, that is now tailored to address the specific effort to identify and recruit foreign fighters for Syria and Iraq. We have received a very strong demand signal for more such outreach from communities like Denver, and we continue to try to expand our toolkit of CVE-related tools.    With our DHS colleagues, we have created and we regularly deliver a community resilience exercise program, a table-top exercise that brings together law enforcement with community leaders to run through a hypothetical scenario and talk about response.    We realize we can't institutionalize a prevention approach without scaling up these efforts, and that goes to something you said in your opening statement, Chairman McCaul. So we are working as a community to try to create more programs to train individuals on CVE tools to ensure that communities across the country are able to lead CVE approaches locally in their own communities. This approach syncs up nicely with the efforts of the White House, NCTC, DHS, DOJ, and FBI to facilitate the local development and implementation of intervention frameworks in cities all across the country.    I will stop there, Mr. Chairman----    Mr. Rasmussen . Mr. Ranking Member. Thank you.    Mr. Rasmussen. I will start, but I will ask Mike Steinbach to pitch in on the bureau's efforts here.    In talking about the numbers, Mr. Chairman, you are right to raise questions about our overall level of confidence in numbers. As I tried to say in my remarks, we know what we know, but that comes from a wide variety of sources, and we have always assessed that there is likely more information out there that we have not yet been able to collect either from our foreign partners or from other intelligence means, and that it is possible that there are greater numbers of foreign fighters, and potentially even greater numbers of individuals from Western countries and the United States who have traveled to the conflict zones.    I will let Mike speak to the question of what we can say about individuals who have traveled to the conflict zone and come back, but it is obviously the highest-possible priority for the intelligence community to track their movements.    Mr. Rasmussen. I mean, it is clearly a population of concern and, as Under Secretary Taylor said, what we want to be able to do is apply the full weight of U.S. intelligence community holdings to the vetting and screening process so that we can unearth any information that we may have in our holdings that gives us concern about particular individuals.    Thank you. The Chairman recognizes the Ranking Member.    Mr. Rasmussen. Yes--National Counterterrorism Center as a information center provides the information that allows the screening agencies to decide--make the decisions on entry or exit.    Mr. Rasmussen. I will start, and certainly welcome help from my partners up here.    In terms of the counter-ISIL strategy that the President has laid out for our effort to degrade and ultimately defeat ISIL, State Department has the lead for working with our international partners and the overseas environment to counter violent extremism, and to create a counter-narrative and a counter-messaging effort. I would certainly defer to them to kind-of describe the whole range of activities which have included a number of overseas summit meetings and other gatherings designed to coordinate, particularly inside the region, inside the Middle East to make sure that our partners in the coalition are doing their part to counter the narrative.    Here at home, we have, as I described in my testimony, I think a very effective partnership among the four agencies and departments with responsibility for countering violent extremism. DHS, the FBI, the Department of Justice, and NCTC. As I said, we work together almost seamlessly on a range of difference CVE initiatives, leveraging the capabilities that each of our departments have.    I say that because it is the law enforcement community that has the reach into local law enforcement. So FBI has that advantage. Homeland Security has the reach into a network of community organizations and other Homeland Security-oriented populations in our major metropolitan areas that gives them reach into. NCTC tries to provide analytic support and, you know, content generation to help us with this effort at outreach in the domestic environment.    So, it really is--I rarely would say this--we are seamless as we could, I think, almost possibly be in terms of our work together. The question is, as I mentioned to the Chairman earlier, is scale. Are we doing enough of it? Do we have enough reach into all of the parts of the country where this is a potential problem? I would not argue to you that we are there yet on that score.    Mr. Rasmussen. The President's CVE summit will give us a chance to kind-of give that an important boost.    Mr. Rasmussen. Sir, you raise a very good point about the challenge of collecting intelligence in Syria right now. Without going into too much detail in an open session, it is a tremendously challenging collection environment for all of our intelligence agencies because we are not present on the ground there in a traditional way. We don't have the footprint on the ground that we would have in many places around the world with a diplomatic, military, and intelligence presence.    So, we are forced to be more creative, more innovative, more entrepreneurial in trying to close that gap.    We can talk about that more in closed session, but it--all of the intelligence agencies have prioritized this at the absolute top of our priority list in terms of devoting resources, energy, and effort to do so. I would not argue, though, that we have closed the gap on where we need to be in terms of our understanding with granularity what is going on on the ground in Syria.    In many cases, the information we have about foreign fighters traveling into the conflict zone stops when they get there, and we don't have as much insight, or nearly enough insight, into what actually happens when they are on the ground in Syria. That is a gap we are trying to close.    Mr. Rasmussen. In talking about sharing of information, particularly from our European partners, I think it is maybe useful to think of it happening in two different ways. One is kind-of structured, routinized sharing of travel information of the sort that Under Secretary Taylor mentioned before. We certainly want that kind of sharing from our European partners because it would help us with the screening that we are talking about.    But the other kind of sharing that I think is worth mentioning, and where we have seen, I would say, a fairly dramatic improvement with our European partners over the last couple of years, is intelligence service to intelligence service sharing on individuals of specific terrorism concern.    We have been on a bit of an evangelical effort over the past few years to try to engage our European partners on this, and I would argue that a couple of years ago, we were in the position of explaining, Gee, this is a terrible threat, we need to work together on it.    We are well past that now. Any European capital you go to or any European partner you engage with jumps into that conversation right away and is quite open in sharing what they know, including often about their own citizens. What that allows us to do is potentially populate our TIDE, our Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, with information about specific individuals that can aid our screening process.    So I don't want to paint an entirely dire picture of our European partners' work in this area because I would argue that in intelligence channels, it has been almost unprecedentedly a good news story. Much room for improvement, and Europe is not a monolith, and so certainly, across the continent, there are areas where we could get better, more cooperative sharing arrangements.    But I did want to distinguish between the two types of sharing because there is a kind of bulk data-sharing discussion that is sometimes more difficult for our European partners. Then there is more granular, specific sharing about known individuals on whom we have intelligence reporting where I think they are often quite responsive.    Mr. Rasmussen. I would just add one thing, though, to your point, Mr. Langevin, on engaging European legislatures or parliaments. I mean, I think anything we can collectively do to send the message that if information is shared with us, we use it for the purposes that we have asked for it, and we handle it responsibly and in accordance with the terms on which it was given to us. If that can provide reassurance to European partners and increase the flow of information, then all to the good.    Mr. Rasmussen. Yes, sir. They certainly pose a significant terrorist threat.    Mr. Rasmussen. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rasmussen. You are right to point to an overlay or an overhang from the period of disclosures that included the Snowden disclosures. But I would argue that since that period, we have seen an increased sense of shared threat among our European partners precisely because of the attacks like the Brussels attack and certainly what we saw in Paris and in Belgium again recently. So that, I would argue, there is a bit of a pendulum swing to this process that is for the moment trending in a direction of more sharing and willingness to share information.    But again, I would argue with intelligence channels, that is not an immediate thing that just happened in the last 2 weeks since Paris. I think we have--that has been a pretty consistent refrain over the past couple of years. The politics of this issue are very difficult for some of our European partners, but as professional intelligence organizations working with each other, I would argue a lot goes on that we can be comfortable is useful to us.    Mr. Rasmussen. Global extremists.    Mr. Rasmussen. Sure, and the three cities that you mentioned, sir, are pilot cities in an effort to try to test and--and see if we can--what we are doing in an effort to counter violent extremism in our--in our communities here in the United States is, in fact, a workable solution, working with State and local partners, and is therefore something scalable and we can use it across a larger number of cities.    The three pilot cities are going to be featured at the upcoming CVE summit that the White House is convening in just a couple weeks. There will be an obvious opportunity there to show other communities the benefits of participating in an effort to pull all of the different tools of a community together, not just the Federal tools as Director Steinbach said. This largely has to be a locally-led initiative, but enabled and with content help generated by the Government.    Mr. Rasmussen. Well, I think you are absolutely right, sir, that success in the counter-ISIL campaign or any effort we are engaged in to try to stem the flow of foreign fighters into and out of the conflict zone requires a functioning, effective partnership with the Turks across the whole range of issues--intelligence, law enforcement, diplomacy, all of that.    It is also true, though, that Turkey will always look at its interests through the prism of their own sense of self-interest, and how they prioritize particular requests that we make for cooperation doesn't always align with our prioritization. That is just a simple fact.    We have a complicated on-going discussion with the Turks, all of the Turkish government elements, about the specific ways in which Turkey can contribute to the coalition. I wish my State Department partners were here today to kind-of talk you through all of the different ways in which they are doing that, but it is a--truly a mixed story. There are areas where we receive profoundly effective cooperation from our Turkish partners and it is tremendously useful, and yet from our perspective, we think there is more to the relationship that we could get more that we need from the relationship to effectively address our concerns.    Mr. Rasmussen. I will start, but I will certainly ask Mike to take this on, too, because the bureau is having quite a bit of direct engagement with these providers.    Partnership with these technology companies on whose platforms this propaganda is riding is a central part of any strategy to counter what is going on. The President's CVE summit will have a private-sector component to it for precisely that reason, to make these companies partners with us.    This partnership has a number of elements. It is in part exposing them to the information about what is happening on platforms that they control so they understand it. If they can understand when terms of service violations are taking place that they should intervene and take steps to block certain content.    But it is also to--again, to deepen a partnership and make sure that they understand that we need to be partners with them in going at this more systemically, not simply in response to a single video or a single YouTube posting or something, but actually to think about what kind of relationship between the Federal Government, law enforcement, and these companies makes sense if we are going to tackle this phenomenon that is creating a serious homeland security vulnerability.    Mr. Rasmussen. I will start, but any one of us can add pieces to this, ma'am.    You are absolutely right that the focus of--one of the focuses of our effort at the Federal level is to try to empower local communities to develop their own engagement or intervention strategies, because that is what it takes. There is not going to be a Federally-led intervention in a particular family, or community, or social setting that is going to be the tipper that turns someone off from radicalization. It is that local community, the families, schools, churches, mosques, they are the ones who recognize behavioral changes at a point when behavior can be still addressed and potentially not end up at the worst-case scenario of a person actually having traveled overseas.    So the precisely the kind of information you are asking for is what we are trying to share in a series of community awareness briefings that give people, parents, schools, teachers the tools to say hey, this is what is happening, and now I have to do something about it.    Now the ``do something about it'' part is still very much has to be a community decision or a local decision. But the other frustrating piece, and it gets to the last part of your question, is that there isn't a single place you can say, ah, we need to be worried about it here but not here.    Unlike some of our other previous foreign fighter flow episodes, like during the period when a large number of Americans were going to Somalia to participate in the fighting in east Africa, there you had a relatively defined set of communities where we had great concern because of the Somali-American population and their particular vulnerability to recruitment there.    Here, and I am sure Mike would echo this, we do not have a profile or a pattern that says, ah, in these communities yes, but in these communities we are okay. So what we are having to do is, we talked about it with Chairman earlier, is just scale up these efforts because the ISIL, the Iraq grounded propaganda is having a reach far beyond ethnicity. It is not Iraqi Americans or Syrian Americans, it is--it isn't--it can't be narrowed in that way, and that is a challenge and it is frustrating to us.    Mr. Rasmussen. Thank you. As I talked about in my testimony, the thing that is an order of magnitude different about the foreign fighter phenomenon in this current conflict is the scale. But you are absolutely right. This is not a phenomenon that was invented yesterday. Individuals interested in flowing to conflict zones to participate in conflict there is something we have been watching through a series of conflicts in the Middle East and North Africa.    The kind of unifying theme in these areas is lack of governance, and so we are left, in a sense, sitting on the outside, trying to intervene using all of the tools available, but no one tool itself being adequate to the task of reaching into North Africa, whether that is a Mali or a Libya or a Somalia, and reaching in and being able to affect the dynamic that those foreign fighters are moving into, is a challenge that we do not have our arms completely around yet.    We are particularly challenged in some of these areas because of an intelligence deficit, where our ability to collect intelligence that gives us a really, really good picture of who the individuals of greatest concern are. As you know, that is where we try to spend most of our effort, is trying to determine who those individuals are that actually are engaged in plotting against our interests because there is obviously a huge population of individuals who are there to participate in localized,conflict so we can't devote all of our resources to understanding that picture.    I guess the last thing I would say is that particularly concerning about the ISIL phenomenon is that ISIL has now decided it needs to move beyond Syria and Iraq. So you have extremist organizations in North Africa, Algeria, in Egypt, in Libya, who now have raised the flag of ISIL and claimed affiliate status.    Again, that creates a sense of momentum and competition among extremist jihadist groups that ultimately adds to our threat concerns, doesn't subtract. Even though you like to see your enemies fighting amongst each other, but actually, it is creating competition against each--amongst each other as they try to one-up each other in efforts to go after us.