    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much.    Mr. Commissioner, the IRS, which is the world's largest financial accounting institution gathers very sensitive and personal data on millions of taxpayers every year. In the past, the security of taxpayer information has been one of the top three management challenges facing the IRS and this has likely worsened with the current funding levels, as you have not been able to fully modernize your IT infrastructure.    Considering the recent high-profile computer security incidents, such as the Sony hack and the Anthem Health Insurance hack last month, I am concerned about any deficiencies that may make the IRS systems vulnerable to unauthorized access or attack on a broad scale, particularly now that the ACA implementation is underway and the State and Federal exchanges are sharing increasingly more personal taxpayer information with the IRS.    What are your priorities for improving the information security measures that the IRS has in place to protect against these kinds of cyber attacks?    Mr. Bishop. Are you sufficiently satisfied that the infrastructure is strong enough to withstand an attack?    Mr. Bishop. We have got dinosaurs, in other words?    Mr. Bishop. So that makes us sleep a little less at night, too----    Mr. Bishop. I mean literally----    Mr. Bishop. Let me change gears----    Mr. Bishop . Just a moment. My time is about to run out.    Most taxpayers and even many tax professionals would agree that the Tax Code is complex and confusing enough in English. While the Taxpayer Advocate Service provides services to individuals who speak English as a second language, what programs or mechanisms do you have in place to assist taxpayers who speak English as a second language and how effective are those programs? What measures do you have in place to protect taxpayers with limited English proficiency from becoming victims of identity theft, tax scams, and impersonation?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome, Secretary Lew.    Mr. Secretary, to the surprise of many in my home State of Georgia, the State is the center of gravity for the entire payments industry across the globe. In 2014, there were over $4.4 trillion in credit card, prepaid card, and gift card transactions. Back in 2012, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau released an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking, primarily focused on general reloadable prepaid cards, GPRs.    On November 15, 2014, CFPB released a far-reaching 870-page notice of proposed rulemaking seeking to regulate the prepaid card products. Neither the prepaid card industry, nor consumers, had any indication or forewarning that CFPB's proposed rule would be so long and overwhelming.    The CFPB's NPR significantly expanded its rulemaking beyond GPR cards by applying new regulations to other types of prepaid cards that are currently regulated, such as student cards, government benefit cards, and payroll cards.    After the notice of the proposed rule was released, the prepaid industry and Members of Congress asked CFPB to extend the 90-day comment period for an additional 60 days. Our request was denied. In addition to the first congressional request, the Georgia congressional delegation put forth its own request, and we are still waiting for a reply.    As you may know, Federal and State governments comprise the largest groups that use prepaid products because prepaid cards are a cost-efficient payment option compared to paper checks. According to Treasury, it costs $1.03 to issue a paper check and only 10-\1/2\ cents to issue an electronic payment.    As a form of electronic payment, prepaid cards help governments at all levels disburse benefits, child support, WIC, SNAP, et cetera, in a very cost-efficient manner. Do you know or can you tell us whether CFPB conducted a cost-benefit analysis detailing the potential cost of the proposal and the cost that it would have on Federal and State governments who use prepaid cards to disburse benefits? Do you know what the cost would be to the Federal Government if we had to return to using paper checks to distribute and disburse Federal benefits?    Mr. Bishop. Wouldn't the cost of compliance with an 870-page rule be significant to the parties, the States, and local governments, and any other parties that utilize the prepaid cards?    Mr. Bishop. Do you know if they did a cost-benefit analysis?    Mr. Bishop. The answer is, no, you don't know? You don't know?    Mr. Bishop. I would appreciate that very much.    Mr. Bishop. I wasn't suggesting that it was designed to be a bar to the use of prepaid cards. What I was suggesting was that the burdensome rules and rulemaking could discourage their use and could make it much more difficult. Of course, if States that have found it very efficient continue to use prepaid cards, it may increase their cost in doing it from the 10-\1/2\ cents to whatever the regulatory compliance cost would be to comply with such rules. That was my concern.    Georgia is number two for identity theft cases and preparer fraud. Forty-four percent of the cases in 2014 in Georgia were ID theft-related cases, and IRS has not passed any guidance regarding preparer fraud cases. Victims face financial and economic hardship as a result of the preparer absconding with refunds and leaving the taxpayer with an IRS balance due, in addition to not ever receiving the refund that the IRS rightfully owes them.    For example, there was a Georgia taxpayer in the process of purchasing a home when a preparer diverted her refund to the preparer. The taxpayer lost the home, she lost the downpayment placed on the home, and she lost her car. The taxpayer stated the preparer is getting ready to open a new tax preparation business, giving plenty of opportunities to steal refunds from additional unsuspecting victims.    As the IRS reduces tax preparation services, as your budget indicates, taxpayers are forced to seek preparation services for a fee, leaving them at risk of obtaining services from unscrupulous tax preparers. What recommendations do you have for a resolution for this problem? Is it solely an issue of increasing the budget of IRS or are there additional reforms that would be needed?    Mr. Bishop. Is it contained in the President's budget?    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much.