    Mr. Asmussen. Dear Mr. Chairman, dear Members of Congress. It is a great honor for me to testify before the United States Congress, although it is on a sad occasion.    You probably think of Denmark as a small and peaceful country. And it is basically also the way we think ourselves. We are people of 5.5 million, 5,000 Jews.    Only 2 years ago, October 2013, the Danish society celebrated the 70 years commemoration of the saving of the Danish Jewry from the Nazi onslaught. It was an amazing achievement of the Danish society to stand up, come together and to save its Jewish minority. The Danish population believed that its Jewish neighbors and friends were an integral of the Danish society, making Denmark a country that could rightfully be defined as righteous among the nations.    On February 15th this year, the Danish society once again came together. This time in order to mourn the loss of Dan Uzan, a 37-year-old Jewish man, who was murdered while protecting the guests at a Bat Mitzah party in the Jewish Community Center. Thousands of Danes came together in order to speak out against terror.    While the community was in shock and despair, Danes showed again how much they care for their Jewish citizens. In the days following the attack, thousands of people showed their respect. They laid flowers in front of Copenhagen's synagogue.    So on February 15, the Jewish community and the whole Danish society was brutally awoken to a new reality. We had warned the authorities for years that such an attack like that could happen on Danish soil. We had urged them to take warning signs seriously, while we, the Jewish community in parallel, took it upon ourselves to safeguard our community.    The terror attack against the Jewish community in Denmark did not occur in a vacuum. It did not happen in Copenhagen just by chance. It was, unfortunately, the culmination of years of growing anti-Semitism. It happened in a country where it has become widely acceptable to criticize and question both Israel and Jews with a carelessness that we did not expect or imagine just a few years ago.    During the Gaza conflict last summer, a few hundred people were evacuated by police because police could not guarantee their safety due to aggression from Hamas supporters during a demonstration calling for peace, calling for a two-state solution.    A few days earlier, almost 4,000 people signed a petition urging Danish media not to use journalists with Jewish heritage for coverage of Middle East conflict. Yet, it was not before the Jewish school in Copenhagen was vandalized with graffiti that politicians decided to react and speak out against these incidents.    It is, however, important to understand that the Danish society itself has never been anti-Semitic and that many of the threats facing Danish Jewry, like in the rest of Europe, come from marginalized and radicalized Muslims, and these form, I believe, a small minority of all Muslims in Denmark.    The terrorist who committed the two murders was born and raised in Denmark and used his religion to justify the crime. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem that he is alone with this view. That was demonstrated when more than 700 people participated in his funeral cheering at him.    At this point, four people are jailed, accused of helping him.    On the other end of the spectrum, we have witnessed how Muslim organizations spoke out against hatred and prejudice against a fellow citizen. We truly appreciate that expression of support and we welcome any such initiatives. It is important for me to emphasize that we have good relations with moderate Muslim organizations. We work together on issues of common religious rights.    However, we still need for the Muslim community to do more, to become more outspoken against violence and hatred, to confront hate and prejudices toward Jews.    Danish society can only do so much. The real long-term solution needs to be found inside the Muslim community, and we need them to take more responsibility in speaking out against anti-Semitism and against terror committed in the name of their religion.    In recent weeks, the Jewish community received strong support from the Danish politicians through the media. We believe it served as a wake-up call and we expect that our problems will now be taken more seriously than in the past.    Last week, Ira Forman visited Copenhagen. Ira Forman is a Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism. He made it clear to us that the Danish Government in his opinion is not doing enough compared with the European countries to combat anti-Semitism. And he said that it could never be justified that the Jewish community, or any other minority group for that matter, should have to prioritize security over education or ultimately prioritize security over the future of the community.    Mr. Forman is right. If we spend all our resources on security, our children won't have a future. Yet, if we fail to protect our children, Danish Jewry won't have a future either. The parents simply won't send them to the Jewish school.    We need at this point a long-term governmental plan that will keep our community safe as much as possible. The Justice Department has said that such a plan is in the making. And we need the Muslim community to speak out and help in building a democratic, tolerant, and peaceful society. This is the only viable and long-term solution, so we one day will not need to risk the lives of our children in order for them to protect the community as Dan Uzan did.    I feel truly grateful toward the Danish society for standing up for the Jewish minority in these difficult times. I just wish they had done so when we asked for help after the incidents in Toulouse and Brussels.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Asmussen. I believe, Congressman, Mr. Clawson asked me a question. I understand fully your skepticism toward getting the collective Muslim community in order to confront hate and prejudice. I understand it because what we see in Denmark and I talked to many Jewish leaders and it is the same all over. The Muslim community tends to be very fractured. You will never tend to find a body as we do within the Jewish community.    And I believe if we find racism and hate in Jewish community, we will confront it. The problem is it doesn't happen that often, but I see some changes. I mean sometimes you have to also look at the positive notes. And there are a few positive notes, mostly organizations, coming up with ideas like peace rings about synagogues. There are not many Muslims participating in these initiatives and I would not like to exaggerate. But there is a change.    So when you ask what is done now, there is a lot of things in Denmark being done by the government. After Paris, there was a huge catalogue of anti-terror legislation being rolled out. It seems like the murderer, he was known to the system. I mean he was--many people had reported him to the police intelligence again and again. He was released from jail 3 weeks before he killed. He went to authorities to get help getting a flat. No one did anything.    So there are a lot of things the community can do. You can do many things to spot radical behavior earlier. But also you can also do a lot and we are working on that in Denmark right now in order to spot and help people. But on the long term, nothing will change unless the mentality changes. If it is legitimate for religious leaders to teach hatred toward Jews, nothing will change. And we have cases in Denmark that imams have been doing exactly that and it takes a lot of time for the system to come down on them. So they keep on doing these things.    We are having organizations speaking intensely on hatred toward Jews, but it is very hard to outlaw them, according to Danish legislation. We are looking into it, but in my opinion in the long-term, the solution has to come from within.    Ambassador Lauder. Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee, we are talking about Europe. Anti-Semitism is alive and well in this country. Starting off, it is taught. Children are born without hate. They are taught hate. It is most prevalent in universities, campuses. We have an organization called Caravan for Democracy which the Jewish National Fund does. We go on campuses all over. The amount of anti-Israel which morphs into anti-Jewish is happening all over. It is happening because there is an organized group putting money into these things to put pressure on Israel, but it goes into anti-Jewish also.    The media is guilty, very guilty. I watched CNN during the Gaza War. Ninety-five percent of it showed people in Gaza being killed. There was almost no coverage of the 4,000 rockets going to Israel. We watch it and it has an effect. And anti-Semitism is also learned at the dinner table. When a mother and father are sitting there and they watch television and they watch what happens and they see reporting that is so biased and they say to each other, look at those Jews what they are doing to people, look how they are killing people. Their children hear it and they repeat it. And what happened is that there was no understanding in media about what can be done.    We watch, we monitor what is happening on the Internet. It is disgusting what we see. And the amount of things that go on, and yet, there is no regulation against it. Anti-Semitism is going to morph into anti-Christian and anti-Muslim at times. We are at the beginning of something that is very, very dangerous, not only for Jews in Europe, but Jews throughout the world as well as Christians and for that matter, Muslims. We ask ourselves why aren't there more Muslim moderates? Because they are scared to death. If I was a Muslim and I was a moderate, I would be worried for my life because there is a feeling, it is not just we will vote and see who is right. There is a whole radical thing and it is taking over the country. It is taking over what is happening. And in many ways, what is happening in Europe is the canary in the mine. And the fact is that what is happening there will be happening here very shortly unless we react. And I commend the subcommittee for taking this up, but look at it not for Europe, not for Denmark, not for France, look at it for the world and look at it what is happening on our college campuses. There is something there.    We also see that in mosques the amount of hatred against Jews, but also against America there. We have monitored mosques and we see what is going on. A mosque is a place that should be for love and understanding. Too often, they are places of radicalism. We hear this. We know this. We have seen it. But the fact is there are no laws against it. There are no laws against what you can say and that is the danger. There is no law that what you can say on the Internet or media and we see it. We are just a small segment here.    You have 40 countries here. Each one country can sit here and testify what is happening here. We speak among ourselves and frankly, we feel powerless. I think if I asked every person what is the one place we look towards? We look toward the United States. We look toward the United States for the help and understanding because it is the one country that stands up for religious rights in a very strong way. We need the Congress. We need your help. We need people, not only this subcommittee, but a whole looking at what laws--you mentioned about Ira Forman, what went on. Here is one person that you tried to get in, you had people fighting it.    There is a feeling also that people don't want to see this. They want to stay away from it. We had a situation in California recently where a girl wanted to join an organization and because she was Jewish, was part of a Jewish organization, she was denied it. There should have been a huge outcry and there wasn't.    And again, Roger Cukierman is fighting a battle. He is fighting a battle. The French Government is there, but there is very little he can do. If you have 6 million Muslims, even if 1 percent of them, and using math without a computer, it is still 60,000 people who could be radical. What do you do about that? There are no laws about it.    Canada has just started to look at different laws that can be done. We must have type of things here in this country. It must be a chance for everybody to turn around and say this is the model. These are what should be done. And we are allowing it to happen.    Mr. Asmussen. I agree when you say there is somehow a presence of under reporting. Danish Jews basically stopped wearing yarmulkes many years ago. They don't dare. If they did, there are areas of Copenhagen as Mr. Lauder said, you will not be able to go without getting beaten up. So that is for sure there is under reporting.    In Denmark, we see primarily left wingers demonizing Israel. This tends to legitimize this hate toward Israel, toward Jews that is widespread within the Muslim minority.    Mr. Asmussen. When it comes to protecting Jewish minorities, I believe that the U.S. Government can also put political pressure on countries that are not taking these threats seriously. There are countries that take these threats very seriously and protects the Jewish minorities. There are countries that don't. And the political pressure from the outside from the United States, I believe, is very crucial.    There is some pressure by the World Jewish Congress, you mentioned Rabbi Andrew Baker, OSCE, and Ira Forman, but the U.S. Government can step up this political pressure.    Mr. Asmussen. Basically after the attacks in Toulouse and Brussels, Brussels was last summer, we contacted the Danish Ministry of Justice in order for them to improve security around Jewish institutions. Nothing happened. There is security. There are roundings in police cars and we have as in France, our voluntary security guards within the community. But we asked for armed police in front of the synagogue during services, in front of the Jewish school when the kids are there. We didn't get it. We didn't get it because it was not on the menu in Denmark. Denmark is a small, peaceful country. You don't have policemen on the street wearing guns. Now we do.    As in France, it takes people getting killed before they get the message. But what we see now, I believe in France and in Denmark might not be the long-term solution and basically it is too much right now. I have a school of 200 pupils with eight policemen with machine guns. It is too much. But I need a long-term solution on that issue with the government. I don't have it at this point.    So now I say what can I do? I tell you what the government can do. But we are trying to put pressure on the government. And in the long run, of course, we can participate in education, learning about Judaism, of course. We can intensify our activities within the interfaith, with Christians, Muslim, interfaith activities as we do. But somehow it seems that all those interfaith activities seems to be together with the people with the politically correct minds, not the people doing all the anti-Semitic activities.