    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First of all, I was a practicing physician for 15 years, as I had mentioned to our witnesses beforehand. I have taken care of all patients, regardless of their ability to pay, which is what we do in health care. But I just want to highlight that all is not rosy with Medicaid. And I know this hearing is about waste, and fraud, and abuse, but I am from Indiana, and our medical practice routinely wrote off hundreds of thousands of dollars from a neighboring state's Medicaid program in billings every year because they ran out of money before the end of the year, and this pre-dates the ACA.    The other thing is that the program within our own state has been financially challenged historically with a significant Medicare provider cut within the last 10 years just to stay afloat. That said, Medicaid is a critical program that we have to have for our citizens. What can we do? Well, Indiana has expanded our Medicaid program using an innovate plan called Healthy Indiana Plan 2.0, and I am hopeful that this state-based plan, as well as state-based plans around the country, can be used as a proving ground how to move forward on our Medicaid program.    Some facts about the Medicaid expansion that are not surprising to me, but seem to be surprising to those who wanted to expand traditional Medicaid, is that ER visits are up, in some cases dramatically up, in multiple studies across the country. And the hospitals are very happy, but we have made no progress because this is the highest cost form of medical care available in the country. And so, having a card in your pocket, but having no access to primary care physicians or others outside of the emergency room is not progress. And the encouragement to seek preventative care, as was mentioned earlier, may be technically true, but functionally not accurate because you can't get preventative care if no one takes your coverage.    States that have expanded Medicaid are already starting to look for ways to pay for the program once the Federal money for the expansion goes down to 90 percent, and my concern is reimbursement cuts will be the way that will happen. And what does that do? Further limits access to the citizens in their states. And if anyone doesn't think that sometime in the future that the Federal Government will look for a way to pay for other things by further cutting that expansion money to the states on their Medicaid program, then you are not following the government very well.    That said, I do have a couple of questions. And, again this is a very important hearing. I saw that we limited the study, Mr. Bagdoyan, to the four states. Why did we pick these states, and did the GAO try to include other states in your study?    Mr. Bucshon. And that segues into Dr. Agrawal. The data we were just talking about, not accurate from states, how do you envision the progress we are making in information sharing on Medicaid between the states and the Federal Government? How can we improve on that situation so if, in the future, we want to study this situation, we can pick any one of the 50 states? How are we doing?    Mr. Bucshon. Is proprietariness among different systems a problem? What are the barriers to, it seems like it would be simple, right, but there are barriers.    Mr. Bucshon. But some of it is not just about money, right, where the systems don't want to communicate because of proprietary control over data?    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.