    Mr. Dow. Thank you. That is very nice of you. Thank you.    The travel industry's top priority is ensuring that travelers are safe and secure. Without security, there is no travel. If travelers don't feel safe, they will stay home. The economic benefits of travel are well-documented. Since submitting my written testimony, I have now received the numbers for 2014. Direct travel spending in the United States was $927 billion. That generated $2.1 trillion in economic output and more than $141 million in tax revenue. Travel directly employed 8 million Americans is and a top-10 employer in 49 States and the District of Columbia.    In-bound long-haul or overseas international travel is an extremely lucrative segment for the United States. The Visa Waiver Program is the largest source of overseas visitors--20.3 million, or 60 percent, of all overseas visitors arrived through the Visa Waiver Program in 2014. Last year, they generated $190 billion in economic output and supported nearly 1 million good American jobs.    Expansion of the Visa Waiver Program has yielded substantial economic benefit. Following the recent admissions of Taiwan and Chile, travel from there rose sharply. This is no surprise, given the staggering increase of visitors from South Korea since its inclusion in 2008. In 2014, a record number of South Korean visitors, 1.5 million, visited the United States, which is a 91 percent increase since they entered the program. They spend $5.1 billion, which is 64 percent higher than 2008, and supported 43,000 good American jobs. Travel is the largest export now from South Korea, constituting 11 percent of the total exports to that country.    When countries enter the Visa Waiver Program, they add billions of dollars to the economy and tens of thousands of good American jobs. Speaking of jobs, the travel industry was hit hard by the economic downturn. But we are a very resilient industry. We helped lead the recovery by expanding employment 36 percent faster than the rest of the economy. Largely as a result of the Visa Waiver Program, travel is our Nation's No. 1 services export, generating $76 billion in 2014.    While these economic figures are very positive, they only tell half the story. International travel is equally critical to our National security. Through travel, we foster closer relationships with visitors that protect us over the long term. Simply said, the more they know us, the more they like us. Beyond public diplomacy, the protocols demanded by the--mandated by the Visa Waiver Program has significantly enhanced our National security, particularly since Congress amended the program in 2007.    Visa Waiver partner nations, while they are strong allies, must still meet rigorous counterterrorism, border security, aviation security, and document security standards, as well as participate, as has just been said, in intelligence and information-sharing arrangements with the United States. Visa Waiver countries must also issue ICAO-compliant electronic passports to their citizens and report all lost and stolen passports immediately to the United States through Interpol. Plus, each Visa Waiver traveler must obtain permission to board a flight to the United States through the electronic system of travel authorization.    Finally, the Visa Waiver Program provides the U.S. Government with the authority to regularly audit, just as my colleague has said. The Visa Waiver Program enables us to better detect, apprehend, and limit the movement of terrorists, criminals, and other dangerous travelers, and to shift the limited visa screening resources we have to higher-risk countries. That is why National security experts across the political spectrum, including every Secretary of Homeland Security, agree; the Visa Waiver Program is essential and an essential secure tool.    While the Visa Waiver Program helps keep us safer, we should never stop improving it. We believe that any changes should first elevate security, be based on fact not hearsay, minimize disruption of legitimate travelers. That is why U.S. Travel supports H.R. 158. It would upgrade threat assessment and explicitly define the U.S. authority to suspend or revoke Visa Waiver status.    By contrast, proposals to terminate or suspend the Visa Waiver Program would do incalculable harm to both the National and economic security. It would cause mayhem to the visa process that would have to take up all the slack and result in reciprocity against Americans who want to travel abroad. In fact, to improve security, we should expand the Visa Waiver Program, not curtail it, as representatives Joe Heck and Mike Quigley have proposed.    For U.S. Travel, nothing matters more than the safety of our Nation and our travelers. We appreciate your holding this hearing to explore how the Visa Waiver Program protects our homeland while facilitating trade and travel and how the Visa Waiver Program can perform both these twin missions even better. Thank you.    Mr. Dow. I totally agree with Dr. Bucci as far as giving the flexibility to Homeland Security to increase, as they did, to 10 percent. That is how we added 8 Visa Waiver countries that have been very safe. Countries that we would consider important are--in addition to Poland--would be Brazil, Israel, Croatia, Argentina, Bulgaria, Panama, Romana, and Uruguay. There are 9 countries that are very close to those numbers that we are looking at, and a slight change would enable us to look at them.    If you just took Brazil, Poland, and Israel and Croatia and added them, immediately, within 1 year, I guarantee you would have a million new visitors to the United States who would spend $11 billion and 61,000 jobs. So this is a great opportunity. But we have got to have the strict standards you talk about, improve the program as you said, and then look at adding Visa Waiver--to countries the Visa Waiver Program, which would actually increase our security.    Mr. Dow. We work with Mexico already and have the visa situation--visa--they have to have visas in Mexico.    Mr. Dow. Right.    Mr. Dow. I would just like the say that we--DHS has said to us that overwhelmingly the number of people leave. It is less than 1 percent overstay. Even if someone stays 92 days, then they get reported as an overstay. So those numbers.    But we would like to see DHS release these numbers. We think it is very important for Congress to know, and we think that Congress should demand that they get these numbers so we can take a hard look and really understand that is going on.    Mr. Dow. We also support strongly any improvements to this system and your bill; we are totally behind it, any way we can help.    One thing that wasn't asked is, what would happen if the Visa Waiver Program was suspended. I will give you an example. In 2002, Argentina was put out of the program, and visitation to the United States dropped 60 percent. So let's take that number and apply it to all Visa Waiver countries. That is $114 billion U.S., 600,000 jobs. Just a view--of almost $50 billion to earn 60,000 jobs.    So I think we have to understand there are two types of terrorism. There is economic terrorism, and there is physical terrorism. I think we have to guard against both. So in closing, we support what you are doing. We think it is absolutely important to continue to strengthen and improve this program.