    Mr. Graves. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentleman, thank you for being here. And it is just good to have you before us. And a lot of the questions have already been asked, and I am sort of at the end of the podium here, if you would call it that. But I did want to associate myself with Ms. Kaptur and Mr. Womack and Mr. Diaz-Balart about the importance of the Reserves and the National Guard.    And I sense that there is an expectation that when called to duty, they are to look and to perform as Active Duty and to blend and be prepared and ready to go. And with that, I would suspect that it would be wise that they are equally trained and equipped as Active as well, and I would hope you would keep that in mind, because so much is expected of them. And they are wonderful men and women who blend into our communities and are a great advocate for the Army as well when they are not in an Active role.    But just changing a second, I had the privilege a few weeks ago to spend some time at Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah area, along with Fort Stewart, and it was a great opportunity to visit with the local leaders and with the men and women there that are serving. And, quite frankly, it was very inspiring. I was really inspired there.    But one thing that stood out to me, and maybe, Mr. Secretary, you could comment on this, and you probably deal with this in a lot of different bases, but at Hunter Airfield particularly there was this hangar that has been there probably 70, 80 years, and it was originally designed for the early bombers and still looks as a relic there on this base. But within this hangar were billions of dollars worth of aircraft. Many of them were being disassembled and reassembled, as is required, refitted and such.    And it just struck me that here is a hangar that was 70, 80 years old that is not in great shape, obviously, providing some protection from the elements, but in a coastal region, protecting billions of dollars of equipment. What is the remedy for that? Is there a list in which things such as that are to be prepared or fixed in the future? And maybe you could just share that, Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Graves. You have seen it.    Mr. Graves. Right. And maybe you could share, is there a priority list of some sort that bases can look to and see?    And might I add, Mr. Chairman, when I was there, I had a great meeting, and Colonel Kline led us there, and in no way did they complain or make an issue of it. In fact, they were proud of their innovation and their creativity to work within the limited resources they had. And that was inspiring to see that. But at the same time, I felt like, wow, we as a committee have a responsibility, one, to protect the investments, but also let the men and women know that we are there and to provide an environment in which they can perform well too.    Mr. Graves. Thank you.