    Mr. Vitiello. Thank you, Chairwoman McSally, Ranking Member Vela, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before you today on behalf of the dedicated men and women of the United States Border Patrol, and discuss the role of technology in our border security operations between the ports of entry. This Saturday, the 28th, marks the Border Patrol's birthday. Since 1924, the men and women of this agency have made significant contributions to securing the homeland, from mounted watchmen riding the line in 1924; to guarding Nazi prisoners of war; in 1961, securing domestic air flights as marshals; and integrating universities in Oxford and Montgomery in 1962.    Proven to be a versatile and effective workforce, our agents have helped to capture escaped felons in New York in June of last year. On our borders, we try to innovate and use technology that enhances agent effectiveness and keeps them safe.    In 1935, we were advanced enough to install and use two-way radios in cars and stations. Today, the advanced technology deployed along our borders not only enhances the security of our Nation by providing us with increased situational awareness of illegal activity, it also significantly increases the safety of our front-line agents. While the basic Border Patrol mission is to secure the Nation's border from illegal entry of persons and goods has not changed in the past 92 years, the operational environment in which we work and the threats we face have changed significantly.    Today, our mission includes deterring acts of terrorism, detecting and intercepting human drug and weapon smuggling and trafficking, and preventing and responding to other criminal activity. The effective deployment of fixed and mobile technology is critical to the Border Patrol operations. With these resources, our front-line agents are better-informed, more effective, and safer. There is no doubt that technology is a critical factor of the Border Patrol strategic plan, which implements a security approach based on risk, and emphasizes unity of effort through integrated planning and execution with our partners.    Detection technology extends the visual range and awareness of front-line agents. Ground sensors alert agents to movements and activity, while mounted cameras and sensors on fixed--on aircraft fixed towers and Border Patrol vehicles can be controlled remotely to verify a target.    All of this technology works together, and ultimately enables the Border Patrol to gain situational awareness, direct a response team to the best interdiction location, and forewarn agents of any danger otherwise unknown along the way.    The Border Patrol continually evaluates our situational awareness posture, adjusts our capabilities as required to secure our borders. We work closely with our operational intelligence and acquisition colleagues within CBP and DHS to identify and develop technology, such as tunnel detection, and monitoring technology, small unmanned aircraft systems, tactical communication upgrades, and border surveillance tools tailored for the Southwest Border and northern borders.    In coordination with the DHS joint requirements process, the Border Patrol will continue to use the capability gap analysis process to conduct mission analysis and identify capability gaps and potential operational requirements over the short, medium, and long term.    With all our border technology, CBP works closely with agents on the ground to develop operational requirements, conduct testing and evaluation, and obtain user feedback to ensure the right tools are applied to the right capability gap.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to discuss how technology enhances the Border Patrol's capabilities and strengthens our efforts in securing the border. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Vitiello. Thanks for that question.    A lot of what the agents, and what we have invested in, and what we have been able to take from the DOD reuse, are association with the Department of Defense to take some of their excess material and equipment and put that in the hands of agents. So, obviously, the things that they use, the terminal binoculars, the long-range assistance to their vision, those are all hand-held. Some of those are truck-mounted, so those are all in the hands of the agents. So the agents that are operating that equipment can, in real time, inform response teams that are deployed with them in close proximity, the towers, the cameras, the RVSS. There is a combination of some of that being deployed at the sector level. So there is a command center in Tucson where the sector is, and that activity is then dispatched for response in that location.    Mr. Vitiello. Yes. So it is via voice, but there are precise measurements being taken by the hits that the sensors get on the aircraft. Our own towers, our own sensors are deployed. All of that material and those sensors are geo-referenced, and the agents are getting precise details about where that activity is occurring, and then the classification, you know, what kind of threat do they face, how big are the groups, et cetera, that does go over voice to them. But they are deployed in that same proximity as well.    So there is a balance that has to be struck in terms of how much goes over the air and how much they get in their--in their hands as far as using tablets and all those kinds of things. We are doing some experiments about getting the information closer to them as it is occurring. There is also an information stream that they need to be aware of. Right? So when the classification comes through, that they prioritize the threat information versus just activity writ large.    Mr. Vitiello. So all of the sites need preparatory work, a little bit of what my colleague, Mr. Borkowski, said as it relates to our towers, real estate acquisition and permission to enter lands, et cetera. So all of the sites that are operating now are within--in conjunction with the landowners. Sometimes that is via a lease, sometimes that is a different kind of agreement. But it is all structured and scheduled so that they are aware of our presence. So far, we haven't had any challenges. It was difficult to move a couple of ones that were up north. There was a couple operational decisions, we wanted to move the ones closer to the border because of their effect, and the efficiency that the agents were getting, but all is going well so far.    Mr. Vitiello. It is a difficult challenge. We feel bad for the people who are a part of those communities. It is such--it is unfortunate that they face that situation. I think as it relates to help from here is to strengthen our relationship and provide Mexico with the mentorship, sharing of best practices, mechanisms to exchange information quickly, and then support their efforts to reform their domestic and their Federal law enforcement.    Mr. Vitiello. In its best form, we have programs underway under the border violence prevention protocols. It is a systematic way for us to sit down and understand where the violence is taking place, what it means to our deployments at the border, between the ports and at the ports as well, and then sharing information where it is critical and then it is--in a deployment form, we do joint patrols with authorities in Mexico, in places where we know that violence or smuggling is occurring. It is a great benefit for them to have us close by on our side and then doing the same in Mexico. Those have worked out very well when they have the resources available to do it.    Mr. Vitiello. We have 6 deployed in the South Texas area.    Mr. Vitiello. There are 2 separate versions, they are both what we call the tactical version. They are both supported by mobile towers that also work the border environment that give us cameras and----    Mr. Vitiello. The aerostats, it is a deployment package. They come with towers that could be put up remotely. So when the envelope is flying, when the balloon is up in the air, it has sensors hanging off of it, the EOIR and day cameras, high-definition cameras, and then there are towers that support in the area as well that can monitor the border for us that----    Mr. Vitiello. The signals go to a small command post, and then the information that is obtained there is then dispatched to response units in the field.    Mr. Vitiello. So there are other vehicles that we have that are Government equipment that are not DOD reuse; the MVSS, the MSS, which are--have similar equipment on masks in the back of mobile vehicles. Those are operated by Border Patrol Agents, who can then obtain the information from the screens and then distribute it via radio to response teams as well.    Mr. Vitiello. They are.    Mr. Vitiello. There is maintenance that is required, recurring maintenance that is required. We are constantly evaluating the readiness rate. They have to be brought down to change envelopes when something happens, when the wind is too high, things like that. But, generally, I think we talked about the other day, they are in the neighborhood of 80 percent up time, so while they are available. They are available 80 percent of the time that they are deployed. But there are conditions which cause us to either do maintenance or bring them down for weather events, et cetera.    Mr. Vitiello. Right now they are deployed in South Texas, in what we call the Rio Grande Valley sector, which is the McAllen Rio Grande City area. They are there because as my colleague, Mr. Borkowski, said because we have a planned deployment there for integrated fixed towers for RVSS, for planned mobile trucks, et cetera. That stuff has to catch up our work on the ground to get those sites ready to purchase land, to do the environmental work is underway. In the mean time, we have deployed the aerostats to fill that gap given the activity levels that are in that part of the border.    Mr. Vitiello. They are all DOD reuse equipment that we have gotten from them.    Mr. Vitiello. I believe they have more, but I am not aware of any that they have that we are actually asking for. I think we have 2 that we are getting ready to deploy elsewhere.    Mr. Vitiello. We prefer to deploy the mobile technology that is on its way to us.    Mr. Vitiello. Excuse me?    Mr. Vitiello. The aerostats are a good gap filler. We see them as a temporary asset. We may not continue to use them in south Texas as the technology plan, the fuller requirement gets deployed. We will take them and use them in a place where the technology has to catch up. So they are a good gap filler. But because of the expense of their operation, operations and maintenance is quite high, so we are looking forward to a time where we have a more permanent infrastructure that is not dependent on the kinds of costs that these bring to us.    Mr. Vitiello. They are.    Mr. Vitiello. I believe there is one that is at 1,800 feet, and the other one is something less than that, 12----    Mr. Vitiello. So we are collecting all--several elements of what you might call output measures, the number of arrests that have been made, how often in a particular area, agency assaults, the kinds of seizures that are being made, and we look at that in conjunction with the kinds of deployments that exist in those areas. As our colleague from the GAO reported, we are looking at systems that allow us at the time of arrest, as we are recording activity, to then attribute the--when there is a seizure or an arrest made, attribute the assist of the technology in those areas. Over time, you can start to look at the effect of certain kinds of deployments and how they contribute to seizures and arrests. That way, we can see which are the most valuable kinds of assets and how they are deployed or whether we need to make changes to those deployments.    Mr. Vitiello. So we--our experience is, is that when we deploy in an area with the technology, be it mobile or fixed, we start to see more activity, because we turn the information--the information is more available. You know more about an area once these deployments occur. So there is usually more activity in the beginnings of those deployments.    But over time, smuggling patterns change. The activity changes, the arrest and the effectiveness of the deployments of the agents themselves and the responses start to change that activity, and the smugglers look for other locations to enter in. So we have seen that sort of a spike in activity in the immediate aftermath of a robust deployment, and then we see the traffic shift and move, and then we--that is why it is important to have these gap fillers, that is why it is important to have mobile technology so we can be assured to be in the right place at the right time.    Mr. Vitiello. When you look at where we have gotten to on how we decided on the deployment, the Arizona Technology Plan is one, our plans for the other border deployments, we looked at--and Mark can speak more precisely about the analysis of alternatives--we looked at which technologies would be most advantageous. We used our experience and the feedback from users to decide in the CGAP process what technologies to use.    But you are going to have to have--it is our opinion and our experience that you are going to have to have a mix. It might be more expensive on the front end to install the technology, but over time you see benefits of that. Sometimes that is fewer deployments in particular areas so that we can use the workforce more efficiently.    Mr. Vitiello. So, on the situational awareness side, we are looking at the border in a couple of different ways. Situational awareness, as defined, is us being able to understand what is happening, have a predictive analysis, like, know where particular areas of the border are going to be problematic or where we know we are going to have traffic, and then have the kind of assets that are available, technology and the resources, agents on the line, in those locations to give ourselves real-time information about what is going on in that area.    Mr. Vitiello. So, on the CBP site, the CBP.gov, there are output statistics about the kinds of activities, arrests. Those are usually posted at the end of each month, and so people can see that there.    Mr. Vitiello. So the statistics that are typically on the site don't attribute the work to the technology. It is more sort of an output measure of what is happening month by month.    Mr. Vitiello. Yeah, so last time I was here I might not have been as precise as I wanted to be as it relates to situational awareness.    The 56 percent measure, at that time--and this changes quarter by quarter--was the areas of the border where the deployment itself advises the workforce, advises the response agents, advises us of what is happening in real time. So, at that time, about 56 percent of the border had a deployment that was responsive enough to know in real time when activity occurred at the border.    So a response in real time--within, you know, a shift, agents knew about an entry and were able to mount a response.    Mr. Vitiello. What we are trying do in this state of the border reporting that we are putting in our system and using for things like CGAP and using to inform our deployments, there is a level of situational awareness across the entire border. So the 56 percent number, that is happening in real time; the sensors, the agents themselves, the deployments are picking up that activity in real time and being able to respond to it.    The rest of the border, we are using other technology to monitor it regularly, but there is not an immediate response in each of those cases. That other part of the border, where we are using GEOINT, where we are using change detection to monitor the border, it is not solely that. We have other methods of being able to monitor what is going on in those areas. But there is not necessarily a deployment or a sensor that picks up that activity. It is more of this change detection, using the UAS, using other assets to monitor the border.    But I would say that, as it relates to situational awareness, how we see it, each and every zone of the border has some level of monitoring that occurs in it, whether it be our assets directly deployed, whether it be the community informing us of things that are going on or our own assets that are doing a monitoring that verify to us that there is or isn't activity going on.    Mr. Vitiello. I think it is fair as it relates to the state of the border reporting and when we are using the GEOINT and when we are using our own deployments.    Mr. Vitiello. So it is accurate to say that the 56 percent number, that is a real-time deployment, so we know when it is happening in real time and can respond directly.    Mr. Vitiello. In those other parts of the border, you may or may not need that kind of deployment, but, in the aggregate, you are aware of what is occurring over time.    Mr. Vitiello. So that deployment is informed by agents on the ground that know how the technology works and know our own tactics for deployment and are aware of what the threat picture is. So, when those AORs are complete, we will have 100 percent monitoring of that border and being able to react in real time to all activity.    Now, there are limits to the technology. There are deep canyons. You have been to these places in Nogales where it is really difficult to see on the ground even with the technology.    Mr. Vitiello. But those deployments are designed for us to be 100 percent successful.    Mr. Vitiello. I think Mark is probably better----    Mr. Vitiello . To tell us the precise detail.    Mr. Vitiello. So we do have an operational requirements document. So the Border Patrol at CBP, our partners in CBP writ large are convinced that this is a technology that needs to go into the hands of agents. We have made an operational requirements document, sort-of the official recognition of that. We are working with OTIA to understand what resources are available and how we would deploy them. We are in discussions with CBP Air and Marine to make sure that we are not in conflict as it relates to the airspace issues.    Then we have 2 projects, the same project underway with the Department of Homeland Security Science and Technology Directorate, in which they have helped us identify what resources are available, what the limitations for some of that resource is, so we can start to narrow on which platforms will be available to us.    We are in discussions for a memorandum of understanding with the FAA on the certificate of authorization. Again, that is part of the deconfliction piece. We are in a relationship with Naval Systems Command about contracting vehicles and about their own experience and best practices with using these elements.    We believe that we are very well on our way to start these deployments, because we think they are necessary for agents in the field.    Mr. Vitiello. So we are narrowing with S&T on what they call the RVSS program to decide which of the things are available either through DOD or through other vehicles for us to use.    Mr. Vitiello. So we are happy to work with you on a schedule to catch you up to where we think we are. But CGAP, by its design and the work that we did with applied physics at Johns Hopkins, is an iterative process.    Mr. Vitiello. So what we have done up until now is sort-of learn the process and learn the best practices, which comes from our own experience plus what they have learned, along with DOD, to help us identify what the mission needs are, how to fill capability gaps, and what the use case is for identified technologies or changes in tactics, et cetera.    So what we have done is we have trained a majority of the workforce that are deployed in an effort to understand the process, what CGAP is, how to apply it in their own AOR, and then feed us that information at the headquarters to then turn in to requirements. Then we can push over with our requirements folks in our office and then over to OTIA to move the process forward.    So we would be happy to come back and give you sort-of a detailed brief about the number of people that have been trained, the kinds of discoveries that we have made, and asking agents for their feedback, how they would solve particular problems; look at the material resources, like we need a tower, we need a sensor, we need a tripwire, and then the other, the non-material things, like consequences and things that happen maybe post-arrest or information exchange with other departments, et cetera.    So we would be happy to come back and give you sort-of the full range of what has been trained and what it is designed to do and then what the roll-up report looks like, but recognizing that it is iterative. As the threats change, as conditions change----    Mr. Vitiello . We want to be able to update those plans so that we are not investing in last year's problem but are working ahead.    Mr. Vitiello. That is correct. So the people who are involved in the planning for their particular area.    Mr. Vitiello. So the station level, the people who are actually deploying on the ground, are taking feedback from the people who are making the arrests, who are deploying and they are looking at the line each and every day. That feeds up into the station, rolled up to the sector each, and then that comes back to us. People are trained in each of those processes to then feed to us. Then that turns into requirements, it turns into forecasts for budgets and programming, et cetera.    Mr. Vitiello. Well, thank you for this opportunity. Just to reiterate some of the testimony and what is in the prepared remarks, we are interested in having the most effective and efficient sustainable technology that is available.    I think it is important--and I think we have heard this today--that we will never be as fast as the market to bring these things into the hands of agents. We have wonderful men and women out there that have really great ideas about how to do the job more efficiently, but the bureaucracy doesn't always support that rapid acquisition and putting those things in their hands as quickly as even we would like them to.    But they are our best assets as it relates to that last--what we call the last 50 meters. You have to have people on the ground that support the technology, that the technology has to support them. But, at the end of the day, they are the ones that have to make contact with whatever that threat is.    So we appreciate them for that work. We appreciate you, in your oversight role, in helping us prepare them to give us the tools that they deserve to be successful. So thanks for that.