    Ms. Meng. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Ranking Member. And thank you, Ambassador, for being here today. I have a question. The Journal has been reporting on a $5.7-billion deal this week between the German utility RWE AG and an energy investment fund led by the Russian billionaire Mikhail Fridman in which the fund purchased RWE's oil and gas arm DEA.    This deal gives Mr. Fridman the assets to launch a new oil company with assets throughout Europe. DEA produces about 100,000 barrels of oil per day. This is disconcerting for two reasons. One it is the sort of business that we are supposed to be deterring, and two, it provides for Russian control over significant European energy supplies. Mr. Fridman is not currently subject to U.S. sanctions despite his close ties with the Kremlin. Do you know whether he is or he might be a potential target for sanctions?    Ambassador Nuland. Thank you for that. I am going to get back to you on some of the details, but just to make absolutely clear that U.S. and European sanctions have targeted Russian public and government assets and entities. Mr. Fridman runs one of the few remaining private companies in Russia, and as such has had his own strong views as a private citizen about appropriate Russian-European relations.    But let me get back to you on how we have evaluated that particular deal. But it is not a Russian Government deal. It does not deepen the Russian Government's ties into the European energy net or Europeans' dependence on the Russian Government.    Ms. Meng. Okay, thank you. My second question, a U.S. law currently allows for the vesting of frozen assets pursuant to IEEPA under certain circumstances. Such circumstances include when the U.S. is directly engaged in conflict with another country or when we have been attacked by another country. In such cases, the President has the authority to make designations of the frozen assets.    Should we consider broadening the law to allow for vesting of frozen Ukrainian assets? Ukraine is in need of cash and this would be a good way to get cash into the country.    Ambassador Nuland. Okay. I am going to admit you have stumped the witness. I am going to take that one and look at it with our Treasury colleagues.    Ms. Meng. Okay, great. Thank you. And my last question. I would like to get your impression on Russian influence in Europe. Russians own media properties in Great Britain, and Russia has close ties with political parties in Britain and France, mainly the U.K. Independence Party as well as the National Front in France. We know of close German relationships as well. Some of the ties such as the energy relationships are clear, others are more in the shadows.    Can you shed some light on Russian influence in the European media and finance sectors and give us a sense of who in the Western European political landscape are close with the Kremlin?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, thank for that question. This is something that we are watching extremely closely. I think the Russian investments in government propaganda in Europe are clear for everybody to see, the massive investment that their new platform, Sputnik, has made in Germany and France, et cetera. Interestingly, there has been quite a public backlash in both Germany and France to the kind of propaganda Russia is trying to sell, and the market share for that kind of effort has not been as big as they hoped. Just as in the United States, the market share for Russia today is relatively small because people want truth not Kremlin fabrication.    That said, the more nefarious dirty money sloshing around is what you highlight. This question of funding candidates and political campaigns out of Kremlin coffers, setting up of false NGOs to look like they are representatives of civil society but really they are representatives of a foreign government's view, we are watching all of this very closely with our allies and working together to expose it and make sure that the public in those countries knows where this money is coming from.