    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And welcome to our panelists.    A number of you have mentioned in your testimony the increased role of customer involvement in the current operation of the grid, and the prospects for much more involvement in the future. Of course, this represents a significant departure from the mostly passive role that the average consumer plays now. They receive a bill and they pay it. If the power goes out, they call their local utility and report it. Now, consumers are also producing energy, and their ability to refine and manage their appliances and sources of energy are expanding. This is certainly part of what the smart grid is all about.    You all mentioned the need for better information to go to consumers about their choices, and to educate them about how all this is going to work. How are utilities approaching this given phenomenon? Anyone? Yes, Mr. Siebel?    Mr. Tonko. Um-hum.    Mr. Tonko. Well, I agree we need to provide sufficient engagement of consumers early enough in the process to get good input from them on the frontend of program design.    I would point out an issue we had in New York with rolling out smart meters. There were a significant number of consumers that strongly opposed having them installed because of a variety of concerns, including privacy. I would also point out that opening up the utility and the grid to a broader two-way conversation with customers presents both opportunities and problems in terms of computer security. I think with a much more dynamic and two-way role for the consumer and grid operations, we are going to need a more inclusive process to engage our consumers. Have any of you thoughts about what that might be in terms of engagement? Yes, Mr. Ivy?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you very much.    And, Mr. Christiansen, as an advocate for renewable energy, I am very interested in the work your firm is doing with energy storage. You seem very encouraging. I feel encouraged about the possibilities. But the other day I heard a bit more skepticism about how fast this technology could evolve to make a significant contribution to the grid. What are the biggest challenges, and how quickly down the road will we see a meaningful energy storage outcome?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you very much.    With that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.