    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I only have 5 minutes, and I have been asked to focus my remarks on administrative forfeitures, an area that most people don't know that much about. And we have heard a little bit about it this morning, but I am hoping that the Subcommittee will focus some of the reforms on the much-neglected administrative process.    As my colleague Ms. Sheth just mentioned, the vast majority of civil forfeiture cases begin and end as administrative forfeitures. So a judge never sees those cases.    I explain in my written statement how Congress vastly expanded the scope of administrative forfeitures in two pieces of legislation way back in 1984 and 1990. Before 1984, only property valued at less than $10,000 was subject to administrative forfeiture. The two amendments in 1984 and 1990 made almost all property subject to administrative forfeiture.    The main exceptions to that are real estate and property valued at over $500,000. And incidentally, currency, which is frequently seized, there is no--there is no limit on the amount of currency that can be administratively forfeited.    So considering that I think Ms. Sheth said 67 percent of all forfeiture cases are administrative, it deserves a lot more attention than it has gotten. And it is largely an invisible process, so invisible, indeed, that neither the press nor the Justice Department has really focused on what is wrong with it because it is very hard--as some Members of this Committee have found out, it is very hard to actually find out the facts about administrative forfeiture.    Gathering, I know letters--there have been Washington Post stories about letters that Mr. Sensenbrenner has submitted to the DEA and other branches of the Government asking for some statistics, and they still haven't been answered, months later. And that gives you an idea of how difficult it is for anyone to find out what is really going on.    But I know what is going on because I deal with these cases constantly, and believe me, it is not a pretty picture. Contrary to Mr. Blanco's written statement, administrative forfeitures are not surrounded by all sorts of procedural protections designed to protect a property owner. He doesn't mention what those protections are, and I am not aware of them. And I think I would be if they were there.    He mentions the fact that there is a probable cause requirement that is a legal requirement for any forfeiture, and it is also a constitutional requirement in the Fourth Amendment. But who actually is enforcing that probable cause requirement? That is the real issue.    In an administrative forfeiture, essentially no one is enforcing it. There is no judge involved. There is no prosecutor involved. The only people who are involved are law enforcement agency employees, both on the State and local level and that is in adoptive cases, and on the Federal level, the Federal seizing agencies are involved in they are supposed to assess whether there is probable cause for the forfeiture.    Unfortunately, I find that in case after case, they fail to do so, and it is a systematic failure. It is not just a few bad apples, which is the typical explanation you will get from the Justice Department or the law enforcement community. It is not just a few bad apples. It is a systematic failure to enforce this probable cause requirement.    I want to be discriminating. These seizing agencies are vastly different from each other. I find that the DEA and Customs and Border Patrol are probably the worst in terms of doing their job here. The FBI is one of the best. So I don't want to lump everybody in the same boat.    But you know, DEA and Custom and Border Patrol do an enormous percentage of the forfeitures in this country, the administrative forfeitures as well. And there is a culture in the general counsel's offices of those agencies, which I am familiar with, and it is a very bad culture for individual property rights.    The attorneys in these counsel's offices are underworked, overpaid, and not committed to enforcing constitutional rights. What they are committed to is doing as many administrative forfeitures as quickly as possible and thereby eliminating those cases from what goes into court.    And it is a very bad culture, and it is illustrated by all sorts of--you don't have to take my word for it. You just have to look at some of the cases that have been litigated. I see I am over my time already.    But it is all in there, and I would be happy to answer questions about this. I suggested a number of reforms, the detailed reforms of the administrative process, and I have also submitted an unrelated----    Mr. Smith. Thank you. I apologize.    Mr. Smith. Thank you for that question.    In my written materials, I have made a number of suggestions. And actually, I have even further suggestions for reforming the administrative forfeiture process that are not included here, but which the Members of the Committee are aware of.    I chose to focus here because I figured I had very little time----    Mr. Smith. But basically, the ones that are in my written submission here fall into two categories, Mr. Goodlatte. One is a particular----    Mr. Smith. Yes. Yes, Mr. Conyers. I appreciate that fact that we do have some statistics on racial disparities in this area. But you don't need a report or statistics to know that that is the case because we have seen dozens and dozens of newspaper stories for decades now, since the--since the late '80's when forfeiture abuse first came to the attention of the public through the press. And time after time, the stories have focused on that theme that minorities are targeted by the highway patrols for these outrageous stops where they are just looking for money. They are not trying to enforce the law through these stops.    You know, they talk about we are looking for terrorists on the highway. That is what they actually tell some of the--the Virginia State Police will stop a motorist and say, you know, we are out here looking for terrorists and drug dealers, and then they get around to saying, by the way, do you have any cash in your car? And that is what they are really after.    So it is really a disgraceful situation. And by the way, I want to compliment Mr. Henderson for bringing up the very distasteful subject of how many DAs in Indiana actually hire private outside counsel to do all of their civil forfeiture cases, all of them. It is like a contract.    Mr. Smith. I am not aware of it happening in any State except Indiana. And there is no statute saying that, you know, go ahead and do this. It is just a practice that has developed, and I compliment Mr. Henderson for saying he doesn't approve of it.    But apparently, it is a practice that most DAs in Indiana do follow.