    Mr. Dent. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And good afternoon, Mr. Secretary. Good to be with you.    First, I wanted to commend you for your good effort in Afghanistan with respect to the presidential election where you helped mediate the aftermath, and successfully, I might add. And so I want to thank you for your leadership there. And I agree with what you just said moments ago on TPP and TTIP, about how essential those agreements are to setting standards and advancing our interests globally.    On the issue of Ukraine, however, I wanted to raise a real concern that I have. This very recent cease-fire agreement facilitated by the Germans and the French seemed very desperate and feckless, to be quite honest. I believe the West has been humiliated. As much as I admire the Germans and the French, they have taken the idea of arming the Ukrainian Government off the table. Putin knows that. These cease-fires will last as long as Vladimir Putin wants them to last, and that has been the case.    It seems that we, the U.S., have outsourced the negotiations to our friends, and the results have not been very good, and I am deeply concerned about that. I think there needs to be greater leadership. The West has been humiliated. And at some point, I believe we are going to have to provide some kind of lethal defensive weapons to the Ukrainian Government, antitank weapons, antiartillery. And I would like to hear your perspective on that because I just feel that this recent cease-fire has been really a major setback for all of us.    And I do appreciate your leadership on the sanctions regime, and I know our European friends always haven't been as accommodating. So I appreciate hearing your comments.    Mr. Dent. Can I also just quickly add, speaking of Germany, we have Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange Program. I am very involved with the German-American Caucus and study group on Germany, and we have serious concerns about the State Department's decision to reduce by half the funding for the Congress-Bundestag Youth Exchange Program. This program is essentially maintaining a strong relationship between our two countries.    Mr. Dent. Chancellor Merkel, I know, raised the issue of this cut when she visited the U.S. Can you give us the rationale why the State Department has gone against clear, I thought, congressional intent and unilaterally moved funding away from the Bundestag exchange program?    Mr. Dent. Thank you.    Yield back.    Mr.  Dent. Thank you.    And thank you, Ambassador. I am going to follow up a little bit on what Mr. Crenshaw had been talking about a few moments ago, and I want to give you a little bit more time to elaborate, I think, on your answer.    One of the frustrations I have heard by those working in USAID projects is the inflexibility of funding. When I was in Ethiopia a few years ago that was a common refrain I heard: We have money in the HIV/AIDS account, but we need to move the money to malaria or tuberculosis or some other health issue, for example. But the funding flexibility wasn't there, and so they couldn't transition that money to malaria prevention, for example, even where in a country where AIDS may have been more stabilized and under control than had been the case.    What can we on this committee do to ensure that USAID and its partners are able to make the most effective use of these appropriated funds? Are there statutory changes that need to be made to provide this flexibility to you?    Mr.  Dent. Yeah. Within a country, that is a common refrain, or they need money for fistula, for example, for women's health, they can't move the money. There is money available, but it can't be spent on the account in which it is in. There is no flexibility with limited dollars out there. I would rather be able to give you more flexibility to move money where it is needed rather than trying to appropriate additional funds that may not be necessary in every case.    Mr.  Dent. And I am not asking you to. But that is the complaint I heard in the field from our people out there, that there is money available, but we can simply not move it to where it could be most beneficially spent.    And now the second question I had, your predecessor, Raj Shah, had been applauded for bringing a business-minded approach to the Agency's operations, and by and large the model appears to be working pretty well.    Can you tell us what objective metrics USAID is currently using to evaluate the effectiveness of its projects?    Mr.  Dent. Just how are you measuring the effectiveness, what are the metrics you are using to evaluate the effectiveness of the programs under your jurisdiction?    Mr.  Dent. That is my last question, though.    Mr.  Dent. Thank you.    Mr. Dent. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Good afternoon, Ambassador Power.    I would like to return this discussion to the Iranian nuclear negotiations for a moment. Secretary Kerry and others in the administration have said that enhanced sanctions at this point, if they were to be imposed by Congress, would not be realistic because our negotiating partners really are champing at the bit to do business with the Iranians. Yet, we are told that sanctions will snap back in the event that there are some kind of major violations of this agreement.    Now, it seems to me like that is wildly unrealistic. How could we expect sanctions to snap back at a time when we know--it seems that the Russians right now are lifting their sanctions by selling these anti-aircraft missile systems to the Iranians, which would basically prevent the United States or other nations from enforcing a nuclear agreement if the Iranians were to have violated it.    So the question is: Do you think it is realistic that sanctions would snap back in the event of a serious violation, given the Russians and the U.N.? I mean, I can't imagine they would support us on this.    Ambassador Power. It is an excellent question. It gives me an occasion to respond to one of Congresswoman Granger's questions or issues she raised in her opening statement. So let me try to take a clean shot at this.    First, let me distinguish the two kinds of sanctions that we are talking about here and that have brought Iran to the negotiating table. The first are the very significant bilateral sanctions that we have brought to bear, including Congress's licensing and the Executive's use of secondary sanctions against those countries doing business with Iran.    Those are extremely important. And they were reinforced and amplified by one of the toughest multilateral sanctions regimes in history, which was achieved over the course of several resolutions up in New York.    So it is, I think, implicit in your question. But just so everybody is on the same page, of course, we will retain as the United States the U.S. sanctions architecture as we see the extent to which this deal is implemented, as we see inspectors seeking access to sensitive sites and whether or not they are able to secure that access. In other words, we retain a huge amount of power and snap-back capability ourselves well beyond the U.N. Security Council.    Mr. Dent. You think those snap-back sanctions will be effective without our international partners?    Ambassador Power. Well, particularly because we have the ability to put in place secondary sanctions and because so much of the world's business occurs in U.S. dollars and because so many companies want access to U.S. markets, I do.    But I think your question on the second layer, which is the U.N. Security Council, is still very important. And I want to assure you that we are not going--we are going to secure an arrangement to allow for snap-back in New York that does not require Russian or Chinese support.    So we are not looking at a situation where, in order to snap back, we would have to do a separate new resolution along the lines of what we did in 2010 because we recognize that today's Russia, frankly, is a different Russia than that in 2010 and we want to retain this authority and this capability, again, within our own power.    Mr. Dent. So you are saying to me that snap-back sanctions on our part would be effective--given Ayatollah Khamenei recent comments about the framework, which are completely contradictory to what we are saying publicly, why would not enhanced sanctions, if we were to impose them now congressionally--why would they not have an impact, but snap-back sanctions would?    That is where I am having a big disconnect. If we passed enhanced sanctions by Congress, we were told, ``This is unrealistic. It won't work. Our partners won't support us. We will be isolated. We will be on our own,'' yet, at the same time, if the Russians and the Chinese won't participate in the snap-back sanctions, our sanctions--our enhanced sanctions will somehow be effective--I don't understand. I feel like I am hearing two different----    Ambassador Power. There is a very clear answer to that.    Right now Iran is in compliance with the JPOA. The IAEA has--people have expressed, including earlier, a lot of skepticism about the IAEA's ability to verify. It has been granted the access it needed to verify. In the one instance, it raised an issue with Iran of concern. Iran addressed that issue.    So you are looking at a JPOA that has been respected and, thus, the idea of imposing sanctions at this point would seem very much at odds with the recent--recent only--but the recent track record to distinguish that then from the scenario that we were talking about earlier, which is a snap-back scenario, which is when Iran is in violation of any future comprehensive agreement.    And that violation would be clear by virtue of the fact that either IAEA gets the access it needs, reports that Iran is carrying out the nuclear-related steps that it has pledged to--these are very different scenarios.    Mr. Dent. I see my time has expired. I just want to conclude with is, it just seems to me that our Russian partners seem to be sitting on the other side of the table right now, given what I just learned about what they are selling to the Iranians now, and I just don't have a whole lot of confidence that the U.N. is going to be an effective partner with us at this point in the event that there is a violation, given that the Russians seem to be allied and partnered with Russia not just on this issue, but many other issues. They are trying to undermine our power and influence everywhere in the world, including in the Middle East.