    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. First of all, I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for holding this hearing. I think it's very important because we have the finest workforce in the world. Our Federal Government is superb, and that morale is low is very, very troubling to me from the reports that the chairman was able to review personally on it.    I have worked on the city and state level in New York in the bureaucracy, and everyone I worked with were very dedicated, very hard working, as are our Federal employees, and I was amazed when I came to the Federal Government to see how very professional this government is in their work. There's always room for improvement, but it's extremely professional. And I believe some of the problems is that people attack Federal employees all the time, and it seems like every time we need to find some money, we take it out of Federal employees.    And instead of leading the country with work/family balance, which the President has spoken about and which one of your reports showed from GAO that work/family balance is a very important part, you are dragging behind the private sector tremendously, and I will give you two examples, and I think that, Chairman Meadows, these are things we can work on together that don't cost money. I know that's the first thing with the Republican party. I can't spend a dime, but can make things work better, and I'll give you two bills that the President actually--and I was very thrilled that he mentioned them in his State of the Union address.    One is paid leave for the birth of a child. I've had this bill in for a number of years. It passed the House once. Never passed the Senate. The President has endorsed it. GAO did a report, as did OMB, that it would not cost any money. And in the report that I did, and actually even wrote about it in a book, Rumors of Our Progress Have Been Greatly Exaggerated, we are the only country in the world, save two, that does not provide paid leave for the birth of a child. The two that do not provide it is Lesotho and Papua, New Guinea. And in the report they said the birth of a child for 2 weeks paid leave would be--the work would be picked up by other fellow employees helping out. Granted it would be more work for them, but you're not going to hire another person for it, but it's something that we can work together and make happen in a positive way.    I will tell you, I have had Federal employees call me on is this bill passing. I want to time the birth of my child around the passage of it because in our family I cannot afford to lose workweeks and pay for the birth of a child. I think that's a concrete step that we can take to show Federal employees we value their work. Most--all Fortune 500s, most companies have this, but the Federal Government does not.    Another--and I want Trey Gowdy to hear this, because he's from a conservative state and I'm from a liberal one. If we ever teamed up, we might be able to get some of these things done.    That bill should pass. Issa said he's for it. Let's take a look at it. Let's see if we can pass that bill.    Secondly is work/family balance. And as a mother who raised two children, I can't tell you how distressing it is if you have a doctor's appointment or your child's home sick and you have to be at the office.    Now, what the Work/Family Balance Bill does, which was supported by Labor, and it was authored by myself and former Senator Kennedy, and based on policies that were put in place in England, it merely allows an employee to go to their HR advisor, human resources advisor, and ask about work/family balance items. And with the guarantee that you will not be fired for asking about it. And many people are very terrified of being fired. They need their jobs.    I've been in the same position in my own life, and I can tell you when I had a child, I went to my HR and asked about family leave, and they said: There is no leave policy. Women just leave. When are you leaving? I said: I have no intention to leave. I'm coming back. But I was terrified that I would be fired because I was going to become a mother.    And as a country that talks about family values as the most important thing in our country, if you look at our policies, they're really not there. We could pass paid leave easily, and we could pass--we could pass work/family balance very easily. Does not cost any money. You work it out with your HR advisor, and if it works within the timeframe and you can get the work done, then it can work out.    Now, if have you a highly motivated worker, which I think the Federal employee--employees are, they make a choice to serve this great country. What an honor to serve in the Archives. On the archives on this greatest democracy. This great country. To preserve them.    We in New York have digitized our main libraries so that everyone in the country can access our books. Everyone in the country should be accessing what we have in our great archives. To see the original Declaration of Independence. The original things that are part of our country. And I read that that hasn't happened. You should go back to your office, work with your team, make it happen, and report back to this committee every month on how fast you're working to digitize this system so that every American--believe me. Your workforce will be so motivated over the great goal of having this trove of information.    To protect the greatest defender of democracy and human rights in the world, what a privilege to work at the Homeland Security Department. What a privilege. And if you have clear guidelines, you should make them go to the 9/11 Museum and hear the stories of the devastation. Hear the stories from the SEALS that risked their lives. They thought they were going to die when they went out to kill Osama bin Laden, but they did that to protect this country, to make sure if anyone did this--killed an innocent American, that we aren't going to forget, we're going to get them. What a story to tell.    I'm telling you, you take a day. Take them down to that museum. Have them study it. They will come back so motivated on the goal that they have to protect Americans and this great country. We have such an opportunity.    Now my time is expired, unfortunately. I'm just warming up.    Mrs. Maloney. Now, I have some more ideas, but I'll wait for my turn. But I think that there's things that we can do that will not cost money. I know my marching orders. We will not cost a dime. That we can do to help this workforce and help them catch up to the private sector, and most people look to the Federal Government for best practices, and we should be implementing all the best practices that Mr. Goldenkoff put out in his report, and work/family balance. I happen to have some bills in it, I've worked in it, I've lived it. So I----    Mrs. Maloney. But we should implement those recommendations that the GAO gave.    Mrs. Maloney. Well, I want to thank the chairman for calling this hearing. Quite frankly, at first I thought it was ridiculous. I mean, what do you mean the first--worst agencies. But coming to it, I think it's really very important, and I think it's extremely important that there is a big disconnect in the--that many of you are testifying that everybody's happy and they're all giving 100 percent, but when they're filling out their forms, they're telling a very different story, and I think that we have a lot of work to do because we really set the leadership for the country.    Many people look to the Federal Government for leadership. And I think that the GAO is a wonderful resource. And in your testimony, he identified six factors that correlated with higher employee engagement levels, and I'm going to read them to you, and I would like to ask all of you to go back to your agencies, and in the next month try to implement them, and write us back on what happened. Or maybe the chairman will call you back in a month or two on that you took these five--six recommendations and put them to work.    I would add a seventh one, and that would be to look to promote from within so that people know they have a career path, that they have a future at these wonderful agencies, that they--that they're going to have a--be looked at on their merits and if they understand their material and produce a good work product that they have a shot of heading this agency. I would get that message out.    And they're very simple. It says, ``Having constructive performance conversations. Career development and training. Work/family balance. Inclusive work environment. Employee involvement and communication from management.'' And I would say if you took those guidelines, that they put a lot of research in putting together and implemented it for a month or two, I think you'd see some differences, and I'd like to hear the response if you get back to the chairman. Try it for a month. Try it for two months. And see what the difference is.    And I want to say to Homeland Security, to Ms. Emerson, I helped write the legislation that created the Department of Homeland Security. It grew out of the biggest disaster in the history of our country. Three thousand people were killed because they were Americans. Woke up and went to work one day, and thousands and thousands more are dying and sick because of their exposure to the deadly toxins at the work site.    But out of that I think came the best work I've ever seen in Congress. A commission was set up that was Republican and Democrat, headed by two outstanding people, former Governor Kean from New Jersey, a former member of Congress Hamilton, and they made an agreement they would not do anything unless they involved their counterpart. They issued a report called the 9/11 Commission Report that sold more copies than Harry Potter. Literally. Sold more copies than Harry Potter. Most read document in the history of our country.    I nominated them for the National Book Award. They didn't win. They should have, though. And it gave an outline of what was wrong. And the first outline was we were way behind in our intelligence in homeland security. We had 22 different agencies, and we took that recommendation and created the Department of Homeland Security. You're the most important department in our entire government. If we can't protect our President, our workers, our people, then we can't do anything. Your department's the most important department in the entire government. And you took 22 different agencies that weren't talking to each other on intelligence and other areas and are forcing them to talk, share information, and protect this country, and bottom line, you're doing a great job. We haven't been attacked again. But people are trying.    In the great State of New York, they've tried 14 different times, but because of the work of your agency and the locals, we prevented it. We prevented it. We are preventing the attacks on our great country.    And I mean what I said. I'd like you to take your workers down to 9/11. When they see what happened that day and hear the stories of the families of the people that were killed, and hear the stories of the SEALS and Governor Kean and Hamilton and others that worked to put these pieces back together again, and to make our country even stronger, they should have the best morale in the whole--whole government.    So I think the chairman is telling me he's serious about this. He's going to be reading these reviews, and he wants to see some changes, but I think we have a responsibility in Congress because the way we treat people nominated for positions and people that are working in government, I think is tremendously disgraceful.    And I want to mention a gentleman I called in my office, Anthony Weis. He was recommended for a department--a job in Treasury. I never met him. I don't know him. But he was vilified. He was vilified that somehow he caused the 2008 economic meltdown on Wall Street. He was basically in research and analysis and advice. He wasn't trading. He wasn't part of any mistakes that were made, but they said because he was from a firm--this firm wasn't even involved in Wall Street or the trades or that, but he was in a firm, in this case, doing reach and advice. He wasn't fit to serve.    And every now and then I think we're a strong country because we have a strong private sector. We have a public sector, and if we vilify people who understand how they can volunteer and help the public sector, we're making a big mistake in this country.    You know, he told me there were demonstrations in front of his house, petitions against him. His children are saying: Why are they saying you're a horrible person that caused the financial crisis and you can't serve your government? You know, it might be good to have somebody who understands finance to serve in finance.    I use that as one example. We could also talk about Loretta Lynch, a distinguished, accomplished leader in the Justice Department her entire life. Her appointment being held up. No one says anything bad about her, but her appointment's held up.    But often people are vilified if they want to serve in government. If we continue that, no one is going to want to serve. It's absolutely wrong. And I think it's very unfair how we vilify Federal employees oftentimes. There's a problem, it's the Federal employees fault, and instead of trying to work together to find the solutions.    Mrs. Maloney. I think you're great. We need to improve. But you have a great job to do. And I think you ought to go back to your agencies, turn this around and help us move forward in a positive way. Because we have the greatest country and we don't have the greatest country without the greatest workforce. And you're part of it.    I think part of the problem, Mr. Chairman, quite frankly, is that we in Congress and the public and other people vilify public servants, and they don't deserve it.