    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, may I ask a parliamentary inquiry? What is happening to the opening statements?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, with a great deal of respect, Mr. Chairman, I realize I had a constituent in the anteroom, but I will hope to be able to make comments regarding my opening statement. So I thank the Chairman very much.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I join you in this hearing and I believe this is an important hearing. Responsibilities that we have on behalf of the American people is for oversight.    Let me say that I am sickened by the series of stories that we have had to face in our local communities as we have opened our local newspapers, because most of Americans view all of the services that are before me, from the FBI, who is not present, but the DEA, the ATF, the Secret Service, U.S. Marshalls and beyond, in a very high level of respect.    You carry the mantra, the red, white and blue, the stars and stripes, the highest level of integrity. And frankly, I am very disappointed that we are even having to have this hearing.    I just want to take just a moment as I make just a comment about law enforcement and the concepts of criminal justice that I wanted to make mention of in my opening statement. This is the first criminal justice committee hearing since the killing of Walter Scott and the unfortunate incident in Arizona where one was to have a stun gun but yet had a gun that wound up in the death of an individual in Arizona.    I would indicate that I hope and look forward to the fact of being able to have hearings on the use of lethal force by state and local police departments, educational requirements, mental health and psychological evaluations, and training in non-violent conflict resolution received by officers and recruits, the use of technological devices such as body cameras, the state of social science such as securing statistics about the use of lethal force.    And I say that because there are many people in America, no matter what their racial background, who are crying out for relief. The victim's mother, meaning Walter Scott's mother, the incident that happened in South Carolina, stated that ``I almost couldn't look at it to see my son running defensively, being shot. It just tore my heart to pieces. I pray that this never happens again.'' And I think we in the United States Congress have a responsibility to make sure that it never happens again.    As a segue to my series of questions, I hope that what we are confronting today on the Federal level, that we can say that it never happens again.    Let me quickly, Mr. Horowitz--and I will be stopping questioning since I want to get to a number of questions--your detailed IG report made reference, I believe, to the fact that there may have been few, but our review of the handling of these allegations of harassment and sexual misconduct reveal some significant systemic issues with the components processes that we believe require prompt corrective action.    So let me pointedly say to you, why is there not a process to fire these bad actors?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me move to Mr. Roth. Thank you.    Mr. Roth, you mentioned in your statement, you discuss problems with the corruption of border agents and CBP. Please tell us more about these issues, whether the agencies involved are appropriately addressing the problems. I really need a succinct, quick answer.    Ms. Jackson Lee. So the point is?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Whaley, with the DEA, let me say that I was in Colombia during this horrific incident, and I think we should read into the record that the report states that DEA agents had sex parties with prostitutes hired by local drug cartels overseas for several years. One of those happened to be in Colombia. That triggered the investigation in the Secret Service.    So it is baffling to me--it is alleged that three supervisory DEA agents were provided with money, expensive gifts, and weapons from drug cartel members. It baffles that we do not have an expedited process, and I, for one, am a strong supporter of the rights of workers. But the question is, if you already had a record of complete ignoring of the rights of individuals, tell me why some immediate changes were not made.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I will restate it.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me restate it.    Mr. Whaley, we have learned in recent days that the sex parties and the solicitation of prostitutes by DEA agents in Colombia went back as far as 2001. So I was pressing the point of when your office learned of the behavior, when did you become aware of the solicitation, and the question is what you did about criminal behavior that is obviously separate from other work failures; and why, in knowing this, there was not an expedited process for those who were on the brink of criminal behavior? So the process that you offered I think has to separate itself when you are dealing with actors who were engaged or DEA agents who were engaged in what could be considered criminal behavior.    Ms. Jackson Lee. You didn't know before 2010 about the behavior in 2001 that was going on for 9 years?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So, if I may, Mr. Whaley, have you looked back to cure that very severe problem, which is 9 years you did not know? And as you know, as I indicated, I was in Colombia with the President when the incidents occurred, and I can assure you it was an international incident because you were dealing with young women who were prostitutes. But the question is, then, we are talking about a culture that no one, supervisor or otherwise, never got to headquarters. Is that what you are saying?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I will submit questions for the record, Mr. Chairman.