    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you to each of you witnesses that are here. This is such an important topic. Unmanned aerial systems, often called UAS, remotely piloted aircraft or drones or whatever the name, have certainly benefited the U.S. military immensely through surveillance, reconnaissance and combat missions.    As has been the case throughout history, technologies developed for the Department of Defense have tremendous potential for commercial and civilian applications as well.    However, to do so it will be essential that we safely integrate these systems into the national airspace, which is not an easy task, as you each know.    While UAS has applicability in almost all areas which require the collection of data, I believe that there are really three areas which justify specific mention. Specifically, these are support for critical transportation and logistics infrastructure, emergency response such as search and rescue and wildfires.    Finally, one area which is already showing I think possibly the greatest potential is precision agriculture. These are the applications.    With the use of the technology within these applications is staggering and each should be a reminder to us that the safe integration of UAS into the national airspace should be our highest priority.    I am pleased that the Federal Aviation Administration has chosen Mississippi State University, which is in my district, as the lead for its center of excellence for unmanned aerial systems relying on Mississippi State University and its 21 collaborating academic institutions along with over 100 industry partners to provide the research necessary for this integration.    It is critical that we move quickly to execute this research so that we can address such critical issues as sense and avoid technologies, airworthiness, remote sensing, beyond line of sight operations, cyber security and low altitude operations to enable this industry to thrive.    Following in that theme, I would like to focus my questions on FAA's role as we move forward and I will start with you, Mr. Wynne, if I may, and ask you do you believe that the FAA has adequately defined the roadmap for UAS integration.    Mr. Harper. Great. Mr. Wynne, there are clearly research priorities that can enhance the safe integration of UAS into the national airspace.    What do you believe are the highest priorities in that regard that should be addressed?    Mr. Harper. Thank you very much, Mr. Wynne.    Mr. Villasenor, the FAA must define requirements for UAS integration into the national airspace without being so prescriptive as to stifle innovation. How might it do so?    Mr. Harper. Thank you very much, and my time is expired almost, Mr. Chairman, so I yield back.