    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir.    It's an honor, a great honor to be here today. Birthright citizenship is a core value enshrined in the first sentence of our--of the 14th Amendment. With the exception of children of diplomats, members of Indian tribes, and hostile enemy occupiers, the birthright citizenship clause provides that all children born in this country are citizens entitled to the full blessings of our democracy. The immigration status of their parents is irrelevant.    The view of birthright citizenship that I've just expressed is compelled by the plain language of the 14th Amendment, by its legislative history, and by Supreme Court precedent. Those offering a contrary view must bear a heavy burden of persuasion.    The birthright citizenship clause, as a number of you have noted, provides that all persons born or naturalized into the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the United States and the State wherein they reside. On its face, the clause makes no distinction on the basis of one's parents' immigration status. From a commonsensical point of view, children born in this country are subject to the jurisdiction of the state: They must obey our laws. They must pay taxes if they earn income. They can be jailed or removed from their homes and placed in foster homes.    As Professor Graglia noted, Plyler adopted this commonsensical view, although he apparently believes it's wrong.    In the seminal case of Wong Kim Ark, the Supreme Court made it clear that the blessings of birthright citizenship do not turn on the immigration status of one's parents. As this Committee knows, the case concerned the status of someone born in this country to Chinese parents. Under the law at the time, his parents were ineligible for citizenship. The court pointedly noted that the parents were subjects of the Emperor of China. Nevertheless, the court ruled that Wong Kim was subject to the jurisdiction of this country under the 14th Amendment and, therefore, a citizen by virtue of having been born here.    The legislative history of the 14th Amendment powerfully supports this understanding. During the debate of the proposed amendment in the Senate, Senator Cowan focused on gypsies in an effort to persuade his colleagues not to support birthright citizenship. He described gypsies as pariahs. He said that, and this is a quote, ``They were trespassers wherever they go.'' Trespassers. That is about as close as it gets in 1866 to so-called illegal immigrants.    No one in the Senate took issue with Senator Cowan's stereotypic description of gypsies. No one claimed that they were not trespassers. But what other Senators did make clear was that the birthright citizenship clause would confer citizenship on the children of gypsies.    The Supreme Court, in Wong Kim Ark, took note of this fact. The Wong Kim Court emphasized that the 14th Amendment granted--that the 14th Amendment's grant of birthright citizenship is very broad. The Court also emphasized that, while Congress may have plenary authority over immigration, including the authority to legislate against those who were unpopular, it is powerless to limit birthright citizenship by ordinary legislation. The only way that that can be done is by constitutional amendment. That is the course that those who oppose birthright citizenship must pursue.    Let me use one of our cases to illustrate why I hope those who want to change the law are not going to be successful. Recently, we had the privilege of representing a young woman named Wendy Ruiz. She was born in Florida and lived there all her life. Yet the State was denying her the possibility of in-state tuition because she couldn't prove that her parents were here legally. We sued and won the case. And the court, citing Plyler, emphasized that we shouldn't visit this supposed sins of the parents on their children.    Last fall, after attending college, Wendy spoke at the Dexter Avenue Baptist Church. That's the church from which Dr. King and his allies launched the modern civil rights movement. She told a deeply, deeply American story. She talked about the struggles of her farm worker parents. She talked about the determination to get--her determination to get an education. She talked about her dream of becoming a lawyer so she could give back to the community. One day, I hope that she gets to testify before this Committee.    It is simply inconceivable to me that our country would deny the blessings of citizenship to the Wendy Ruizes of the world. Our immigration system may be broken, but we should resist the calls to roll back the constitutional guarantee of birthright citizenship in an effort to fix it. The clause expresses a fundamental principle of our democracy that there are no second-class citizens, that all persons born in this country, regardless of the status of their parents, are equal citizens under the law.    I appreciate it, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Cohen. Of course, I do, and I would assign it the meaning that the Court gave in the Wong Kim Ark and in Plyler. It has predominantly a geographic meaning. And the Court in Plyler was unanimous in that regard. There is another aspect to it, and that is that we know that ``subject to the jurisdiction'' excluded persons who were the children of foreign diplomats, it excluded members of Indian tribes that had been recognized, and it also excluded what were called hostile enemy combatants or, you know, alien enemies in hostile occupation of the country. Those are the three groups that the language excluded.    Mr. Cohen. If I could also, just one quick moment, speak to a point that Professor Eastman raised, the Elk case. That was written by Justice Gray, who also wrote the opinion in Wong Kim Ark. And Justice Gray said that the Elk opinion had no application outside of the Indian context. And I think that's very, very important because much of the language that we use or that Mr. Eastman and Professor Graglia use is drawn from the context where Congresspersons, Senators were talking about Indians, which is a much different case. That's the first point I would make.    In response to the other issue, I would agree with you that sometimes looking at foreign law is perhaps not the best thing to do. And I would also say that our Constitution, you know--and I hope that America is exceptional in this regard--it embeds this egalitarian, this deeply egalitarian notion of all citizens being equal by virtue of being born here. And I just think that's such an important principle.    And for those who want to shoulder the burden of changing it, they ought to shoulder it by pursuing a constitutional amendment, not by suggesting that, you know, they can do it in any other way.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Cohen. I would. Thank you. As Professor Graglia pointed out or acknowledged, he believes that the Wong Kim Ark decision was wrong. I think that's akin to walking into the machine guns at this point in time.    Professor Eastman, I think, has a more heroic explanation to try to defend the case but ultimately one that is equally unsuccessful.    Professor Eastman argues that Wong Kim Ark's family tried to become as subject to the jurisdiction of the country as they could, but his argument is that it requires complete jurisdiction. And he acknowledges that the family in Wong Kim Ark did not have complete jurisdiction in the sense that he uses the term. So I think the argument is contradictory.    The other point I would make about both of their testimonies is that they quote Mr. Trumball and Mr. Howard, two Senators, with words like ``allegiance,'' ``complete understanding,'' that kind of--``complete jurisdiction.'' And, again, as I indicated earlier, all of those references come from the very unique context of Indians. It has no applicability here.    Finally, I think they both rely almost--very heavily on the language of the 1866 act, ``not subject to any foreign jurisdiction.'' And the language of the 14th Amendment is quite different. It was passed or came out of a different committee. And it was drafted by different persons, and the Wong Kim Ark case makes it clear that, you know, that language was--in the 14th Amendment was intended to be broader, so those would be the basic differences I have with their testimony.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you.    Mr. Cohen. Yes.    Mr. Cohen. I do not, and I can explain.    Mr. Cohen. Okay. If you look at the era that Wong Kim Ark was decided, there is no illegal or----    Mr. Cohen. Sure.    Mr. Cohen. Well, I would try to make two points, and because I grew up in Richmond, I speak very slowly, so give me a----    Mr. Cohen. Okay. We're even then.    Mr. Cohen. The point I'm trying to make about Wong Kim Ark is that there was neither legal nor illegal immigration at the time, but what we do know is Wong Kim's parents weren't eligible for citizenship. That was their stain, right.    Mr. Cohen. There was no legal or illegal about it.    Mr. Cohen. But the point is that their disability was the fact that they could not become citizens. In that era, I would argue that that was analogous to being, you know, illegal.    The second point I would make is, you know, the----    Mr. Cohen. Well, there was no process. That's my point. And the second----    Mr. Cohen. I will tell you then----    Mr. Cohen . In 1866, there was not. That's the point.    Mr. Cohen. There was no legal or illegal immigration in 1866.    Mr. Cohen. Well, it was----    Mr. Cohen. I believe that I am.    Mr. Cohen. The second point I would make was, you know, the group of people who were perhaps the most analogous to what we think of as illegal immigrants today would have been gypsies. They were described, you know, in very harsh terms, you know, pariahs on the land, described as trespassers where ever they go. To me, that's as close as one can get, and it was without question clear that those, the children of gypsies, were intended to be children--or intended to be citizens if they were born in this country. I think that is as close as one can possibly get.    Mr. Cohen. No. We're talking about gypsies.    Mr. Cohen. No, I don't believe it was. I believe that the debate in Congress between Senator Cowan and Senator Conness has no reference to that whatsoever. The--and the Court in Wong Kim made that same point.    Mr. Cohen. I am so sorry, but I could not hear you.    Mr. Cohen. Well, I think whenever we talk about amending the Constitution, it's something that we have to do so with great caution. You know, the Constitution, since the enactment of the Bill of Rights simultaneously with the ratification of the Constitution, has only been amended 23 times in over 200 years. And so, first, I think we have to have a darn good reason to do it.    When we talk about amending our Constitution to take away some core rights that relate to equality and the egalitarian ethos that animates our country, I think we ought to be particularly concerned.    Mr. Cohen. No. It's clear--the Court made clear in Wong Kim Ark that the only way that it could be done would be by a constitutional amendment.    Mr. Cohen. I would agree if that's the course that the proponents want to take.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you.    Mr. Cohen. Well, I don't think an argument could be made from the current Constitution. The point that you made earlier is the point that a unanimous Supreme Court made in the Plyler case. Plyler was a 5-to-4 decision on the question of whether undocumented children were entitled to a free public education, but all nine Justices agreed that persons who were undocumented were within its jurisdiction for purposes of the due process and equal protection clause. All nine Justices also agreed that that word--that phrase ``within its jurisdiction'' would be interpreted in a predominant geographic sense, just as the term ``subject to the jurisdiction'' is in the first sentence of the--of the 14th Amendment.    That is exactly the same decision or interpretation that was given in the Wong Kim Ark case. So, unless one does radical surgery on the 14th Amendment, I don't think that one could accommodate some of the views that we've heard here today.    Mr. Cohen. It embodies----    Mr. Cohen. It embodies it, yes.    Mr. Cohen. You know, I don't feel confident to offer an opinion on that subject----    Mr. Cohen . Quite frankly.    Mr. Cohen. No, I can't.    But the reward is not--or the penalty is not something that should be borne by the innocent child. That would be the argument I make. And I would say the argument is as old as Bible.