    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I have a couple things. One I'd just like to state for the record because I know this was said about Aliso Canyon earlier today that we have called for a Congressional committee on the gas leak in southern California. It is in my district. Hopefully, we will be capping that in the next week or so. And I have put forward a piece of legislation that will be a baseline of regulation from the federal level. So not all regulations are bad. There should be a baseline. But in that there's about 30 states that have to deal with underground piping, and they should be the authority and they can build regulation and legislation around that.    A couple things I wanted to bring up, though. You know, I think everyone goes around their district and they talk to businesses and businesses say, ``regulation is killing me,'' ``it's hurting me,'' ``it's taking away from my bottom line,'' or ``I'm having to pass along to the customer'' or whatever, but then we don't hear specifics.    And we had a bill earlier this year by Representative Smith about the--called the SCRUB Act. And it was talking about regulations that might not have been looked at over years or have been outdated or looking at the hundreds of thousands of pages that we have on the books already and why can't we look at some of these regulations and maybe get rid of them.    When I was in the state legislature in California there was a state in the south that had just gotten rid of their law that you couldn't leash your alligator to a fire hydrant. That probably had gotten outdated. I don't know when that was dated, but at some point somebody said that was no good anymore.    So what do we do about this, Ms. Kerrigan? How do we find certain regulations from industries or how do we get industries to come forward and say this is hurting me? And I'm going to give you a little follow-up on that here in a second but I want to let you start with that.    Mr. Knight. And that's exactly what I'm looking for. I need the Mr. Bosworths to come forward and say, you know, these are the regulations. This is what I have to do on a daily basis when I shouldn't have to do this on a daily basis. If we did this on a monthly basis, if we did these reports on a monthly or biannual basis, it would still cover what we need to. But since I have to do them on a daily basis or a weekly basis, it's costing me time or I have to hire somebody and it's taking six hours out of their week.    Recently, we've seen a decision that I've written a letter--and we've gotten 108 Members on this letter--about the decision to raise the $23,000 of--where you have to pay overtime, and they're raising it to over $50,000. At that point you're going to hurt small business. You're going to impact them, and that's why we've gotten so many small businesses and so many organizations to sign on to this letter.    But that's something that we can identify. We can say if you take that $23,000 overtime limit and you raise that to $50,000 now everyone under $50,000 has to be paid overtime, I can actually point to that and I can actually say this will detrimentally hurt small business.    So that's what I'm kind of asking for homework is, especially some of these industries--you know, I come from California, so we over-regulate pinball machines. So I know that some of these folks come from states that don't do that, but the farming industry in California and the farming industry across this country is detrimentally hurt. Many of the small shops that work on cars, that work on houses are hurt beyond belief. And it gets passed onto us.    So what I'm going to ask is if we can look into some of these industries and maybe help us, maybe help us with a list because I do believe that regulations can help. I do want clean air, I do want clean water, I do want clean working conditions, but I also want to be able to buy products at a price where I can afford them and a middle-class person can afford them instead of sitting at home saying I just can't afford to do that so I'm not going to do it or I'm not going to be in compliance because I can't afford to do it or the small business person that says if I do that, my business goes under.    Those are the things we hear on a daily basis, and those are the bad stories that we hear, I'm not going to comply with the law.    So the last question I'll ask to Mr. Batkins is how often do you hear that, that we just--well, you probably don't hear that we don't comply, but how often do you hear stories that people just don't comply with the law because, one, there is no bite to the law; or two, it'll just put them out of business?    Mr. Knight. I know this story well.    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I just wanted to say one more comment. If we do regulations that have no bite, that have no enforcement, why would we do that? Just for the people that have good morals and good ethics that are going to do it on their own, that's fine, but we also know that if it's going to kill the business or if it's going to damage them in such a way and there is no enforcement, then we should probably think about that, too.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.    Mr. Knight. I'm surprised California didn't pick it up.