    Mr. Zinke. Well, I can tell you, General, it was a lot easier being a SEAL. But good to see that you have a Frogman with you.    I guess what I hear from friends and acquaintances that are still on the teams, there is a lot of frustration on rules of engagement, particularly prioritization of collateral damage, and the time it goes through the process. There is frustration on acquisition, on getting things quicker to the front lines.    And you know when I looked at it, it was you know as bureaucracies expand over the period of time, we have kind of lost from what I see a little edge of getting things the quickest because of the process in place. And sometimes the process mitigates the risk. But the downside of it is that we don't get things to the front line fast enough.    And, of course, then the debate between is it a service support, is it a SOF support, what do we do? And there is an unintended consequence sometimes where the services have different priorities. And as they contract their services, the unintended consequence is we don't have, you know, a view from here of what it means to SOF. The HS squadrons for example.    But do you track when the SOF forces ask whether it is a RPA or a boat or a you know regular helicopter, do we track the number of requests versus the number of fills, whether they fulfilled those requests?    And if that is declining, which I sense it is, do the group commanders and the SOF forces track that so we can have a look at it to make sure that, if there is a cut, intended cut, we can get in there and make sure that the priority is known?    General Votel. Certainly from the U.S. SOCOM headquarters level we track the requirements that our forces put out there and then how those are being fulfilled. So the quick answer to your question is yes we do. I don't have the immediate number for you so I won't hazard a guess here.    And I would be happy to respond with something on that. But we certainly do track our requirements for all of our organizations.    Mr. Zinke. I think all of us would be interested to know what the unintended consequences are on this so we can look at it and see if it adversely affects your mission.    Secondly, is I don't see the requirements for SOF going down. Every committee hearing I have been to in the last year here the solution set is always add SOF, always add SOF. You know and I look at it, it concerns me because I think that the force is probably--well I will ask you. I think the force is probably strained, but not broken. Is that a fair assessment?    General Votel. I would answer it a little bit different way. I think our readiness right now is stable. And I think we are, you know, we are at a, we are at a pretty predictive level of deployment right now in terms of, you know, forces we are pushing out there.    As I look at the numbers, and I track them very closely on a daily to weekly basis here, we are usually pretty consistent about 7,500 people to, you know, 70, 80 different countries even before what is out there. And that is a pretty steady state for us.    So one of the things we have been able to do is understand our deployment tempo much better. We do track operational tempo of organizations. We do track personnel tempo of individuals. And you know largely through the great work of my predecessor, Admiral Bill McRaven, we really got these things in place.    Mr. Zinke. What is your goal on pillow time? I mean, I am not talking training, but time at home for your operators. Is it the same between the SEALs and the SF and the Rangers?    General Votel. The goal is to have a deployment-to-dwell ratio of 1:2, is what we strive for. You know the threshold is 1:1. If we have to go less than that then I have a requirement to----    Mr. Zinke. Is that training or is that actual time at home?    General Votel. I am talking mostly about deployments now in terms of organizations deploying. What we do try to do within kind of our first temple rules is we do track time that people are away from home for training and that type stuff.    Mr. Zinke. The figures I got were somewhere around 280.    General Votel. It is about 250 days.    Mr. Zinke. 250 days gone from and the solution to that, I don't think we are going to get out of wanting special operations, but when do you say no? Because eventually you are going to have to say no to these missions and task someone else. And there is a breaking point. Is that at 250 or----    General Votel. I would----    Mr. Zinke . 280 or 300 days, or?    General Votel. I would say that we are saying no right now. You know as I look at all the requirements globally for special operations forces and capabilities that are out there that are being asked for from the geographic command commanders, we are having to make hard decisions all the time in terms of that, in terms of the operations that we can support.    So you know for me it is a pretty delicate balance. We look at particular organizations. We look at particular capabilities we have out there. You know I can tell you the most heavily deployed part of our force right now are our civil affairs soldiers, men and women.    They deploy at a higher rate than everybody else. So we pay particular attention to that. We have been with some of our elements, NSW and our Marine Special Operations Command have been able to get into a fairly predictable ratio of deployments now that are helping with them.    Some of our Army, some of our Air Force elements are deploying at a little higher rate. So I think what we have to do is we have to continue to look at this all the time, continue to--frankly it is about priorities. It is about accepting risk. And we are doing that on a regular basis.    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, sir, Mr. Chairman. And good luck and good hunting in SOCOM.