    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman.    Chair Matz, I get a lot of questions back home about the overhead transfer rate, the amount of money that you all take out of the security insurance fund to use for your overhead. You mention it in your testimony and say that the operating budget is reimbursed from the State insurance fund. That is the OTR, so the overhead transfer. You go on to say that your methodology for calculating the overhead transfer rate was validated in 2011 and 2013 by PricewaterhouseCoopers. On your website, and I see you have something there as well, it says that: While PricewaterhouseCoopers made recommendations to improve the process on the OTR, overall, they determined that the methodology was sound and reasonable.    So I did something that I think is fairly reasonable, which is I went to your website to get the overhead transfer rate review, which is the one that was done for you by PricewaterhouseCoopers that you mentioned in your opening testimony and on the website. And when I turned to the first section, which I think is a fairly reasonable section for somebody to go to to try and get up-to-speed on it, the executive summary, I got to page 5, and it says: ``The findings and conclusions of this study, which are based on an analysis of available facts and circumstances, are presented below.'' And I get an entirely redacted section. In fact, that happens a lot. There is a bunch of different places that are redacted. I think 15 pages are redacted.    I tried to figure out why that was. And someplace on the website, you all also mentioned Section (b)(4) of the Freedom of Information Act. You go to read that, and it says that you don't have to--or it is okay to redact essentially things that are trade secrets and commercial or financial information obtained from a person or privileged or confidential material. All of which is cool. Okay.    Until I get to this, which is the unredacted copy of your agreement. By the way, did you know that I have this as you sit there today?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. You did not know that I have it. Okay. I am going to read to you one of the redacted sections that you all cut out of the conclusions of the executive summary regarding transparency. Again, you can't get this publicly. But you can get it if you get the unredacted version. It says: ``Based on the PricewaterhouseCoopers review, the OTR methodology was considered lacking in terms of the extent to which the classification of NCUA's activities between insurance and regulatory represents a consensual view.''    It goes on to say that: ``Further, there was found to be dissatisfaction within the industry with respect to NCUA's efforts to communicate and explain the OTR methodology in adequate detail. It is recommended that the NCUA should consider providing more visibility on how it characterizes its activity to the different industry groups and credit unions and possibly solicit their feedback with regards to the reasonableness and accuracy of the classification.''    How is any of that a trade secret?    Mr. Mulvaney. When did you have that conversation?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yesterday. Why did you have it yesterday? What happened yesterday to prompt you to have a discussion with your staff?    Mr. Mulvaney. It had nothing to do with this hearing? You just happened to be randomly looking at your website yesterday and decided--    Mr. Mulvaney. I got that. And if I get a chance to get to that, I will. But let me ask you the question, who made the decision to redact the 2011 report before it went up on the website? Was that you? Or was that somebody else?    Mr. Mulvaney. Did you approve that decision?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you believe that information to be a trade secret?    Mr. Mulvaney. And your answer is, you are going to go ahead and put it up?    Mr. Mulvaney. By the way, the irony of redacting something that says you should be more transparent--    Mr. Mulvaney. I got you. Thanks very much.    Another thing you redacted, by the way, later in the document, it says that: ``NCUA should also check if the OTR decisions are subject to the Administrative Procedure Act and if formal notice or comments are required on its OTR calculation process and results.''    I won't ask you if that is a trade secret. You will probably say it isn't, and it is going to be on your website soon anyway. Let me ask you, have you done that?    Mr. Mulvaney. No. I want you to answer the question I have asked you, which is, have you done what PricewaterhouseCoopers asked you to do in 2011 regarding the Administrative Procedure Act?    Mr. Mulvaney. Lastly, you mentioned earlier that the budget was on your website. I have your budget. Thank you for sending it to me. It only took me 18 months to get it. I am really excited about having it. I got it yesterday. I appreciate that. Is the line-by-line budget that you gave me yesterday available on your website?    Mr. Mulvaney. When it will be available on your website?    Mr. Mulvaney. Finally, there is one thing redacted in the reports--I won't read it verbatim because I don't have time--it says that you should look at, explore future avenues of communication with the folks that you regulate.    Would you agree that my bill with Ms. Sinema, going back to the original process of having input, direct input, and meetings on your budget could be one avenue by which you could increase your communication with the people that you regulate?    Mr. Mulvaney. I am certain that you think it won't be. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentleman. Chair Matz, thank you for the second round of questions, and the opportunity to follow up on a couple of things you said earlier. You may have seen many of us on the dais react in a stunned fashion when you said something that I can't actually believe that you said. You said you don't believe that the credit unions represent their members.    Mr. Mulvaney. You are nodding your head ``yes'' as if that was actually what you said. So who do the credit unions represent?    Mr. Mulvaney. I got you. When they ask to cut the budget, whose money are they trying to save? It is their members', isn't it?    Mr. Mulvaney. Isn't that exactly what you would expect them to do, try and protect their members' money?    Mr. Mulvaney. You wouldn't expect them to protect their members' money?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay, so tell me again who you think the credit unions represent? If they don't represent their members, who do they represent?    Mr. Mulvaney. I didn't ask you that, although it is a really good answer to a question I didn't ask. So I will ask it again. If the credit unions don't represent their members, who do they represent?    Mr. Mulvaney. You don't have any opinions about it? They represent themselves? Are they preying on their own members? Have you talked to the CFPB about this?    Mr. Mulvaney. I am a credit union member. Are you a credit union member?    Mr. Mulvaney. I am a credit union member. I think they are representing me when they ask you to do that. In fact, I happen to believe that my credit union represents me fairly well. And as a member of that credit union, I like the fact that they are trying to guard my money and be fairly conservative with it.    Mr. Mulvaney. You have a budget that has gone up much higher than the rate of inflation. You have a staff that is going up higher than the other regulatory bodies, but let's continue this line of reasoning.    You said, when I asked you about why you didn't like my bill, that you didn't think that input from the credit unions into your budget process, more input, would be helpful. But you also said in response to a question to another Member earlier today that you really thought that input from your own employees was helpful in that budget process.    So what I hear, as a member of a credit union, is that you don't think the input from the people who pay for you is helpful, but you do think that the input from the people that you pay is helpful. So help me reconcile what an ordinary human being would describe as self-serving crazy talk.    Mr. Mulvaney. It comes up with me.    Mr. Mulvaney. I represent one of the most heavily credit union districts in the country. It comes up with me all the time. So you are saying they never raised with you concerns about your budget? This is something that a trade association has drummed up in order to raise dues or something like that?    Mr. Mulvaney. So you think that the credit unions are happy with your budget?    Mr. Mulvaney. Now, wait a second. Let's go back and say that. If it is not an issue for them, then what is the harm in going through the process that is laid out in my bill? What is the harm of having meetings with them, of having them have the opportunity to go over the line-by-line budget? If they are happy with your budget, and it is just an issue that is being ginned up by a trade association, what is wrong with passing my bill?    Mr. Mulvaney. Why not?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would you rather we just put you on a budget here? Would that solve a lot of problems, just not make the credit unions pay for you here, but have you be an appropriated regulator? Would you like that more?    Mr. Mulvaney. Well, you are. But evidently the people that you regulate aren't. So I am asking you, as opposed to having to answer to the credit unions because you don't think it is right that they have input--that is what you just said. You said you don't think it is right to have input in the budget if you are the one that is regulating them. That is fine. You don't regulate us. You can come to us and ask for money. Would you rather have Congress looking over your shoulder than the credit unions?    Mr. Mulvaney. Or to anybody, evidently. You are not answerable to us. It took me 18 months to get a copy of your budget. So I will ask you one last time over the last 8 seconds: Would you rather leave it the way that it is, or would you rather come into the appropriations process and have Congress oversee you?    Mr. Mulvaney. I figured you probably would be. Thank you very much.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.