    Ms. Lofgren. Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just briefly would like to join in the eulogy for Congressman Don Edwards.    In 1970, I graduated from Stanford University and came out to Washington without a job, and Don Edwards hired me. And I worked for him for 9 years, both here in Washington and also in the California office. We went through the impeachment of Richard Nixon, along with your prior boss, and many other issues.    He was a marvelous man, a mentor to me, and someone who was widely admired not only in the Congress but in the district that he served. I was honored to be able to succeed him in the House of Representatives and kept in frequent touch with him.    He watched all of us in his retirement, and he lived to the ripe old age of 100 years. So he had great satisfaction in his life. He made his mark.    And I would just like Members to know that we will be having a special order about Congressman Don Edwards on the 21st of October, and Members are invited to participate.    And, like Mr. Conyers--I never got to serve with him in the Congress, but, as his staff, I certainly was a huge admirer.    And I thank the Chairman for allowing me these few words.    Ms. Lofgren. Aye.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This hearing is disappointing in so many ways. It's really hard to begin, but let me just say that it is a myth to think that if we were able to defund Planned Parenthood, which I think, legally, we couldn't do, I mean, that there is the capacity to provide the medical services to the women who are being served. And the last time that we had a hearing in this Committee on this same subject, I put a letter into the record of that hearing from the California nonprofit clinics saying they do not have the capacity to pick up the caseload of Planned Parenthood. Just, flat out, they could not do it.    There has been a lot of discussion about abortion here today. And abortion is a very emotional subject for people in this country, and I think that is why we've ended up in the situation we have, which is there is no Federal funding for abortion. There is no Federal funding for abortion. And so if the effort to cut off funding from Planned Parenthood would succeed, we would cut off contraception, but we would not cut off abortion, which is an absurd result, I must say.    You know, I have known women who have had abortions, and I've never met a woman who felt happy about it. This is not a festive occasion. It's a situation where women find themselves, and they make a choice instead of the government telling them what to do. I think of the daughter-in-law of a dear friend of mine who had an abortion late in her pregnancy when she found out that the much-wanted child she was carrying had--all of her brains had formed outside of the cranium. This child was not going to live, and she and her husband were devastated. But she was told by her physician that if she carried this child to term, not only would the child die, but she might die, and, certainly, she would never have the chance of having another child.    We think about the women all over the country who struggle with this decision and make a decision, but one of the important things is to provide for contraception so that women don't have to be faced with that terrible decision. And I do think that one of the most important things that Planned Parenthood does is to provide birth control to women who want to control their own fertility. And if we were to cut off funding for Planned Parenthood, that would not be available to the women--many women--who live in my community in San Jose and in Gilroy. That would just not be available, and I think that would be a very wrong thing.    Now, I think there has been a lot of dirt in the air about the Planned Parenthood as an institution. I'll just say that Planned Parenthood in San Jose is a well-respected organization. I know thousands of women who have told me how much they rely on Planned Parenthood, not only for Pap smears and for birth control and for cancer screenings, but they even do some pediatric care. I mean, they're full service, and it's a really important institution and a well-trusted institution in my district. And that's what I hear from families and from women back home.    Now, this is in contrast to some of the things that have been said here in Washington. You know, earlier in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, there was a chart indicating that Planned Parenthood performed more abortions than lifesaving procedures in 2013.    I wonder, Ms. Fredrickson. Did you look at that chart? Did you see the hearing?    Ms. Lofgren. Okay. I don't think that that's an accurate chart, and, in fact, I think it's since been proven that that is not correct.    Let me ask you about--we've had all these hearings about Planned Parenthood. There's not been any evidence that Planned Parenthood has violated the law in any way.    Are you aware of any hearings that have been held about this CMP group, about whether they filed false tax returns, whether they were operating in compliance with the law?    Ms. Lofgren. Yes, I know that our attorney general in California is looking into it since they incorporated there.    I'll just close, Mr. Chairman, by saying that I hope that this is the end of the persecution of Planned Parenthood. It is important, the service they provide for the women of America, and I hope that we will stop trying to smear this wonderful institution.    I yield back.