    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My concern specifically is with our relationship with Pakistan. The United States has given Pakistan $30 billion since 9/11. I think Pakistan is a Benedict Arnold ally to the United States. Even going back to May the 2nd, 2011, when there was the raid in Pakistan on Osama bin Laden, we didn't tell the Pakistanis we were coming because, frankly, they would snitch us off, and Osama bin Laden would have left. And the near confrontation that took place between the U.S. and Pakistan after the raid--Pakistan scrambled two U.S.-made F-16s and were headed to the area where the raid took place and a possible confrontation with two U.S.-made jets against American helicopters at the raid didn't happen, but it could have happened--pilots that presumably were trained the year before in 2010 in Tucson, Arizona. And I think we need to be very concerned about providing armaments for Pakistan, who seems to play all the sides.    And I would yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Poe. I thank the chair.    Ambassador, as I mentioned in my opening statement, I want to be very specific about what I am concerned about, and that is the sale of American fighter jets to Pakistan or the giving of American fighter jets to Pakistan through military aid. That military aid is then used in the United States to buy those jets. And I used the example of Osama bin Laden. The Pakistanis, the military, hid him out, in my opinion. The United States didn't tell Pakistan we were going after him because they would have moved him. We sent helicopters over there. The raid was successful. Pakistan scrambles two American-made F-16s to intercept the helicopters. Americans were able to get away, and there could have been a confrontation. How ironic that would have been, American-made jets used by Pakistan in a confrontation with American-made helicopters in a raid against Osama bin Laden?    Now we are again in this issue of more military aid to Pakistan. I understand that there is $660 million in aid going to Pakistan proposed. Some of that is going to be military aid. Supposedly the eight fighter jets, F-16s--America makes the best fighter jets in the world--is in this package. And it is supposed to be used for humanitarian aid. Now, I don't know how an F-16 with all of its hardware on there for combat can be used for humanitarian aid. If they were buying C-130s--which I used to be in a squadron of C-130s back in Texas--I can see those being used for humanitarian aid. F-16s, it is not really humanitarian aid that they are built for or used for. And are we going to be in the same situation with the sale of fighter jets for humanitarian aid where we were in the raid with Osama bin Laden that these jets will be used for other purposes?    I don't trust Pakistan. Maybe you do. I don't. We had the former Ambassador of Pakistan, Mr. Haqqani, here and testified before my subcommittee and said that Pakistan still ends up supporting terrorists.    Do they support them in any way? Does Pakistan support terrorist groups in any way? Not just a little, not just a much, but do they support them? Or are they free from doing that now? Mr. Ambassador?    Mr. Poe. Reclaiming my time, Mr. Ambassador, my question is very specific.    Mr. Poe. Does Pakistan, the military, the government, do they still give a safe haven or support directly or indirectly to terrorist groups? I mean, they may go after some terrorist groups, but do they still give them a safe haven or a pass or whatever words you want to use, or are they after all the terrorist groups? Do we have any assurance one way or the other?