    Mr. Roessel. We are trying to get to a level that is comparable to other schools. We are attempting to achieve a level of 100 megabytes per second, just like other schools. Even though we may have schools that are very small, we still have that target so you do not have that lag time of a minute and you cannot take those assessments.    Also, broadband allows us to expand curriculum. Our small schools sometimes have a very limited curriculum because they do not have the teachers or a lot of different teachers. Broadband allows us to actually have a broader curriculum for our students in some of these small places.    Mr. Roessel. Roessel.    Mr. Roessel. A big part of that is not a specific program. We are trying to get away from a program to fix whatever ails us, but to look at issues comprehensively. What we are looking at doing is trying to get an expanded curriculum.    So much of what we have done over the years has just narrowed the curriculum. So students are bored. They do not want to go to school, so we need to expand that curriculum.    Also, Tribes want to be a part of the equation in terms of solving their school problems, but they also want to teach their native language, history, and culture, and make school relevant to the students there.    A big part of it is not saying individually this is our program, but trying to expand what education means.    We are also working with our teachers. We have a program to get 1,000 National Board certified teachers that will raise the quality of instruction so that kids are more engaged. If we can just get kids to be engaged, they will want to come back to school. A comprehensive look at trying to improve graduation by also improving attendance, will have an impact on graduation rates.    Mr. Roessel. I think one of the biggest lessons learned responds to just what you mentioned. What happens is the school will make a request to one office, which turn to my office, and then they turn to another office, you know the drill. Moving forward, we are going to all meet as a team from the very beginning.    The Division of Facility Management will meet with the school and with BIE at the same time so we do not have a letter lost in transit, so we get together and we can move. It will help us when we move forward to the new list so we can actually get moving quicker, and it will save a lot of time because that is one of the problems we have here. We are bouncing between offices, and that was a simple lesson to learn, but also a simple lesson to fix that we have already implemented moving forward.    Mr. Roessel. Absolutely.