    Mr. RENACCI. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this important hearing to discuss the 2016 Social Security Trustee Report and discuss the challenges facing this program that plays such a vital role in the retirement income of so many Americans.    Like many of my colleagues, I often hear from my constituents in the district talking about the need to preserve Social Security and ensure that it remains a reliable source of income for retirees. Also, as a father of three, I believe that we have a responsibility to leave our children and grandchildren with a country that is financially stronger than the country that we inherited.    Unfortunately, though, Washington too often chooses to kick the can down the road, call things surpluses when they are truly liabilities, and fails to address the long-term challenges that face our country.    As you can see from the slide that is shown on the screen, over the next 75 years Social Security's unfunded liability is equal to $11.4 trillion. That is a $700 billion increase from last year's report. This dollar amount represents the present value of the shortfall and the amount of revenue that the trust funds will collect compared to what the trust funds owe to Social Security beneficiaries. That is not a surplus. That is an unfunded liability.    Unfortunately, the outlook continues to get worse as Washington delays addressing the problem. In fact, since 2009, the 75-year shortfall has more than doubled, from $5.3 trillion to currently $11.4 trillion today. This is a serious problem that will require difficult decisions to be made. I believe that we must first start by fully understanding the financial challenges that we face not only in Social Security, but also in all unfunded liabilities of the United States.    In the next few days, a bipartisan group that I belong to will be introducing legislation to bring further awareness to both lawmakers and the American people of the unfunded obligations that our country owes on all of our social insurance programs. Our Nation's finances are one of the most important pieces of information that lawmakers should consider when setting the policy agenda for Congress, but too often, I believe that many here in Washington want to ignore those true issues.    This bipartisan legislation will simply require the Comptroller General of the United States to present the financial report of the United States in a joint session of the House and Senate. This will be held 45 days after issuance of an audited financial report to ensure that lawmakers receive the information in an accurate and timely manner. You see, we can't just look at Social Security, we have to look at everything, and I think that is important.    Mr. Goss, you heard a couple words. One of them was unfunded liability. Can you explain the definition of unfunded liability?    Mr. RENACCI. And I appreciate that. I do understand when you are doing calculations, you take assumptions, and I could take assumptions, you could take assumptions. But basically you show an unfunded obligation, as you call it, unfunded liability, is coming out of this report.    So we can't keep talking about Social Security's surpluses when the report issued today reflects a growing unfunded obligation. I will use your word. I believe that we have a responsibility to take the information that we have received today, work to find a way to appropriately address the sustainability of Social Security so our children and grandchildren do not need to make even more difficult choices in the future in order to maintain the program.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.