    Chief Hanson. I think there are a couple really wonderful things working. You mentioned New York. I can speak to there, but other places as well. In my testimony and others, you did hear people talk about collaboration and partnership.    So New York has a very strong partnership with all the entities and more that you described that do provide service in and out of Penn Station. They, law enforcement executives, security people, freight members, and others have quarterly meetings and just have had several to coordinate and communicate about the Pope's visit.    So I think you have a very strong presence there that is integrated, a tremendous amount of professionalism. That said, you also have layered security in the way that there is technology. Certainly using things like text-a-tip, which we use and other transportation entities use, because you do have to rely on the 700,000 people that are in Penn Station a day and the thousands of employees that we all have there.    In my 27 years at Metro, I always thought one of the most important employees was the custodian, because that is somebody who is very familiar with the station and knows when something is suspicious.    So we do have layered protection with biological detection. Some places use chemical detection. Long guns are deployed. You have countersurveillance, and by that I mean members that are not in uniform that have been trained to look for suspicious activity. Then I think the strong intelligence sharing that we have that may involve Federal partners and may not. The group that is in partnership in New York have each other on speed dial and text. The chief texted me when we had the derailment in Philadelphia to see if I needed any resources or support. Of course, in an event like the one we had in Philadelphia, the first inquiry is always, is there an act of terrorism?    I can speak to what happened Friday at Union Station, which was not an active-shooter situation but did involve a shooting. We had done quite a bit of training with our employees, our business owners, our property manager, and our passengers. People did what we had taught them to do. Our businesses locked the doors, turned off the lights, and hid. Our employees hunkered down, in some cases in the back in the track area where they took passengers. We had an Acela that was loading. Our crews got on there, locked everybody down on that train.    We had a response from the region because we were surging that day, but we had a coordinated response, and within 14 minutes, we had train service back up because of the way that event was mitigated, the way things were communicated, and the strong partnerships that we have.    I think you alluded to the fact that something did happen in 1993 on the Long Island Railroad, 6 people were killed and almost 20 people were injured by somebody, in that case, was mentally ill but still came on the train with a gun. An off-duty Long Island Railroad police officer was the one that made the lock up. But in that case, much like France, the passengers on that train jumped on that guy and subdued him.    So I think it is a combination of factors with law enforcement, our partnerships, the training we provide our employees, and the intelligence that we share as a community.    Did I answer your question, sir?    Chief Hanson. Yes, two things. The Federal security directors out at the airports, we do have a close relationship with them at Amtrak because we do get resources from them. So there is regular dialogue.    The other thing that I would say, which was a point that you have made, so aviation, and this isn't just recently, since September 11, the focus has really been on aviation. Of course, aviation moves millions of people a year, and mass transit moves billions, but the funding has been the reverse. So the money is focused on aviation versus transportation.    I would ditto my colleague here where, because of the appropriations, the 2015 money has been delayed. We do rely on that money for additional resources for events that we will have, such as the Pope, in our case, the Super Bowls, and events like that where we have an increased threat because of the increased ridership.    So the funding that we have gotten from the intercity passenger grant and that they have gotten from the transit security grant is something we have really come to rely on and is what has allowed MTA to do the infrastructure that they have done and the campaigns and some of the intelligence sharing. So that would be dramatic for us to have a reduction in funding.    Miss Rice. Message received. Well done.    One last question. In 5 words or the less, what is the biggest threat to our surface transportation system?    Chief Hanson. It has been explosives. It will be explosives. Then the lone wolf is a serious consideration, because somebody with a weapon, we see what they can do, and somebody with a knife, we see what they can do. But it is the combination of lone wolf and explosives.    Chief Hanson. I would say at Penn Station, very similar. We have a very strong emergency manager there. People know where to come. There are regular exercises----    Chief Hanson. He is, yes, sir. Retired NYPD and has a very close relationship with the fire department. Everyone knows where to come. They regularly exercise. Unfortunately, there are enough events, smoke in a tunnel, that people do have an opportunity to exercise those capabilities.    I think interoperability will always be an issue. Even with our potential access to 800 megahertz, it is not so much just being on the frequency, it is the other back end, cabling in a tunnel and some of the infrastructure that is so old.    But I think we have very strong relationships, very strong incident and unified command.    I would want to go back to one of your points about funding, and I am not belaboring it----    Chief Hanson . But sequestration did impact us very negatively. In our case, it diminished our grants by half a million dollars and it set us back over a year for our K-9 Program with TSA. So we have one person in TSA K-9 training now, and if the Government shuts down, I would imagine that they have to come back home. We have two more dog handlers going to Lackland Air Force Base in October, and I would imagine if there is a shutdown, they have to come down.    So it has taken us a year to catch up because of sequestration. Now, when we are trying to build our K-9 program back up, we will be limited by what happens here.    Chief Hanson. I think what you heard earlier in the testimony from TSA was, at Amtrak's request, TSA sponsored an I-STEP tabletop in Philadelphia. It was for all first responders and Federal, local, State entities, and it was the first table-top, and it was very effective, very well received.    Chief Hanson. Well, I would say a couple of things to that. Amtrak has assigned somebody to the National Terrorism Task Force, so that we have the overarching, because we are in 46 States.    One of the things that I would highlight, though, is after September 11, then-Amtrak Police Chief Sonja Proctor established a group called the Northeast Corridor Coalition. So that group starts in the District of Columbia and goes to New York City. Regularly there is an intelligence component to that and then there is the higher-level executives, to include myself, Chief Bratton, and the chiefs in every town, State, from the District of Colubia to New York. Tremendous amount of exposure, for some people, who the first time we road the train didn't even know Amtrak went through their city.    So that has allowed a growth of information sharing, relationships, a real sensitivity that people don't always have towards transportation policing. Transportation policing is very different and defined and specific. That is why that community of folks that are very similarly situated with those responsibilities is so important for those groups to share information.    Chief Hanson. I flunk.    Chief Hanson. Well, we go to 500 destinations. What I would like to tell you is that in small towns that you talked about, we took DHS money to train our partners in those small towns who we are very reliant on. We have regional detectives. But some of the response time, depending on where they are in relation to the train, could be an hour, 2 hours.    So we have had those detectives cultivate close relationships with local law enforcement. The RAILSAFE Program that we described is an output of that. So we call on those folks during particular times to work with us and other partners to increase visibility.    What I did was take DHS money to create a day-and-a-half course that, first of all, identifies what the threat is in the transportation environment. It explains how Amtrak collects intelligence and shares it. Then we run through a table-top exercise, one for a suspicious package and one for an active shooter. We have done that starting in 2015 and trained hundreds of law enforcement folks in 11 States.    Chief Hanson. You may not have thought you went through security. We have a very robust vapor wake detection program. So those dogs that you see walking around there that look so nice with the floppy ears and they are very animated and excited were possibly smelling your wake to see if you had explosives.    We also, as I mentioned earlier, have tactical units that are doing countersurveillance. So they are observing people's behavior. We also have people on trains and other capabilities. So you may not have seen the security. It doesn't mean that it is not there.    Unfortunately, last year we had an attack on a train in Niles, Michigan. There we do not have the resources. They attacked our conductor, hurt him very bad. It was an emotionally disturbed man. We had to rely on the Niles Police Department who came and mitigated that situation. So it was a coordination of our efforts with our local law enforcement colleagues to respond.    Chief Hanson. Amtrak is going to start a program starting October 1 where there is going to be restrictions imposed on the size and number of luggage. As a result of that, there may be more observation about luggage. But no, we are not screening your luggage like an airline does.    Chief Hanson. Amtrak used DHS funding to have a vulnerability risk assessment done. Our IT section, which is not in the police department, has increased their personnel and staffing. We closely align and have a very close relationship with the FBI.    The FBI did recently put out some areas that they thought needed attention because of some of the threats from ISIL for September 11, and because of that they have got outsourced young hackers who work with our IT team, security team, to make sure that we are aware of who is trying to probe our system.    We obviously have other concerns as a result of some of the new train sets we are building to make sure that we have and continue to work with the FBI about concerns there that could be in place to gather information that would be inadvertent and unintentional, but have a bad consequence.