    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Madam Chairman. And, gentlemen, thank you for joining us today.    I--you know, cybersecurity and the kind of attack that we saw on OPM I think--and I believe I read it here somewhere earlier today--is just the tip of the iceberg. As a 30-year IT professional myself, I firmly understand that as long as computers are working off of 1s and 0s, the bad guys are going to be out there trying to get in. And the battle space is huge and our ability to protect it is going to require constant vigilance. It's not a problem that has--it's not a race that has a finish line because as soon as we get to one point, the goalposts are moved and the game strategy changes.    And I spent a lot of my time helping to educate and inform those that will listen so that we understand. But this is a big issue and communications and computing technologies are foundational to our economy and to virtually every industry that supports our economy, including our own national security. So it's a really big issue.    Mr. Esser, the OPM Director has stated that some of OPM's network systems are so old that it has been difficult if not impossible to upgrade and encrypt them. How credible is that explanation and how many of the OPM systems that were hacked were these old legacy systems versus more modern ones capable of encryptions and upgrades?    Mr. Johnson. Right. Okay. Well, a complete overhaul of the existing IT infrastructure at OPM could take years, right? Do you believe that there are intermediate steps OPM could take to address security needs in the short-term?    Mr. Johnson. What are those? Can you enumerate some of them?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. Dr. Romine and Mr. Wilshusen--do I have that right?    Mr. Johnson. Wilshusen, okay. I apologize. Johnson is pretty easy for everybody so I don't ever have that problem. Sorry.    Dr. Romine and Mr. Wilshusen, do you agree? Are there things that can be done in the near term? Are there more things that can be done in the near term?    Mr. Johnson. Mr. Wilshusen?    Mr. Johnson. Okay. Well, gentlemen, thank you very much and I've exhausted my time.    Madam Chair, I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Ms. Bonamici.