    Ms. Felder. Baton Rouge.    Ms. Felder. Chairman Issa and Ranking Member Nadler, and Members of the Subcommittee, I am Pat Felder. My husband and I own Felder's Collision Parts in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Felders is a small business, which has been making quality, lower-cost, aftermarket collision repair parts available in the marketplace since 1987. At the outset, I would also like to thank Chairman Issa and Representative Lofgren for their bipartisan leadership in sponsoring the PARTS Act, as well as the other House Judiciary Committee co-sponsors of this bill. I am testifying on behalf of all of the independent aftermarket distributors throughout the country, who have, like Felder's, been on the front lines of the car companies' efforts to eliminate competition through design patent enforcement. It has been a gut-wrenching experience having to lay off good, long-term employees who are all like family.    To help frame this issue, if you have ever been in a fender bender, and at that time you had your car repaired, you have benefited from competition in the collision repair part marketplace, whether you knew it or not. This competition has existed for decades between the car companies and the aftermarket industry. The collision repair parts to which I am referring are cosmetic in nature; the exterior parts of a car, such as a fender, a hood, or a grill; generally speaking, these parts are not structural or safety-related parts. The purpose of these parts is to restore the vehicle's original, pre-accident appearance. These are must-match parts that leave no room for innovation by alternative suppliers. The car companies currently have two-thirds of the collision repair market, while alternative suppliers have about 14 percent, with salvage making up the difference. Despite our relatively small market share, the competition that we provide is important because alternatively-supplied collision repair parts typically are 26 to 50 percent less expensive than the car company parts. But even if a consumer uses a more expensive car company part, the competitive marketplace has caused companies, car companies, to lower their collision part prices. The estimated total benefit to consumers from the availability of alternative parts is approximately $1.5 billion per year.    Despite the benefit of competition, some car companies are seeking to eliminate competition, and expand their dominant share of the market by obtaining 14-year design patents on their collision parts, and enforcing them against alternative suppliers. In 2005 and 2008, Ford filed design patent infringement complaints at the International Trade Commission against aftermarket suppliers of collision repair parts for the F-150 pickup truck and Mustang, respectively. Ultimately, these suits resulted in an exclusive settlement by which one of the aftermarket competitors must pay a royalty to Ford for every Ford aftermarket part it sells, a cost that will be passed along to the consumer. And for all of the aftermarket suppliers like Felder's, who are not part of this exclusive settlement with Ford, we are at risk of design patent infringement suits if we continue to sell these parts as we have done in the past. As a result, Ford effectively created a duopoly, diminishing competition in the repair parts marketplace for owners of Fords. Since that time, Chrysler and General Motors have followed Ford's lead.    The impact of eliminating competition in the collision repair market falls directly on consumers in several ways. $1.5 billion would be added to insured automobile repair costs every year, resulting in higher premiums. Consumers paying out of pocket might choose to forego repairs, and higher repair costs may increase the likelihood of a vehicle being declared a total loss. The impact would be much greater on those of low income or fixed income consumers who can least afford it. Moreover, the average consumer keeps their vehicle for 11 or more years, and it depends on the competitive repair marketplace, not only for the affordable quality repairs, but also to the extent that the car companies no longer can sell these certain or do sell these certain collision parts. We are not here today to advocate for the use of one part over another. We believe that the PARTS Act will preserve competition in the market for collision repair parts and benefit consumers by helping to keep the cost of car ownership as low as possible. Thank you.    Ms. Felder. Thank you.    Ms. Felder. Are we talking about the settlement cases?    Ms. Felder. Yes? Okay. The terms of the infringement patent suits, settlement has made the parts in question more expensive since only one aftermarket distributor in the country has the exclusive right to sell these aftermarket parts. They are paying royalties in order to be able to do so. That cost is passed on to the consumer. It is not absorbed by the distributor. That in turn is creating a problem for the repair industry. We are not allowed to supply these parts. We would be sued for infringement if we were to buy the parts from Ford, Chrysler, and now General Motors. Of course, our contention is, this is indeed a slippery slope. Pretty soon, we will not be able to do it for Toyota or Honda or any of the other parts that are made, so consequently, by allowing this patent situation to continue, we know that it has significantly diminished the competition and has created a duopoly.    Ms. Felder. The distributor that has the exclusive licensing agreement is allowed to resell those parts. We do not prefer to buy them because there is no economic incentive to do so. By the time we purchase the parts for the price that we have to pay, put them in a truck, get them to the customer, we often have lost money. We have done it because we have certain customers that have asked us to do it. They know it is going to cost a little more. We have to at least try to cover the cost of doing so, but we would prefer not to sell these parts. We have received a letter from Chrysler saying that we had--a cease and desist letter. It cost us over $3,000 to hire a patent attorney to answer this letter and state we were purchasing the parts from the licensed distributor who had the right to sell those parts to us. They did not just take our word for it, so we had to go to the expense of paying a patent attorney to represent us in this case.    Ms. Felder. Yes, sir.    Ms. Felder. No, Mr. Chairman, they do not. The parts when you bring them, quite obviously, if they are wrong, it is very easy to see. We have two fenders here. If I brought in--these fenders are for a Malibu. If I were to bring in a fender for a Honda, you would be able to put it up and say, ``This is not the same fender.''    Ms. Felder. Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Felder. Right.    Ms. Felder. Our concern, of course, is, again, restriction of competition. In a free market, which is what our country has been based on, we should not have to go and pay a licensing fee to provide a customer with a competitive product. There are many instances where, I am sure, that might be an appropriate situation. In my opinion, that is--this is not one of them.    Ms. Felder. Very briefly, I want to explain that over the course of the time between the patent legislation, the patents were enforced, 2007. We have seen this industry literally almost erased. In our state alone, there were over--there were five independent distributors. Today, we are the only man standing, and this is national and this is as----