    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    My good friend and colleague, Representative Louise Slaughter, to my knowledge the only microbiologist in Congress, has been raising alarm bells for quite some time about the excessive use of antibiotics in our farm animals and feedstock.    I know that the FDA has shared similar concerns about antibiotic use and resistance in farm animals. In fact, FDA's Center for Veterinary Medicine has developed a multipronged effort to limit or reverse resistance arising from the use of antibiotics in food-producing animals.    Dr. Woodcock, I understand that FDA's efforts to control antibiotic use in farm animals are not entirely in your wheelhouse given where you sit in the agency. However, can you walk us through what FDA is doing to address the nexus between antibiotic resistance and the overuse of antibiotics at the farm?    Mr. Tonko. And with that in mind, in any way are we making progress in overuse of antibiotics in our food supplies?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. I would appreciate that. And, Dr. Woodcock, how are we tracking how much and what kinds of antibiotics food producers are using, and who is in charge of that effort? And just what is being done?    Mr. Tonko. And I understand that one concern of regulators is that antibiotics have been used extensively for feed production purposes and not only for therapeutic purposes. So can you describe how antibiotics have been misused in that regard?    Mr. Tonko. And what are FDA and USDA planning to do to address that aspect of the problem?    Mr. Tonko. Are there any other efforts that can be made by FDA to control the use of antibiotics in our food supplies?    Mr. Tonko. I take the efforts obviously are very important to the public----    Mr. Tonko . And we are at least pleased to hear that there is that kind of review being conducted, but I would love to see efforts go forward to make certain that there is every bit of safety and consumer-oriented response so that we can move forward progressively.    Mr. Tonko. With that, I yield back.