    Dr. Mazanec. OK. Our FTE ceiling is 651. But in reality, last year, in fiscal year 2015, our budget was able to support an FTE count of 609. We have a flat budget in 2016. That will require us to reduce our FTE count to approximately 599 in order to absorb the increase in personnel costs and inflationary costs.    Ninety percent of the CRS budget is personnel cost. During my tenure at CRS, we have taken measures to increase our operational efficiencies. As an expert left, we would look at their portfolio and divvy it up and assign issue areas to other analysts. But there is only a finite capacity there, and CRS analysts are now spread exceedingly thin. In many areas, we are one deep.    So what would be the consequences of a flat budget? If CRS capacities are not maintained, gap areas will intensify. Right now we have a gap due to an unanticipated departure in Russian and Ukrainian foreign policy. In these areas, as gaps develop, we cannot always immediately backfill, which means it becomes a challenge for us to produce the highly analytical, nuanced work that you expect of us.    I can almost state with 100 percent assurance that timelines will increase, especially in the areas that are high volume: education, health care, defense, appropriations, and budget. Analysts will be challenged to update and maintain the currency of their reports.    And finally, one more thing. I don't think we will be able to effectively leverage the vast amount of data that is currently being collected to better inform the work that you expect of us.    Dr. Mazanec. Do you want to start?    Dr. Mazanec. As you know, CRS--and I think I can speak for the Library--does not take a formal position on this. It is a complex situation, but there are potential impacts and unintended consequences. And let me just run through three, one of which you already mentioned, which is that as we release our reports and our products more broadly, it may alter the way we conceptualize and perform our work for Congress.    Right now, we work for a congressional audience. We write for a congressional audience. We meet your timelines. And we are high volume. As we take on more of a public presence, that may shift. Analysts may feel they have to vet their work more carefully. They may feel that only certain topics should be written about; realizing that their reports will be released into the public domain.    Another potential or unintended consequence could be the erosion of the speech or debate protection that CRS has for the confidential work it does for Congress. As we take on more of a public persona, so to speak, the Service may be viewed differently by the courts. Previous decisions that have upheld the speech or debate protection for CRS, have been predicated on the fact that we work exclusively for the Congress.    The other thing is there are going to be tangible costs to publish our reports. We have to put them in a format for public release. We would also have to manage the expectations from the public for us to be responsive to them.    Dr. Mazanec. That is an interesting question. I don't have the answer to that.    Dr. Mazanec. No, not necessarily.    Dr. Mazanec. No. But I can find out how many different languages are represented in the CRS staff and get back to you.    Dr. Mazanec. Well, our travel and training budget has also been one of the line items that we have reduced in order to maintain the expertise across all the issue areas. And I know that in my Foreign Affairs, Defense and Trade Division, the analysts that do the regions or the countries do feel they need in-country experience in order to be credible.    Dr. Mazanec. To engage with HDP?    Dr. Mazanec. Let me just make a few points.    First of all, I would echo what David said about the dedication of the CRS staff. It is one of the--actually the best staff, the best group of colleagues that I have been associated with in my professional career.    I think, though, we are asking them to do more with less, and they are stretched, and they are feeling that. And that sends a message to them about the value that is placed in CRS.    I just finished a 5-year strategic plan for CRS. I held over 40 hours of all-hands and brown bags and there was a tremendous engagement. They are interested in the institution. They are very dedicated to the mission. They love working for Congress.    Dr. Mazanec. They are here to support you. They are here to support you.