    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sopko, welcome back. I have to say, listening to this and reading your report, you know, there is a French expression plus ca change, plus c'est la meme chose, you know, the more things change, the more they stay the same, echoes of Vietnam, echoes of other large investments both by DOD and AID and the same old story, can't keep track of it, billions wasted, had to, you know, demolish it.    I am looking at your report, for example. Your report, inter alia, on the inspection of six Afghan National Police district facilities in Helmand and Kandahar Provinces in 2010, one of the findings in that report was there was poor contractor performance to say the least. One of your report's recommendations was to ensure that identified construction deficiencies of future projects be paid for by the responsible contractor instead of the U.S. Government. By the way, was that recommendation accepted?    Mr. Connolly. All right. In 2015, your inspection report for the Afghan special police training centers dry fire range found that the regional contracting center failed to hold the contractor accountable for correcting deficiencies in construction before the contract warranty expired. The Afghan Government had to demolish the facility and rebuild it using Afghan money. Is that correct, Mr. Sopko?    Mr. Connolly. Help us understand how that we could arrive at that state of affairs. I mean, I listen to you talk about, you know, if that is winning, what would losing be? I have got to helicopter across the street. How in the world--if that is the security situation, how can we with a straight face say there is actually sufficient oversight on any investment we are making in Afghanistan?    Mr. Connolly. Absolutely.    Mr. Sopko.--and nobody is able to say that to me.    Mr. Connolly. You know, in terms of when in doubt, it seems to me--echoing Mr. Duncan's comments--I would rather pull the plug and not make the risk of an investment than to expend U.S. taxpayer dollars on a failing enterprise that has to be demolished. I mean, I don't know what good is done by that investment other than, I suppose, some people can pocket some money and some people can be on the payroll. But the damage done both to our prestige, you know, the symbolism of that failed investment and the taxpayer here to me outweighs the risk of making an investment.    Ms. Abizaid, do you want to comment on that?    Mr. Connolly. I appreciate that, but let me just echo what Mr. Sopko said. If we are that confident that, yes, there are some failures we can point to put there are also some successes, then it ought not to be that difficult for Secretary Carter to respond to Mr. Sopko's request, which I certainly bless. Give us the top 10. You know, help us understand what lessons were learned from these successes. If you want to throw in some failures, that would be welcome, too, so that we are not repeating.    And that is why I began by saying plus ca change. Nothing changes in decades of these kinds of investments. Do we ever learn from our experience in investing in, you know, very difficult circumstances where corruption is rampant, where government is inefficient, in the case of the previous government, frankly, of questionable intent in a lot of cases? And a lot hinges on that.    And what is the price we have paid? A deteriorating security--a badly deteriorating security situation and a lot of wasted dollars, and that is not without consequence. If I were the Taliban, I would point to that. If you want to throw your lot in with those people, let me take you to this demolished police training facility or whatever. And so it is not without consequences beyond even dollars.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.