    Mr. Meadows. The Subcommittee on Government Operations will come to order.    And, without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    For the past few years, Federal employees have had surveys that have revealed government-wide decline in employee engagement and satisfaction. We get these results from the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey. It is an OPM-administered survey that reaches out to more than 800,000 Federal employees in 2014. And, of that number, nearly 400,000, which is an incredible number, replied. And this data was sorted by OPM to provide numbers and kind of useful metrics that we can look at in terms of employee satisfaction.    Ninety percent of the Federal employees surveyed are willing to put in the extra effort necessary to get the job done, an incredible number, and they consistently look for better ways to do the job. Yet, employee perception of agency leadership continues to decline, with only 42 percent of workers expressing confidence in their superiors. And that is from cabinet secretaries all the way to midlevel managers. And only 50 percent of employees had positive things to say about the integrity of their leadership, including communication and the ability to motivate their workforce.    This is a considerable decrease and should be a concern for agency leaders and raises questions about the priorities in managing our Nation's more than 2 million public servants.    Seven in ten workers said that their chance at a promotion is not based on merit, but on favoritism, something that is extremely troubling, I know, to me and the ranking member. Are agency leaders really doing enough is the question. Survey results from agencies that appear before us today suggest that not enough has been done.    Specifically, DHS and the Chemical Safety Board are consistently below government-wide averages for employee engagement and satisfaction. The Department of Homeland Security--and, Ms. Emerson, we will be hearing from you--the Department of Homeland Security rests as the worst place to work among cabinet agencies and saw its score drop by nearly 3 points from 2013. DHS had ranked 19 of 19 in terms of cabinet agencies on factors such as effective leadership, fairness, empowerment, and skills to match the mission.    Specifically, one that is near and dear to me, as I have mentioned to you previously, is that Secret Service employees ranked number 276 out of 315 among places to work. I continue to get emails from agents who are willing to give their life for the President and, yet, they are afraid to engage with supervisors in terms of making decisions.    So I say that we are having this hearing because this will not be the first of any hearing. This will be an ongoing--really, the ranking member and I believe that focusing on the great workforce that we have is critical. We have agreed to go out and meet with the rank and file on a regular basis to hear from them. And so, if the message is out there today, there is at least one Democrat and one Republican willing to look at what matters most to the hundreds of thousands of Federal workforce employees that serve our public every day.    From an National Archives standpoint, I want to just give a personal thank you for allowing me to come in and meet with some of the folks who are doing a job that really is part of history. As I went around to see the dedicated workers that are there, I got a real sense of their desire to serve sometimes in a very hot warehouse, sometimes in a place that is not necessarily the most glamorous in terms of working for, but, indeed, they are part of history.    And so I share that to say I have great hope that today Mr. Connolly and I will be able to embark and other members of this subcommittee will be able to embark on an effort that is not a hearing for TV or anything else, that it is a real hearing about a message that these surveys and their input matters. And we are going to put real pressure on those who don't perform.    I would be remiss in not saying, even though my opening statement was negative about DHS, that the Secretary of DHS just came by and had a meeting with Mr. Connolly and I and has laid out a number of steps on where he is wanting to address this particular concern for employee morale.    And so I thank all of the witnesses for being here today. And I look forward to a working relationship where we can work together to make sure that we have improved numbers, but, more importantly, improved satisfaction among our Federal workforce.    Mr. Meadows. And, with that, I would recognize the ranking member, Mr. Connolly, from Virginia.    Mr. Meadows. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Connolly, for those insightful remarks.    I will hold open the record for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    I will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome the Honorable David Ferriero, the Archivist at the National Archives and Records Administration; the Honorable Manuel Ehrlich, a Board Member of the U.S. Chemical Safety Board; Ms. Catherine Emerson, Chief Human Capital Officer for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security; and Mr. Robert Goldenkoff, Director of Strategic Issues for the U.S. Government Accountability Office. Welcome to you all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify. So I would ask you if you would please rise and raise your right hands.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that your testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Let the record reflect that all witnesses have answered in the affirmative. Thank you. And please be seated.    In order to allow some time for discussion and dialogue, I would ask that you would limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes. But your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    And so, Mr. Ferriero, we will come to you. You are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you so much for your testimony.    And I have been informed that it is streaming back to some of your employees. And so I know they take to heart your comments.    But I would be remiss if I don't say personally a real thank you to many of them for the hospitality that they showed me when I was visiting there and for the way that they treated me with not only such genuine hospitality, but frankness and support.    And I look forward to working with you. Thank you.    Mr. Ehrlich, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Ehrlich.    Now, are you streaming this back to your employees today, this hearing?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Ms. Emerson.    Mr. Meadows. Ms. Emerson, thank you for your testimony.    And I will say thank you for the energy that I witnessed just in the meeting prior to this. And I look forward to working with you in the months and years to come.    Mr. Goldenkoff, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you all. Thank you for your testimony.    And, Mr. Goldenkoff, I want to come to you first because, obviously, your agency is--they are doing things right because you get better scores. Some of the things that you just highlighted there certainly are things that need to be implemented.    In the analysis that you did, did you find a resistance, perhaps, on the part of senior-level executives or mid-level managers or the like or even as high as cabinet to implement some of those additional recommendations or observations that you have made?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So let me ask one other question before I go on to some of the other witnesses.    How much of this is a legislative fix that is needed with regards to either the civil service, you know, performance metrics or whatever? How much of that can we fix and how much of that is where we have to put emphasis so the agencies can fix, in your opinion?    Mr. Meadows. My ranking member was just about to go crazy that that softball was not hit out of the park.    But go ahead.    Mr. Meadows. So let me ask you: On the ones who improved their scores, what kind of affirmation did they get to continue that?    Because, you know, we all are in either a reward or risk-averse society where punishment we hate, rewards we like.    But did any of that happen to any those that improved scores other than that they got a good score on a report that some would say most don't look at?    Mr. Meadows. All right. Thank you so much.    Mr. Ferriero, I want to come to you. Yesterday you shared with me how you worked in a very hot area picking books off and that you understand some of the issues that some of your workforce gets to engage in on a regular basis.    So I would ask you: With the scores being as low as they are and the action plan that you have outlined, what are the major impediments to providing--to getting the scores up?But, more importantly, the scores would represent a change in attitude among many of the people that you have working.What is the major impediment that you might have?    Mr. Meadows. So can we get from each one of you that are on this list kind of a benchmark of where you would like to be 6 months from now and a year from now? I mean, are each one of you willing to at least give me a goal that you are looking to get in terms of increasing these numbers? I will start with you.    Mr. Meadows. I guess what I am asking for is, in order for me to properly evaluate it and for the ranking member to properly evaluate it, we at least need a goal that the three of you are looking at. And that may be a modest goal in saying, ``We are looking at increasing the score and making it here or here.''    And is it that something that you are willing to get with your senior staff and provide to the committee in terms of some clear objectives and where you want to be?    Then we have got a matrix to at least measure against so we are not here next year saying, ``Well, we didn't make much progress'' and all of you are saying, ``Oh, we did make progress.'' I need something quantifiable, I guess is what I'm saying.    Mr. Meadows. Let me put it a different way for all three of you. Here is what I am asking you to provide to this committee, is a score, a quantitative number, in terms of where we are today and where you would like to be a year from now.And then you have already outlined some of the action plans that you are doing, obviously, to get there.    But I want to make sure that we can measure against that and say, ``Okay. Well, gosh, these things worked. These things obviously didn't move the needle at all. So let's scrap them and go on to something else.'' Would all three of you be willing to work on that?    Mr. Meadows. I've gone way over my time.    So I am going to recognize the ranking member, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the ranking member.    Mr. Ehrlich, let me follow up. I'm confused. I mean, you've been there 5 months. You've been here before this committee on another issue just a few weeks ago.    Mr. Meadows. And there was disagreement among the board members during that hearing. Would you----    Mr. Meadows. So, what the ranking member just brought up in his questioning doesn't seem like you've fixed that, or are you saying that, shazam, it's been fixed.    Mr. Meadows. Well, I guess here's my concern. You've one of the smallest agencies.    Mr. Meadows. So knowing what they're thinking is certainly a whole lot easier than what Ms. Emerson has to deal with.    Mr. Meadows. How many employees do you have?    Mr. Meadows. Forty. At the time of this survey you had 34 employees, and 32 of them responded, which is an incredible response rate.    Mr. Meadows. I mean, I've never seen that ever. And yet that incredible response rate gave you an F, a failing grade. And you're sitting here saying that there was a problem with the study that the ranking member highlighted? How could that be? I mean, what basis do you say that there was a problem with? Do you base that on the fact that Mr. Horowitz, who is still working with you, punished the point of contact for actually doing the survey? Do you base that on that?    Mr. Meadows. Well, he did punish the point of contact. Is that your testimony that he did not?    Mr. Meadows. I agree with that, and why would Dr. Horowitz not be here today, Mr. Ehrlich? We asked him to testify because he probably knows it better than you since you've only been there 5 months. Why would he not have come today, Mr. Ehrlich?    Mr. Meadows. So did he punish him or not?    Mr. Meadows. All right. How about the other board members who are not here? In their opinion did he punish him? I mean, I've got reliable information that would suggest that he did.    Let me tell you why you're here today is because the employees that work for you have given you an F consistently. And the other thing is what we are not going to put up with is a whole lot of it isn't as bad as it seems. Your particular agency is troubling in that we get the best analysis, you know, I think--I think the ranking member said it was 80 percent of the people didn't have confidence in the leadership. You know, 80 percent of 40 people or 34, depending on which you want to look at, is a significant number, and that's very troubling to me, because it should be very easy to address their concerns. Wouldn't you agree with that, Mr. Ehrlich?    Mr. Meadows. So how are you specifically, other than walking around, which I used to be a consultant. I could--I taught on that particular book, and so--but other than just walking around, specifically how are you addressing these concerns?    Mr. Meadows. Based--okay. You just talked about metrics, and I am going to come to the delegate from D.C., and she's been gracious to not complain, but let me--under what metrics are you saying that they've gotten better? Because I don't--I don't see any. I mean, you just talked about metrics that the GAO--you're going to implement some of those. Under what metrics are they getting better?    Mr. Meadows. Backlog and reports is not employee satisfaction, guy. I'm just telling you it's----    Mr. Meadows. But that's not a metrics, Mr.----    Mr. Ehrlich.--that is employee satisfaction.    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Ehrlich, let me just tell you. I was in the private sector for long time. I did consulting. I did this kind of work on employee satisfaction. And so, you know, when you--I've run into managers like you who said everything's fine. The metrics you have can't be accurate. I've run into it a number of times, and let me just tell you, I'm asking you specifically: What metrics are you referring to that they've gotten better? Not--not stories, not anecdotal references. What metrics? Are there any? Yes or no. Are there any metrics? Yes or no.    Mr. Meadows. What are they?    Mr. Meadows. That's not a metrics, sir.    Mr. Meadows. So what metrics?    Mr. Meadows. All right. I am going to--well, we will have a second round of questions. We'll come back and address that.    I appreciate the patience of the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, and I'll recognize her for a round of questioning. Ms. Norton.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you so much.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Buck.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. You may be running for President. We're ready.    Mr. Meadows. I will----    Mr. Meadows. I will endeavor to work with the gentlewoman from New York, and we'll get that.    I recognize the gentleman from South Carolina for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman for his kind words, and I would debate one particular point in that, the tenacious spirit of the gentleman from South Carolina and the diligence of which he performs his actions are unmatched and unrivaled, and so I thank him.    And I would concur, archivist, you have a near and dear place in our--in many of our hearts, and part of that is because of what is seen, you know, at the place that most of us visit. But it's just as important on the places that very few people visit, that backbone of what is imperative, is key, and so I thank you for being willing to work on that.    Mr. Ehrlich, let me come to you. And I've got a couple of questions.    Mr. Horowitz, is he currently listed as the managing director of CSB on your Web site?    Mr. Meadows. So he is the managing director?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Why was his title changed to--from managing director, to lead investigator of Deepwater Horizon just before our last hearing and now it's been changed back? I don't understand that.    Mr. Meadows. So, you changing it--so it never changed from managing director to that particular title and then back. Is that your testimony here today?    Mr. Meadows. So he carries both of those titles.    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So was that the reason he was moved from SES to GS-15--why was he moved? Why was his status changed?    Mr. Meadows. Why?    Mr. Meadows. Oh. So we're letting him decide what he gets to do?    Mr. Meadows. What about the other 40 employees? Do we let them do that too?    Mr. Meadows. So you're telling me an SES can say: I want to be a GS-15 tomorrow, and that's--the board just says: That's fine.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So what is the status of the search for a new managing director?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So he's going to be it from here on out?    Mr. Meadows. And so as a managing director, would he not have understanding of the employee morale issues?    Mr. Meadows. So why would he not be here today, then, if he has an understanding? Wouldn't he be in a better position than you, Mr. Ehrlich, that you've been a board member for 5 months? Wouldn't he know better than you would know?    Mr. Meadows. So what policies do you believe that are necessary in order to improve performance?    Mr. Meadows. When did you start working on those policies and procedures?    Mr. Meadows. Right. So when did you start working on that? You say you've been working on that. So when did you start working on----    Mr. Meadows. So who specifically's been working on it?    Mr. Meadows. Who heads it up? What's their name?    Mr. Meadows. So should we swear her in for testimony and let her give testimony?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, I'm go to----    Mr. Meadows. It is fine with you? Okay. Well, good. We may come back there.    I'll go to the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Grothman.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Grothman.    Ms. Emerson, I want to come back to you on one issue, and because of the volume of employees that you have and--would it be possible or are you willing, let me put it this way. It's possible. Are you willing to look at exploring of taking maybe a smaller snapshot within the umbrella of DHS to look at performance on perhaps lumping two or three agencies together. I think your testimony was you had 22 different areas of responsibility. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. And so would you be willing to look at maybe putting those and bundling those together where we can start to see the worst of the worst under the DHS umbrella, and I think the GAO can help you on that. Is that correct, Mr. Goldenkoff?    Mr. Meadows. Well, in terms of that benchmark that I asked you for earlier, perhaps let's break that down so that we can look at--you know, give you credit for the good stuff you're doing and maybe focus more emphasis on those other areas because, as you--you know, over 200,000 employees, it gets very difficult. You know, it's like turning a ship. It would be very difficult than what Mr. Ehrlich has to deal with with 40 employees, and so I'm about to go to the gentleman from Missouri, but, Mr. Ehrlich, I want to ask you, who decided that you should be the one to testify here today? Because obviously you were not the one we requested. We requested Mr. Horowitz. So who decided that?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So were--was that in consultation--so your counsel. Was that in consultation with the other board members?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So they were willing to come and declined to come? So is that what you're saying is, is that you drew the short straw?    Mr. Meadows. So if we called them----    Mr. Meadows. If we called them, they will say that they were given the opportunity to come and declined. Is that correct? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. And they declined. Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Meadows. I will recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay.    Mr. Meadows. I would agree.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Missouri.    I recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Maloney, for a closing statement.    Mr. Meadows. Well, today is the start of trying to get at the root of that problem, Ms. Maloney. And that's why I felt like it was important that we held this hearing.    I will say to each one of you I am a tenacious and unforgetting individual. I make notes and I remember things--well, I reread my notes.I don't remember. And I can forget the trash if my wife asks me to take it out.    But I will say this, that I do want you to report back. I do want to see progress. I do want us to not make this a hearing that goes away. Each and every year we will have this. I'm hopeful that the three of you won't be on this list next year and it will be somebody else that we bring in.    But, in the meantime, we will be checking with you.We will be asking--the committee will be asking you for additional information to provide. I thank each of you for your testimony.    But I would be remiss in not thanking the committee staff on both sides, but the committee staff that works so incredibly hard. You know, this goes off like clockwork not because of my preparation, but because of theirs. And so I want to thank them.    And for those that are streaming and that are watching here today, thank you for your service. Thank you truly for being willing to be public servants.    And if there is no further business, without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.