    Mr. Koskinen. It looks like a good year for you.    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you. Chairman Crenshaw, Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Serrano, members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the IRS budget and current operations.    I remain deeply concerned that the significant reductions in our budget over the past 5 years are undermining the agency's ability to continue to deliver on its mission. As you all know, IRS funding has been reduced $1.2 billion over the last 5 years. At the same time, the number of taxpayers has increased over 7 million and the IRS has been given significant additional responsibilities. These include the statutory mandates that we implement, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, and the Affordable Care Act.    The disconnect between our funding levels and our increased responsibilities is illustrated to some effect by the fact that 3 days after our budget was cut by $350 million, Congress passed legislation requiring the IRS to design and implement two new programs by July 1. Implementation of the ABLE Act, mentioned by the Chairman, and the certification requirement for professional employer organizations is occurring while we are in the middle of our most complicated filing season in years. But I would assure the Chairman, we will continue to do our best to implement these two new programs.    In discussing our need for adequate funding, I understand we have an obligation to be careful stewards of the taxpayer dollars we receive, and we must be as efficient as possible. The IRS has, in fact, made considerable efforts for several years to find efficiencies in our operations, both in regard to personnel and in nonlabor spending. Through cuts in office space, contracts, printing, and mailing, we are saving over $200 million a year. We have also made significant progress over the past few years in moving millions of taxpayer inquiries from our call centers and walk-in sites to our significantly updated and improved Web site.    Already this filing season, there have been more than 215 million visits to IRS.gov and more than 3.6 million visits to the section devoted to the Affordable Care Act. We have had over 164 million hits on our ``Where's My Refund'' electronic tracking tool, and more than 11 million copies of previously filed tax information has been obtained online with our ``Get Transcript'' application. In the past, all of these inquiries would have inundated our phone lines and resulted in even longer lines at our walk-in sites. But the efficiencies we have created, even in the limited-funding times we have had, have made significant improvements for taxpayers.    I would also emphasize that we take seriously issues raised about the inappropriate actions and activities in the past. We have done that by making necessary changes and improvements in our policies and procedures to ensure these situations do not recur. We have cut conference spending by over 80 percent. We have established review boards for video productions and training expenses. We have ensured that those who willfully failed to meet their tax obligations are not eligible for performance awards as well as being subject to other discipline.    We are reviewing our hiring process to ensure, to the extent permissible by law, that former employees with prior conduct issues are not rehired. We now require that all contractors maintain the same high standard for tax compliance as employees. And we have implemented the recommendations of the Inspector General with regard to the serious management failures surrounding the review of applications by organizations seeking to achieve social welfare status.    But there is a limit to how much we can do in finding cost efficiencies. This year, we reached the point of having to make very critical performance tradeoffs, which have had a negative impact on service, enforcement, and IT. The funding cuts have also limited our ability to work toward giving taxpayers a more complete online filing experience. We think taxpayers ought to have the same level of service from the IRS that they now have from their financial institutions, whether it is a bank, brokerage or mortgage company.    We have been taking steps to try to close this year's significant budget gap, and one of our major concerns, as you know, was the possibility of a shutdown of the IRS operations later this fiscal year to help close the budget gap. As a result of a review earlier this week, a meeting I had 2 days ago, it is now clear that our elimination of all hiring and overtime, along with cuts in other areas, has generated enough savings that we will no longer need to plan for a shutdown of the agency this fiscal year.    The President's fiscal year 2016 budget request for the IRS, which totals, as noted, $12.9 million, would help the Agency move ahead in all of these critical areas. For example, we would be able to bring our level of phone service up from the current 43 percent to 80 percent. We would also significantly increase enforcement and collection activities, generating over $2 billion more in increased government revenues. And we would be able to take steps toward building a more modern interface between the agency and taxpayers.    I understand and appreciate the concerns raised over the past few years about activities at the agency. But I took this job 15 months ago because I also understand the critical role the IRS plays in the lives of taxpayers and in the collection of revenues that fund the government. I know I speak for the thousands of professional, experienced, and dedicated employees of the agency when I say we are committed to working with you and the other Members of Congress to lead the agency effectively and appropriately into the future. But we need your help and support if we are going to be successful.    That concludes my statement, and I would be delighted to take your questions.    Mr. Koskinen. As I said in my testimony, we are going to do our best to meet the ABLE Act requirements and to get that program up and running. Policy is not our domain, but able is a good law. It will help a lot of people. It is not quite exactly the 529. It is the same framework, but, obviously, we have to determine with Social Security what appropriate disability payments are. We will have to get forms and regulations out. But you are right; it is not something that is brand new. We have already given guidance to the States that they can start developing those plans, and if the final rules vary a little, they will get transition protection. So we are encouraging the States to start working on those plans now.    With regard to the 501(c)(4) regulations, as you know, the previous draft was prepared before I showed up. My position has been from the start that any regulation needs to have several qualities. It needs to be fair to everybody. It needs to be clear and easy to administer. The IG reported that part of the problem that they found when they did their report on the management problems surrounding those applications was that the facts and circumstances test was vague, hard to administer, hard to understand.    Part of my concern has been if you are running a 501(c)(4) or (3), (5), (6) or (7), you need to have a clear roadmap so you know what you are doing. You don't have to worry that someone is going to come in, look over your shoulder and second-guess you. It is very complicated, you are right. We actually had about 160,000 comments. We have been going to great lengths to make sure they all get reviewed and treated carefully.    I have read about 1,200 pages of the best comments on both sides of all of those issues. It is complicated. We are looking at--I say to be fair--application across the entire spectrum. So it shouldn't be just (c)(4)s. We need to make sure, as Congress has legislated in all of these areas, that there is a consistent and appropriate framework for (c)(3), (c)(4), (c)(5), (c)(6)s, 527s.    Mr. Koskinen. Timeframe is, I haven't got a timeframe we are conscious of. I made it clear last year that we were going to be anxious not to do anything to interfere with the 2016 elections. This is a change that will last for a long time. I think it is important for people to understand it, be comfortable with it, understand it is fair. And so our goal is not to do anything that looks like we are trying to impact the next election.    Mr. Koskinen. No. We had hoped actually to have made more progress than we have, but we are trying to make sure that we do it right. I have talked to several very interested Congressmen and Senators and told them we are not planning on surprising anyone. When we move this forward, even as we are developing the final forms, my proposal and plan is to talk to you, Congressman Ryan, Senator McConnell, and others who are interested.    I think people actually may--there has been a concern, on the one hand, that there are people who think all political activity ought to be covered.    Mr. Koskinen. Anyway, so the timing. The answer is I don't have a clear timeline for you. I would like to get it out. It will then have 90 days for comment. We have committed to hold public hearings.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't control the whole process. It is a joint venture with the Treasury Department and the IRS, but we have a commitment that we do not plan to do anything to impact the 2016 elections. It should not be motivated by politics, and it shouldn't impact any particular election----    Mr. Koskinen. As I have said on numerous occasions, we implementation statutory mandates. We are focused on implementing the ABLE Act. We also have other statutory mandates. I know Chairman Rogers noted that we haven't got much funding for the Affordable Care Act. We don't have a choice upon implementing FATCA or the Affordable Care Act. They are all statutory mandates.    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you. I frequently refer to us as having been double sequestered. After the sequester went into effect and cuts were across the board, all the major agencies except for the IRS were restored to their pre-sequester levels. So we operated at the post-sequester level before the additional cut last year in our budget. So we have actually had two cuts while other major agencies are basically at the pre-sequester level.    The impact is 75 percent of our budget is personnel. So as we get cut, we have no choice but to cut personnel. We have lost 13,000 people since 2010. Our estimate is--and part of the way we are dealing with the cut this year--is we are going to lose another 3,000 people. So we will have 16,000 fewer people. That means we have fewer people answering the phones. We are trying to get everybody not to call and try to get them onto our Web site.    We will have, over that period of time, 5,000 fewer revenue agents, officers, criminal investigators. So our rate of audit is dropping. My concern is that it is not just a question of how much money we collect. We collect $50 billion to $60 billion with our own activities. It is, in fact, that enforcement and taxpayer services are two sides of a compliance coin. And what the real number is we should all be focusing on, that I am concerned about, is that $3 trillion that we collect. We are a tax-compliant society, but we are much more compliant if there is third-party information available to us and if people know we are going to use it.    If, as a result of these cuts, we have a 1-percent drop in the overall compliance rate in the United States, it will cost the government $30 billion a year or $300 billion over the 10-year measuring period that people have. My concern about the impact is that it is not a short-term impact--do we answer phone calls quickly enough or not--it is, over time, do the cuts ultimately corrode the compliance atmosphere in the United States in terms of people feeling the system is fair, that everybody is paying their fair share? If people begin to think that, because we are not enforcing the law adequately, some people are cheating, some people are getting away with it, it won't be helpful.    In terms of the budget, one of the things I would stress--I think the Chairman is correct, the comment about giving us a lack of money--our goal is not to go backwards. In other words, we ought not to be looking at this in terms of, if we get funding, we are going to go back to doing business the way we did before. One of the things I said in my prepared testimony, and I summarized briefly in my oral testimony is, we need to look at--and the Chairman is right--is becoming more efficient and trying to go forward.    And one of the things we spent a lot of time in the last year looking at is, what should the taxpayer experience be 3 to 5 years from now? What it can't be is still dealing with us on the phone all the time, having to walk into our sites, trying to figure out the right way to deal with us. People ought to be able to have an efficient way in the digital economy and the digital world in dealing with us the way they deal with their banks and with their financial institutions today.    So, as I say, we are not talking about going to the moon. And it is not as if we don't know how to do online applications. The ``Where's My Refund'' application, the ``Get Transcript'' application, the fact that you can do an online installment agreement means that we have started to move in that direction. And as I have detailed in my presentation on the budget, if we get additional funding, and particularly in the IT area, we will become more efficient.    So my goal is not to say, give us the money and we will add 16,000 people back to the IRS. The goal is, if we can get additional funding and support, we should be able to run the organization with the number of people we have. And we should be able to have better taxpayer service, and taxpayers should be more easily able to contact us. We should be able to help them fix their returns without amendments. They should be able to do it online.    So I think it is really a question--I agree with that totally--of are we going forward rather than looking back and asking how do we get back to where we were. The taxpayer advocate says, we should be doing more preparation of returns in our taxpayer assistance centers. Well, over time, those diminished to about 60,000. Our VITA centers do 3 million returns for people. We ought to move more people into the VITA centers. We ought to move more people online. We ought to get people off the phone, except for those who need to be on the phone because they can't find the answer to their complicated question online.    So my hope is to work with this committee. We need to solve the problems of the past. I couldn't agree more with both Chairman Rogers and Chairman Crenshaw about that. And I hope we are building a record you can see that we are solving those problems, whether they are in the budget language or not. But, also, I hope we can work with you trying to figure out what is the IRS of the future we are trying jointly to build together.    Mr. Koskinen. I agree. I have told the IG and, in fact, our formal response states that we have taken their recommendations.    As the IG noted, in that time period, there were 53,000 employees hired, so the 300 were a relatively small portion of the 53,000. Doesn't mean it isn't an important problem. Part of what it is, is the vast majority of those are seasonal or temporary employees that get hired during filing season. So the volume of people coming through is high.    But we have agreed with the IG that, in fact--and we are working with our personnel people in OPM and our lawyers to make sure that we stay within the law--but we agree. If you have had a prior serious performance or misconduct issue, you shouldn't be eligible for being rehired. As I say, the bulk of those people are temporaries. The time period was 2012, and, in fact, in 2012, we increased our focus on this, and we now agree with the IG that we should review this matter to try to do everything we can to make sure that we don't, in fact, repeat that practice.    Mr. Koskinen. I agree.    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly. In fact, separately from this, there is the issue of tax compliance by our employees. And we have a compliance rate slightly above 99 percent, much higher than any other Federal agency, our employees take that seriously. They understand if you willfully don't pay your taxes, you are subject to dismissal.    And a question has been raised in the past, well, if you are not in compliance with your tax obligations, if you are in that small percentage, you shouldn't be eligible for performance awards. And we have adopted that policy and spread that around the agency. People understand that not only are you subject to discipline, but if you aren't current with your taxes, you are not eligible for a performance award as well.    And I agree with you that we need to--if I were a taxpayer, I agree the people collecting taxes ought to take it seriously and ought to be compliant. And our employees understand that. And I would stress, over 99 percent of them are compliant, and we monitor that every year and with every employee.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, they only pay taxes once a year, so it is a little hard to.    Mr. Koskinen. On the nontax issues, as I said, we agree with that, and we are going to do everything we can to ensure that while it was a relatively small number, the number really should be zero.    Mr. Koskinen. Two things: First, as I explained to this committee last year, when I predicted that if we didn't get the additional money we were requesting, our service level was going to drop, we knew--and it has been true--that we would get a significant number of increased inquiries on the Affordable Care Act since this is the first year that the filing goes through. Secondly, as we advise the committee each year, we have user fees that we collect, subject to OMB review and approval, that we apply. Historically, we have applied somewhere close to $200 million of the user fees to customer service.    Because of the underfunding or the zero funding for Affordable Care and FATCA, the only way we could implement those statutory mandates in the last few years, and particularly last year, was to move a significant part of that support for taxpayer service into the IT accounts because we needed $300 million and got zero. We still left $50 million of those user fees to apply to taxpayer services, but in effect, the taxpayer service account is $100 million less this year than it has been in the past. We have 3,000--over this timeframe, 3,000 fewer people answering the phones.    But I would stress, one of our goals has been to try to become more efficient, try to provide more information and support for taxpayers not on the call service. I think in the long run, the answer to dealing with the call centers is not just more people; it is, in fact, to continue to provide alternatives so that people, in fact, don't feel they have to call. Most of us never call our bank. If you have a question, you just go online, look at your account, make an electronic communication. Airlines now penalize you if you call them for a reservation. They expect that you will do it efficiently online.    We need to get to that same space. I am concerned about taxpayer service, but, again, my point is, we shouldn't just put money into taxpayer service and keep doing business the same old way. As everybody agrees, we need to get to be more efficient and we need to give a taxpayer a better experience than having to wait in line, either for the phone or in our walk-in centers.    If we could get a system to run as efficiently as the private sector does, which is just a question of investment in IT, then the people calling the phones would be the people who really need to be there and our service level would go up even with the same level of employees. So I agree with you. It is not just a question of--and if we have more money--just putting people on the phones. We, at the same time, need to get them the information they need as efficiently as we can. Most people would much rather get it off the Web, download their forms off the Web.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, as an old Kentuckian, for everybody else, I grew up about 5 miles outside of the Chairman's jurisdiction in Kentucky. I share that sympathy. Although, as a Duke guy, you know, I do have these mixed emotions about how this goes.    And then I am looking--Congressman Yoder promised me last year he was going to hang a Kansas flag outside his office on the building, and I don't see that there yet. But it is a great time of year.    Mr. Koskinen. I am having an interesting time in an interesting stage in my career.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. With DOMA, as well as Affordable Care and other issues, tax extenders when they are passed, we have a very active program of reaching out to taxpayers to try to get them as much information as we can about everything. We have tax tips. We put out press releases. We do--I don't know how to Twitter, but we do Twitter. We have YouTube videos. All trying to make sure that it is as easy as possible that taxpayers now understand their circumstances. And, for DOMA, we have done that, trying to explain to taxpayers what the impact of the decisions are.    In short, from the standpoint of processing, if you are legally married and therefore eligible to file a tax return jointly, the filing and the processing of that goes smoothly. So the real issue has been to try to make sure taxpayers eligible to do that understand that. And so----    Mr. Koskinen. That is right. And we have frequently asked questions. Again, we provide that on our Web site. We provide that in our information and our outreach. We have tax forms every year in which we try to make that clear, to make it easy for people to figure out whether they are eligible or not and to answer their questions. The questions are fairly straightforward, and thus far, we have had no indication that there is, you know, unnecessary confusion out there.    We do monitor, you know, what is going on during a filing season and try to pick up on both in our call centers what the questions are that we are getting asked to try to figure out, if people have a recurring set of questions, can we provide them that information not just individually but as a group. So we adjust our Web site throughout the tax filing season. We put out, for instance, on tax scams and concerns about fraud and identity theft, we continue to put out updates.    Mr. Koskinen. On identity theft refund fraud, as GAO reported, we stopped about over $20 billion of false returns. It is a battle right now with organized crime syndicates here and around the world. We have spent as much money as we could find to improve our IT filters and detections, but we are talking about people who are filing hundreds of returns and reverse engineering, trying to figure out what our filters are, and they adjust and then we adjust. And so it is a real battle at a very high level.    Mr. Koskinen. We actually are moving more slowly than we would like, and the budget makes clear the amount of money that would help us deal with this, but even additional investments are never going to get it to zero. We are dealing with organized criminals.    On EITC improper payments, Chairman Rogers raised that point, it is a problem I am very concerned about. Of all the issues we deal with, we made great progress in identity theft and refund fraud. We have made progress implementing the filing seasons so that they go well and we made progress implementing FATCA and ACA. We have not made progress on EITC. We have had a high level of improper payments for 10 years even with all of the things we have tried.    Over a year ago, I said I want everybody who knows anything about EITC to come to my office, and we are going to talk about why is it that we can't make a dent in the problem. And, ultimately, what we came away with is that we need legislative help. We need your help. We need to get W-2s earlier so we can match them up at the front end as well.    We need what is called correctable-error authority. We know when there are errors in these returns, especially compared against our dependent database, but the only way we can make a change under the present law is to do an audit. So we do almost 500,000 audits in the EITC area, but we have 27 million participants.    We know there are hundreds of thousands of additional returns where we know there is a mistake, but we can't change it without an audit, and we simply can't audit our way out of the problem. If we had correctable-error authority, we could make the correction, send the corrected return back to the taxpayer. They could then say, you know, I have really got three kids as opposed to one child, but we would be able to actually move it much farther along.    Mr. Koskinen. It is a complicated statute. So if somebody wanted to streamline the statute, that would help. But what you have is some tax preparers who mean well and simply are making honest mistakes, and you have some tax preparers who are crooks, who are advertising, come with me, and I will get you a bigger refund, and they are consciously filing false returns in effect. I am confident that we will catch some of them but not all of them. We prosecute tax preparers when we catch them doing that. But, again, over half the returns in EITC are prepared by preparers; 28 million of those returns come in and our ability independently to deal with them is limited.    So the third piece of the triangle is we would like to have authority to provide a requirement of minimum competence by tax preparers, basically that they should take continuing education the way lawyers and CPAs do. At this point, anybody can set up shop down the street in a community center and start preparing tax returns whether they know anything about the Tax Code or not. The ones that concern us are the ones in immigrant communities and low-income communities who hang out a shingle and say, Come with me, I will get you a bigger refund than anybody else. And that, obviously, can't be legal.    Mr. Koskinen. I agree.    Mr. Koskinen. If you read, as I am sure you already have, the last part of the testimony, it sketches out--particularly in IT--the changes that we need to make, as I have talked about here. We need to--in fact, as our IT head, who is terrific, says, ``We don't need to be an early enabler; we just have to be a fast follower.'' In other words, we do not need to be at the cutting edge. But we need to get, as I call it, into the 21st century and not still be back in the 20th century.    So a big chunk of the IT expenditures, which are a big chunk of the budget, would be and are devoted toward, as I said, building toward improving the taxpayer experience. In fact, as I noted, if we hadn't made the improvements we already have with sort of a clunky system of, you know, 150 million people asking where their refund is, even if some of those are obviously punching the app more than once, even if it is only 5 million or 10 million or 15 million people, they used to call us. They used to call to say, ``Where is my refund? How soon can I get it?'' I couldn't agree with you more. We need to get more into that area. But you can't get there for free. You have to actually make the investments to go there.    Now, this committee has been very supportive of the business system modernization part of our budget, and it has made great progress. What we are suggesting is that we could, with an increase in information technology, get to a future state, where as I said, I don't think we need to get back to 100,000 employees. But we can't end up with the old technology system and----    Mr. Koskinen. I appreciate that. If you look back in my background, I spent 20 years in the private sector managing some of the largest bankruptcies and turnarounds in the history of the country. And I firmly believe that it all starts at the top. You need to, in fact, affirmatively lead an organization.    I would just conclude by saying, as I have said and I mean it, of all the organizations I have dealt with, this is the best workforce. It is a dedicated group of people who take the mission seriously, particularly the mission of helping taxpayers. But you are right. We can't--and I feel strongly of that--we can't keep doing business in the old way. So my thoughts about the budget are not, gee, we need to build backwards. My thought about the budget is that we need to build forward, and I couldn't agree with you more.    Mr. Koskinen. It is the highest priority we have. We have been fortunate--I will knock on wood--that we have not had a breach. As I have said, there are over 100 million attacks a year on our system. If you could get a hold of a database, ours is the database that would be attractive and people know it is there. So, even in a time of constrained funding, one of the things I have and our IT people have said, we need to do whatever it takes to protect that database. And, to some extent, you always worry about are you buying belts and suspenders and you try to be efficient and careful with the money.    Well, one area where we are trying to make sure that we are doing everything we can with an antiquated system is to protect taxpayer data because it is a fundamental, basic responsibility we have. And so it is the highest priority, and it is one of the things that does figuratively keep me awake at night. I manage to sleep, but it is a concern I have. And as you see the increasing sophistication of the criminals engaged in all of this, you know that it is an ongoing battle and race.    Mr. Koskinen. I have put it in other testimony that we are driving what I call a Model T. It has got a great GPS system and a sound system and we have built wonderful applications, but it is still a Model T. We are running applications that we were running when John F. Kennedy was president.    So one of the limitations--while we have got security, one of the limitations of our budget is that we can't replace old applications--we have about 50 of those applications. We need to replace them and get rid of them, the old legacy systems. When I was the Year 2000 czar for the country, we were worried about the declining number of Cobalt programmers. Those programs I am talking about were designed in assembly language, which preceded Cobalt programming. So we are running a system that most people don't even know how to program.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. We have IT people that have done a great job. We continue to make progress, and again, with additional support, we are not going backwards. If we had the additional support, particularly for IT, we hope to go forwards effectively. But I would add that--I can assure you----    Mr. Koskinen. Well, we are all----    Mr. Koskinen . With our own personal systems--    Mr. Koskinen. Sure.    Mr. Koskinen. It is a challenge. Obviously, in this country, it is more than English as a second language with one language. There are, in some schools in the Washington area, 30 to 35 languages spoken. We translate as much of our Web site we can, not only into Spanish but into other languages. We have employees who are fluent. There are somewhat esoteric languages where it is difficult and people need to have translators to be able to work through it.    We are concerned that a lot of people speaking another language are recent immigrants, are low-income people, and they are the ones most subject to attack by either criminal tax preparers or tax scammers because they are the ones that somebody calls them on the phone and says it is the IRS. They actually get very nervous and are the ones most susceptible to being taken advantage of. So we do our best across the board to publicize that, to warn taxpayers at all levels about phishing expeditions: how you can be taken advantage of; what you ought to be careful about when some tax preparer says, ``Sign a blank form and I will file it for you'' or ``I will get you a bigger refund that you know you are entitled to.''    And so we take that responsibility seriously to reach out to taxpayers to try to make sure that they know what their responsibilities are but also that they get as much help as they can to know what how to file effectively and how to be protected.    Mr. Koskinen. Correct.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. It is the $5.8, in effect, illegal--    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, it is--that is right. We process--we will process this year 150 million tax returns. We have already processed about 75 million, and 60 million of them got refunds. And that's one of the reasons I have said we need to get W-2s earlier. When I got to this agency, I assumed the IRS got the W-2s at the same time we all get them as workers and taxpayers. We get them in March. So we are actually able to match, but it is pay and chase in that regard. We have very sophisticated filters.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, as I have said, we have already--we haven't gotten the W-2s yet, and we have already sent out 60 million refunds. You know close to 80 percent of people get a refund with their return.    Mr. Koskinen. You have got it right. The policy that--the only thing that prevents it, the way we stop $20 billion of that is with a sophisticated set of filters that look at the return coming in. And each year we get better at figuring out which ones look like they are fraudulent. We hold them. We write taxpayers. We ask for authentication. We have fixed part of the problem.    In the old days when we sent out checks, you know, you would get your refund in the summer and well after the filing season. By being more efficient, by getting almost 90 percent of people to file electronically, we tell people we will get you a refund within 21 days. And so for the vast majority of people, that is terrific. They get their refund in January or February.    One suggestion we are looking at is, if we can't get the W-2s earlier to do the matching, the question is, can we actually go to a situation where we don't give people refunds? The problem with holding 60 million, for instance, refunds until we get the W-2s is we would be trying to process them, by the time you get done with 100 million returns, in about a 2-week period and even our system can't do that. So----    Mr. Koskinen. Right. And $20 billion didn't go out because the filters were able to determine that those refunds were fraudulent and, in fact, shouldn't go out. That is one of the reasons I have pushed--and we have gotten a lot of support but not final legislation--the need to get those W-2s in January, not in March. We need to be able to get that----    Mr. Koskinen . 1099s earlier.    Mr. Koskinen. That is law.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. We have filters, without getting into details. Depending where the return comes from, we now can identify devices they are coming from. We have limited the number of refunds that can go to a card so everybody doesn't get totally treated the same way. So if you are filing for a refund from someplace else, we take that into consideration.    Mr. Koskinen. Not at this point. It is just a filter that we use. There is a limit. You can only get three refunds to one bank account.    We can't distinguish between debit cards and bank accounts. We are working with the industry to try to figure out if we could. If we knew it was a debit card, it would be another item that we could add to our filters. And the industry is starting to cooperate with us. And we hope that, at some point, we will be able to use that as an indicator. Right now we have no idea. The numbers are the same. It could be a bank account. It could be a debit card.    Mr. Koskinen. If I could explain. I think that is exactly right. There are 700,000 registered return preparers who have PTINs and can file returns with us. Over 350,000 are accountants, CPAs, and enrolled agents who clearly do a great job. A big chunk of those 400,000 who don't have any certifications or qualifications are educated and mean well and do a good job. But there is a chunk of them at the edge, that unfortunately is larger than anybody would like, who either have no knowledge about the Tax Code at all and are simply winging it or are consciously trying to cheat. And those are the people we, for some time now, do not have the ability to regulate. We spend a lot of time monitoring them. We have thrown some in jail. We look for schemes. But, again, it is kind of a pay and chase. And that is the only reason I think that taxpayers would be better off if they knew that a return preparer filing their return had some minimum level of tax knowledge.    Mr. Koskinen. It takes more qualifications to cut your hair than to prepare your taxes.    Mr. Koskinen. With regard to the delays, virtually all of the organizations that had been delayed were cleared. We did an expedited process. If anybody would simply say they weren't going to spend more than 40 percent of their money on politics, they would immediately be cleared. Actually, the (c)(4)s don't need to be cleared. They can actually self-declare and go out and operate.    So the handful--and, I mean, it is literally a handful, less than 10 or 12 that are still there, a number of them have chosen litigation, which is their right and they can do it. But it has struck me a little ironic that people have said, ``Well, we didn't want to sign the 40 percent. We have a right to litigate.'' And my sense was, well, you can do that, but it is a little hard to argue that there wasn't a path forward that would get you through it.    But we take it seriously. Back to the issue of whether it is in the budget request language or not, my sense is--and I feel very strongly--people need to feel confident they are going to get treated fairly whoever they are. We should not care and we don't care who they are. And as they apply, one of the things about the regulations is the rules ought to be very clear and easy to understand and people ought to see them as fair so that they are not being, in fact, inhibited in their political activities. But they ought to also feel comfortable that they know what they can do and nobody will question them about it.    With regard to the seizures, we had a long hearing a couple of months ago. First, the IRS never had ability to seize anybody's assets on their own. Any time there was a seizure, whether civil or criminal, it had to go to a U.S. Attorney. A U.S. Attorney then had to make an application to a magistrate or a judge. The judge had to issue an order.    Notwithstanding that, last year, after reviewing it and being concerned about this, we changed the policy. And we have done that in the sense that, if you have structured, which is what it is about, if you have in fact structured your deposit in the bank in a way that it causes you not to have to report or the bank not to report transactions in cash above $10,000--so if you keep putting in $8,000 and, in effect, are avoiding the reporting, and that is called structuring--if there is no indication that those funds have come from illegal sources, we will no longer seize them. And we haven't seized them and are not doing that this year at all. And my understanding is Justice is considering that same policy.    Whenever the assets are seized--now they will be seized only if there are indications it is from criminal processes--taxpayers have an immediate right to go to court. They have an immediate right to come to us within 30 days, but they have an immediate right to go to court to contest the issue and, in fact, put the burden of proof on us to demonstrate that, in effect, it is appropriate. So taxpayers are not left on their own, even in the old days. As I say, first, there were restraints on what we could do. We had to get third parties to approve, but in this particular situation now, there is a lot of those that no longer happen. But wherever it happens, taxpayers always have the right--and it has been clear to them--to go to court.    Mr. Koskinen. We are going to pursue that. But in my meeting a year ago when I started with this, it was clear that our biggest problems were the discussions about matching. If we had the W-2 earlier, we could actually match them to our databases. If we could correct the returns rather than having to audit them, we could make a big dent. We are never going to get it to zero, partially because 30 percent of the population changes every year, people move, get jobs, get pay raises, and they are not eligible anymore. But we certainly need to get improper payment down. My sense is, if we could correct the errors we see, we think there are several million returns where we could make an adjustment without having to do an audit. If we got the W-2s earlier, we could match it.    We are not trying to put anybody out of business--but you know, it doesn't seem to me it is too much to ask that you have to have a minimum amount of knowledge about the complicated Tax Code. If you want to change the Tax Code and simplify it, I think that is a great idea. But, in the meantime, those three things are the help that we need from you all. We are going to continue monitoring preparers. We are going to continue auditing people and checking them. But we are not going to be--without the additional statutory support--we are not going to be able to make the dent in the program that we need to make.    Everybody supports the program because it helps people working and it encourages them to get jobs. But we have got to get this problem under control, or ultimately it is going to kill the program. And so we need your help to do that.    Mr. Koskinen. I could tell that by the cars parked outside.    Mr. Koskinen. That is right.    Mr. Koskinen. As I have said, I agree with the Chairman and the Members of the committee, we need to be efficient with the funds we get. If we obtain these funds, you are exactly right. I know we have made it clear, last year and this year as well: If we had the funds, in the short run, we would be able to, in fact, get a level of service on the phones up to 80 percent. People wouldn't be waiting for half an hour to get an answer from us. The hold times would drop. We used to, in the old days, back at about the 2008 time and before, you used to wait for about 2 minutes to get somebody on the phone. Now the waits are 25 to 30 minutes. And it applies to practitioners as well.    As I have said, the practitioner priority line is an oxymoron these days. It takes you as long to get through there as it does on the normal phone line. So it is clear that on both the revenue-producing side as well as the taxpayer-service side, the cuts at some point begin to become negative and very visible and that is really where we are.    The estimate is that with the 5,000 revenue agents, officers, and criminal investigators we will have lost by the end of this year over the past five years, that that is costing us $7 billion to $8 billion a year in audits. But as I said earlier, the concern I have is the combined impact of lowered enforcement and lower taxpayer services. The impact that I am concerned about isn't just about whether we collect more or less. And the Chairman and I will have a discussion about that in terms of what the pipeline looks like. It really is, what is the impact if, as a result of that, you have a decline of 1 percent in compliance and you are suddenly talking about losing $30 billion?    I understand the constraints. I spent 4 years working in the Senate and 3 years at OMB. So the deficit overall is a real issue. Trying to figure out--as I have told our staff--we have to figure out how to get people to want to give us the money and then work with them to figure out how to get that money. But ultimately my concern is that we are not talking about a short-term issue here. At some point, we are going to put at risk the entire compliance system, and that is not an on/off switch. When people get an idea that, you know, the system isn't working very well and they can take their chances, you can't turn that around overnight.    Mr. Koskinen. I was going to say, unfortunately, as we get better at collecting money or tracking down fraudsters, we don't get to keep it. And that is probably right. We shouldn't be----    Mr. Koskinen. That is right. Well, we do collect a lot of money that way.    The point I would make is I spent actually 3 years chairing the Interagency Council of Inspectors General. I am a great supporter and believer in the internal audit function and the IG function.    The IG has a series of reports and does a great job in pointing out where we could be more efficient. GAO does the same thing. The Taxpayer Advocate. We have a lot of people giving us suggestions. We take them all seriously as we go forward.    All three--the Inspector General, GAO, and the Taxpayer Advocate--have said, notwithstanding all of that, the budget of the IRS is substantially underfunded and puts taxpayers and the system at risk. So they have all said there are things we could do, and we are continuing to try to do them. Office space is one. We have cut 1.8 million square feet. We have more people telecommuting. Telecommuting turns out to work very well and efficiently, and we need to do more of it.    We have a standing rule right now, if a lease comes up, it doesn't get renewed automatically. We take a look at, and ask, is there a way not to renew it. We just, in midtown Manhattan, saved $4.5 million a year by not exercising a lease and moving people into other space.    So I think you are exactly right. And I agree with the Chairman. We need to be as efficient as we can. And when somebody comes up with a suggestion, rather than being defensive, my view is, if it is a good idea, we just ought to take it. And the fact that we didn't do it last year or 2 years ago shouldn't mean we shouldn't do it going forward.    So I read the IG reports regularly. I read our responses to make sure that we are not ducking out on those. Some of the issues have been about hiring employees, who the IG noted, had prior performance records. I told our people, that is exactly right. We shouldn't do that, and we are actually going to change that.    But, ultimately, as I said, we save about $200 million a year now that we didn't used to save because of space and contractors and others. And if we could move that to $300 million, I would be delighted. But the gap is bigger than all of those efficiencies. But my point is----    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I can't take the $5.8 billion and if I get it down to $2 billion, take some portion of that----    Mr. Koskinen. I need to talk with you more about this.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, first of all, we try not to reveal too much regarding audit selection. But the bigger you are, the more likely you are going to be audited. Major corporations are under constant regular audit. And so we have an audit plan, and we look at what the impact is. If we only wanted to collect money, we would simply audit the biggest corporations and the most wealthy individuals. But that would mean--because the preparers are pretty smart, everybody would understand, if you are below this threshold, you can do whatever you want because they are not auditing you. So that is why we audit low-income people and middle income people as well.    So, first of all, we don't ignore corporations. Our pass-through issue is a subject to have a long hearing about. Again, we need authority.--The TEFRA rules that were great 30 years ago don't apply now because the problem we have is not small partnerships. It is the partnerships with over $10 million in assets and 100 partners. We have 5,000 that have over 1,000 partners. Some of the partners are partnerships. And what it takes to get through all that to conduct an audit means that most of them don't get audited. It is a big problem. And, again, there is a legislative fix that is a Treasury Department proposal that we hope will get enacted that would allow us to balance that out.    Because I agree with you, we need to be fair across the board. No one should feel that they are out from under and that they are never going to hear from us. On the other hand, as I said earlier, if you hear from us, you should hear from us because of something in your return. You shouldn't hear from us--you shouldn't have to worry that you went to some meeting, you wrote an op-ed, you belong to a particular party, that is why you are hearing from us.    Even with our constrained resources, we will do over a million individual audits this year. And my concern is everybody should understand those are selected automatically because of something in the return. I don't want anybody feeling that somehow they were picked on because of who they are or what they do outside of filing their tax returns.    So your concerns are appropriate, as I say. On the partnership passthroughs, it is a fascinating problem. More and more organizations are forming as passthroughs rather than as C corporations. So the volume of business being done at all levels in partnerships, Master Limited Partnerships, et cetera, is growing. And it is, at this point, growing beyond our ability to effectively keep track of it.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, as you note, if you go back to who was around at that time and you start at the top, the entire chain of command is gone. So we have new people, the Commissioner at the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division who is running that Division, the Deputy Commissioner for Services and Enforcement and the Commissioner. And you make a good point, the entire Exempt Organization Division of the IRS is about 900 people. Even with the cuts, we have 87,000 people total at IRS.    So again generalizing from a management problem that shouldn't have happened and it was a mistake and it has created concerns that I share, but saying that that exemplifies what the other 86,000 employees are doing obviously doesn't help. But we are dedicated to making sure that the situation doesn't occur again. We do work very closely with the Inspector General. As I said, I view internal audits and oversight and ideas from third parties as important. We are trying to build a culture in the IRS where every employee views themselves as a risk manager and knows my view that bad news is good news. The only problems we can't fix are the ones we don't know about. And as I said at my confirmation hearing, it would be nice to say we will never have a problem, but obviously, it is a complicated code. We deal with almost every American, and we have 87,000 employees.    So my commitment is, if there is a problem, we will find it quickly, we will fix it quickly, and we will be transparent about it. And part of the problem in the whole (c)(4) issue has been, you know, some lack of transparency. And I don't think the system can survive with that. So my view on all of these questions, whether it is seizures or hiring employees with problems, is we need to deal with it, if the facts are there. We shouldn't be arguing about the facts. We should be deciding what are we going to do to fix that problem. And I want people to be comfortable that when a problems arises, we are going to take it seriously, we are going to fix it, and we will be transparent about it.    Mr. Koskinen. We get the quarterly returns. I am not sure whether we get all that subset detail. In fact, one of our problems is to try to make sure we get the quarterly returns.    Mr. Koskinen. I always preface my comments by saying tax policy is the domain of the Treasury Department, the White House, and the Congress. We are in the tax administration business.    Having said that, I am a great believer in tax simplification. I agree with you, when all of us are using preparers to file our returns because we are not confident we can do it ourselves correctly, the Code is too complex. I thought Congressman Camp was right that the Tax Code is bigger than the Bible with none of the good news. I have told him for a year, I am going to give him credit, and then I am stealing that quote.    But I think it is totally right, and I have nothing against tax preparers. They provide a great service. But some taxpayers ought to be able to have an idea that the Code is simple enough that you can not spend--the amount of time--it has been estimated we spend 6 billion hours of time filling out our tax returns. If you think of the intellectual capital, you have to be smart to be a tax accountant, tax preparer, or tax lawyer. If you think of all the intellectual capital spent just trying to figure out what the right amount to pay is, and if we put that intellectual capital to some other use, it would be a great thing for the country. So whatever we can do to help tax simplification, we are delighted to do that.    Mr. Koskinen. We would have 60 million who already got their refunds calling us and saying, whose idea was that?    Mr. Koskinen. Yeah.    Mr. Koskinen. Right.    Mr. Koskinen. We have actually--because I have said we need to start from scratch. So we have looked at that in terms of what the impact is.    Part of the problem is, it is not just a question of more IRS employees because the filings really are electronic. If we get 100 million--you know, it is about 100 million to 110 million out of 150 million are going to get refunds. If we put them all into that last couple of weeks, the system simply won't be able to----    Mr. Koskinen. Well, because if we don't get the information until the end of March and filing season deadline is April 15, we don't have a large window of time. But we are----    Mr. Koskinen. We actually have looked at that and are considering, is there a way to, in fact, delay refunds, and what is the impact on taxpayers? Part of what happens is, of the 80 percent getting refunds, a group of them who are middle- and upper-income people, do it primarily because it is a pain in the neck to write a check in April and you would rather just get a refund.    A larger group of people getting that refund, it is the biggest check they get all year. And they are acclimated now, at least used to, in January and February to have it. They are paying for rent or other expenses. Now, even having said that, if you got everybody acclimated, then, instead of being February, it is April or it is May, you have a tough year and then you would have everybody--every 12-month cycle would go that way. And we have actually looked at--it is somewhat draconian for people who expect that. We have to pay interest if we haven't given you your refund within 45 days of April 15th if you file a timely return. But even that, at today's interest rate, isn't very much.    So we have continued to look at, are there ways to modulate or adjust. Recently, this week, there was a survey in the Wall Street Journal that they reported on and it said, well, you know, the majority of taxpayers say they would be happy to wait a while for their refund if that meant that they were less likely to be subject to identity theft.    So it is part of this package of, okay, how do we deal with this, again, recognizing that we are fighting a battle with very sophisticated criminals with very high-tech equipment? And so, you know, delaying refunds is something that we are going to have to look at.    Even if we get the W-2s by the end of January, it means, by definition, you are not going to get them, your refunds--you know, filing season usually starts January 20th. So there is going to be a delay built in, even if we had the information returns earlier. The advantage of getting the W-2s earlier is we could spread that delay out over a period of time, which would be much more manageable.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Like half.    Mr. Koskinen. Yeah.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, it is a policy decision that actually is made by the Treasury Department in terms of where it goes. Obviously, we have had other programs where you have a transition year. In fact, we have even talked with the States, you know, if you get your program not quite right, you can have a transition time. So the idea for the 50,000 has been made clear, this is a one-time this-year-only issue.    But the point you raise is a good one. If there are other corrections in 1095-As, you know, what do you do with that? You can make a policy decision, but one problem is the administration of it in terms of, you know, you can complicate our processing issue enough that you actually put it at some risk. But those issues are, fortunately, affecting a relatively small amount, about 50,000, out of the 75 million who have filed. The other 750,000--there were about 800 to start with--have been advised and they are apparently waiting. They are going to get their corrected form--just like you get a corrected W-2, and they will file their return with the correction. But it is clearly possible there are going to be other errors.    We have encouraged taxpayers to look at their 1095-A and make sure that it corresponds with their experience. And some of them will, obviously, at some point, find an issue. I think the Treasury concern was this was a, you know, not a mistake the taxpayers made. It was a mistake by the government. And so, you know, if you have already filed and the differential amounts generally are relatively small, we shouldn't give taxpayers that burden.    But I think the point is a good one that if there are going to be other, you know, 2,000 people here and 1,000 people there, in some sense, our view is that we need to administer the Tax Code in an orderly way. And I think Treasury is sensitive to that.    Mr. Koskinen. That would help. That would help.    I would note, just a response to that, as I have talked to our employees about it, one of the ironies but good signs is, when there is a program and there is an attempt to do something, a lot of times people give it to the IRS because the assumption is the IRS will do it. And it has a history--it has got a great workforce. It has really got, as I said, a dedication to the mission that is reassuring and amazing to watch. But it hasn't escaped me over time, including the ABLE Act and the Professional Employer Organization requirement, that people are comfortable and confident--if you give us a responsibility, we will do whatever it takes to try to get it done, even in constrained resources.    And I think that is important for the public to remember that, with all the appropriate discussions about are we doing it right, are we being efficient, there is a confidence that if you give us a responsibility, we will take it seriously. And we won't make a judgment; such as do we like this or don't like it? If you say to do it, we will do it. And I think it is important for taxpayers to sense that degree of confidence in the agency because ultimately it goes back to my real concern, as I say, people have to be comfortable and confident in the system if the compliance rate is going to continue and the process will be continued to be viewed as fair.    Mr. Koskinen. Right.