    Chairman Kline. A quorum being present, the committee on Education and the Workforce will come to order.    Well, good morning. Welcome to our guests. We have a very distinguished panel of witnesses today, including the First Lady of the Commonwealth of Virginia, Mrs. Dorothy McAuliffe.    Mrs. McAuliffe, we are delighted to have you with us this morning as we discuss important policies affecting our nation's students and families.    Healthy meals are vitally important to a child's education. It is just basic common sense that if a child is hungry, then he or she is less likely to succeed in the classroom and later in life. That is why our nation has long invested in services to provide low income students nutritious meals in schools. Those services are authorized through a number of laws, such as the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act and the Child Nutrition Act.    In just a few short months, these laws and the programs they authorize will expire, including the National School Lunch and Breakfast Programs, the Supplemental Nutritional Program for Woman, Infants and Children, or WIC program, and several others.    It is the responsibility of this committee and Congress to reauthorize these programs so that students and families receive the support they need in the most efficient and effective way. Why is that important? Because no child should go to school hungry. It is that simple.    Today's discussion is not about whether we agree on this basic principle; I am confident we all do. Instead, our discussion today is about beginning a larger effort we will continue in the coming months to ensure the best policies are in place to help us reach this goal.    Last week, I had an opportunity to tour a school lunch room at the Prior Lake High School in Savage, Minnesota. Students and faculty described what's working and what isn't working in federal nutrition programs.    As a result of our conversation, two important realities are abundantly clear. First, our school nutrition professionals are dedicated men and women doing the best they can under difficult circumstances and no one should question their commitment to providing students with nutritious meals.    Unfortunately, rules and regulations put in place in recent years have made their jobs harder, not easier. The cost of the lunch and breakfast programs for schools are going up, yet fewer meals are being served. In fact, the number of children participating in these programs is declining more rapidly than any period over the last 30 years.    Second, as we reauthorize these programs, we have to provide more flexibility at the state and local levels. Those working in our schools and cafeterias recognize that this has to be a priority. Even students understand the urgent need for more flexibility.    During my visit to Prior Lake High School, I talked with a number of students about their school lunch program. Right now, the federal government determines the number of calories, vegetables, and grains that are served to students, which means Washington is dictating how much food every child is served at every school meal. This is one reason why the students in this school are urging the school to drop out of the program.    Many children are bringing food from home or buying more food because the portion sizes served at school are too small for a full meal. As one student, Perina Svigem noted, ``A lot of times, we are going back and getting junk food, not healthy food.''    This isn't what these children want, this isn't what their parents and school administrators want, and it is not what we want either. We have to find a better way forward, one that continues our commitment to providing nutritious meals for America's students while giving state and school leaders the flexibility they need to make it a reality.    That is why we are delighted to have you here today, Mrs. McAuliffe. Through your work, you are demonstrating that promoting healthy lifestyles is not just a federal priority, but a state and local priority, as well.    Often we are told we need more federal involvement because states can't be trusted to help those in need. But through your leadership, you are showing states can take the lead on tough issues in partnership with the federal government.    Again, I would like to thank all of our witnesses for participating in today's hearing, and working with us to strengthen child nutrition support.    With that, I will now recognize the committee's ranking member, my colleague, Congressman Scott from the Commonwealth of Virginia for his opening remarks.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, gentleman.    Pursuant to committee rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. And, without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    I will now turn to introduction of our distinguished witnesses.    And I recognize Mr. Brat to introduce our first witness.    Chairman Kline. Thank the gentleman.    It is a pleasure to have you with us today.    Now my pleasure to introduce Ms. Julia Bauscher. She is the president of the School Nutrition Association and the director of School and Community Nutrition Services for the Jefferson County Public Schools in Louisville, Kentucky.    The Jefferson County Public School system serves an average of 36,000 breakfast and 60,000 lunches each day across 145 locations. Under the leadership of Ms. Bauscher, the school system has implemented Farm-to-School, breakfast in the classroom, and at-risk supper program and, as it is eligible for community eligibility provision, has begun to implement this option, as well.    Welcome. Glad to have you with us.    And I now will recognize Mr. Scott again to introduce our next witness.    Chairman Kline. Thank the gentleman for the introduction and Mrs. McAuliffe for being with us here today.    I will introduce today's final witness. There is no pejorative in that, you know. We are glad to have first witness and last witness.    Dr. Kathy Krey is the director of Research and assistant research professor with the Texas Hunger Imitative at Baylor University in Waco, Texas. In her role with Texas Hunger Initiative, Dr. Krey oversees a diverse portfolio of research and evaluation projects on food security topics. Dr. Krey and her team measure and evaluate existing food programs with the goal of conducting advocacy and outreach to the community about the effectiveness of such programs.    Additionally, Dr. Krey serves as an adjunct faculty member focusing on research methods and community sociology.    Welcome, Dr. Krey. We are glad to have you here.    I will now ask our witnesses to please stand and raise your right hand.    Let the record reflect the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    Please, be seated.    I can't ever expect a day when they wouldn't but there we go.    Before I recognize you now to provide your testimony, let me briefly explain our lighting system, which I know has been explained to you before but now you see the little boxes there in front of you.    You have 5 minutes to present your testimony. When you begin, the light in front of you will turn green. When 1 minute is left, the light will turn yellow, and when your time is expired, the light will turn red. At that point, I will ask that you wrap up your remarks as best as you are able. I don't think I have ever gaveled down a witness for going a little bit too long in their statement. We want to hear what you have to say. But I do ask that you try to wrap up as best you can.    On the other hand, I have gaveled down more than one of my colleagues for going past the 5 minutes because we want to try to give everybody a chance to participate, get their questions. Many of them, like me, have been visiting schools and we have got a lot of questions. So, please do the best you can on that little clock deal.    And, now, we will start. I will recognize Mr. Storen.    You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Mr. Storen.    Ms. Bauscher, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Ms. Bauscher.    Mrs. McAuliffe, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you very much.    Dr. Krey, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Dr. Krey.    Thank you to all the witnesses for your testimony.    We will move now into a discussion, into questions. I will start, and I will be put on the clock.    In my ever futile efforts to get my colleagues to contain themselves.    Ms. Bauscher, this is kind of a strange question with what I think is an obvious answer, but with all the rhetoric that is out there, we ought to get this straight.    You represent an awful lot of professionals. Are there any school food directors actually looking to serve unhealthy meals?    Chairman Kline. Exactly. And, yet, we do have a lot of discussion and we are trying to figure out what federal policy we need in place that allows these directors to serve healthy meals. I mentioned earlier, Mrs. McAuliffe and I had a brief discussion before we started the hearing.    I visited a school in my district, you have suggested that all of my colleagues do that, and I would concur. And I went to their cafeteria and I was there at lunchtime and I watched how it worked. It was a very well-organized program. But this school is actually contemplating dropping out of the federal program and just operating it on their own. This idea came from kids, and so I sat down with four students, exceptionally bright kids, they are all kids to me, young men and women in the high school and they spoke highly of healthy meals. They even talked about how they liked the fruits and vegetables. There was some discussion about broccoli but, in general, they really liked that. They just want the meals to be bigger and better. And they really did a lot of research, these four kids, and they pointed out some, what I think are just crazy examples.    There was one young man sitting there, a senior, getting ready to go off next year on a football scholarship and play football. And his portion was exactly the same size as the kid who weighed probably 100 pounds less and was not going off to play football. So they had some consternation there and the kids thought, this is a fairly well-to-do school, the kids have money, and so what they are doing is just buying other food.    So they are getting the healthy meal but then they are going and buying more food because they are not getting enough to eat before they go off to football practice or to gym practice or something like that.    So the school is actually considering dropping out of the program. Have you heard of other schools who have either left the program or are considering leaving the program because of the constraints?    Chairman Kline. I have used the word and hear the word used many times, flexibility, that you and your professionals need more flexibility. What does that mean to you?    Chairman Kline. Thank you.    My time has expired. I failed in my first test here.    Mr. Scott, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. We both failed miserably, so, now I am cracking down on the rest of you.    Mr. Thompson, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Okay, thank you, gentlemen.    Mr. Hinojosa?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Guthrie?    Mr. Guthrie.--so I am right next to you. It looks like I don't have enough time but I was in Europe at a NATO meeting, and one of the Europeans were saying, you know, the problems in America with your hunger is not what you just said, Mr. Storen described as obesity.    Well, I just lost my time.    So I was just kind of wondering if it was an access to food or proper food. I am out of time. He is going to gavel--    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Fudge?    Chairman Kline. Thank you, gentlelady.    Mr. Rokita, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank the gentleman.    Mrs. Davis, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Gentlelady's time is expired.    Dr. Heck?    Chairman Kline. You are my hero. Thank you.    Chairman Kline. Ms. Bonamici?    Chairman Kline. Gentlelady's time has--    Chairman Kline. Mr. Brat?    Chairman Kline. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Kline. Well, you had 7 seconds to go there.    Mr. Courtney, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Without objection.    Chairman Kline. Gentleman's time is expired.    Mr. Grothman?    Chairman Kline. I am sorry; the gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. DeSaulnier, I think you are up.    Chairman Kline. You also are my hero.    Mr. Allen?    Chairman Kline. Thank you, gentleman. Another hero.    Mr. Polis?    Mr. Polis.--because families that have not participated in the school lunch program because the kids are vegetarian or the family wants food from a salad bar, they are the ones that are opting in, giving the school districts more resources along with it. And I think that is what we can accomplish nationally to improve the viability and the efficiency of school lunch programs across the country.    And I think that is what we can do by raising the federal bar, and I hope that we renew our commitment to healthy and nutritious school lunches across the country, which I think is consistent with the fiscal viability that you indicated in your testimony.    And I yield back the balance of my time.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman for yielding back his time, however how much of it had expired.    I now recognize the ranking member for any closing remarks that he may have.    Chairman Kline. Without objection, we will include them all.    Chairman Kline. Gentleman yields back.    I want to add my thanks to all of you, a great panel. It really has been very informative. We are dealing with I think sometimes a very confusing subject.    Mr. Grothman brought this notion up in his questions when he talked about, wait a minute, we talking about obesity here or we talking about hunger, we talking about malnutrition, we talking about wealthy schools, poor schools. We are talking about all of these things and it hard to get the policy right. This is a first and important step.    One of my colleagues said, well, it is okay for some wealthy schools to drop out because this isn't about wealthy schools. Wealthy schools have poor kids, as well. And this isn't just about poor kids and wealthy kids; this is about all of our kids.    So we have got a pretty big job. I very much appreciate the input that all of you had. I have been sitting here contemplating what a whole grain tortilla would actually taste like and I am guessing not that good. So we have got our work cut out for us; we are eager to do it. We very much appreciate your help here today.    There being no further business, committee stands adjourned.