    Mr. Pomerantsev. Thank you very much for having me here.    Russia's information war--we have been hearing these words a lot lately. Russia has launched the most amazing information warfare blitzkrieg we have ever seen since Supreme Allied Commander General Philip Breedlove after the annexation of Crimea.    We are losing the information war, complained the British head of the House of Commons' Culture and Media Committee as the Kremlin international media was launched in London.    Information war is now the main type of war, argues Dmitry Kiselyov, the infamous Russian TV presenter and Kremlin media boss who also likes to remind the world, and it shows, that Russia can turn the USA into radioactive ash. But what do we mean when we say information war?    Because if we mean propaganda as mass persuasion, propaganda in the sense of some sort of geopolitical debate where each side tries to convince the other it is right, well, then we don't understand the real threat of the Kremlin's information war at all.    To understand what it actually is, let us go back to 1999. Back then, Russian Defense Minister Marshal Igor Sergeyev admitted the Kremlin could never match the West militarily and needed to find, in his words, revolutionary powers and asymmetric responses to compete.    Look at it from the Kremlin's point of view. NATO is undefeatable on the battlefield. The West has a much stronger social and political system--democracy based on openness and competition.    But what if the Kremlin could bypass NATO militarily, make war without ever, officially at least, firing a shot? What if it could use the very openness of democracy's open markets, open culture and, very importantly, open information against us?    So over the 21st century, Russian military theorists developed a theory of what they called information psychological or hybrid war--a mix of media, economic and cultural warfare with a dab of covert military action.    We saw an early example of this is Estonia in 2007 when Estonian authorities decided to move a Soviet war memorial from the center of the city. Russian media, which is very widely available in Estonia, went into a frenzy, accusing the Estonians of fascism.    Russian vigilante groups started riots in the center of Tallinn. A massive cyber-attack disabled Estonia's Government and banking sectors.    Moscow was sending a message, despite membership of NATO and EU, that Estonia and all other frontline states were still vulnerable and the Kremlin could cripple them without giving Estonia a chance to invoke NATO's Article 5.    The aim was not just to humiliate Tallinn but show that Western and, specifically, American promises of security are empty and once the NATO alliance has been undermined and American influence weakened, then the Kremlin will have a stronger hand to play around the world.    Since 2007, the Kremlin's information psychological strategy has expanded. The Kremlin is now bankrolling and lending political support to both far right and far left parties in Europe while using open markets to make whole countries dependent on its money and energy.    Unlike their Soviet predecessors, this regime will work with anyone as long as they help create stability in their home countries. The Kremlin is also putting out its message in multiple media 24/7.    Russian language media reaches 30 million Russians outside of Russia, a lot of them in EU and NATO states. The Kremlin has invested hundreds of millions into foreign language media.    Russia Today (RT) broadcasts in English, Spanish, German and Arabic. There is the web and radio service Sputnik, while the Kremlin also funds troll farms, regime-funded companies who spread messages online in social media and comment sections.    Conspiracy theories, disinformation and fake news are a staple in these media claims that the U.S. invented Ebola as a weapon or re-editing interviews with Ukrainian rabbis to make it seem contrary to what they actually said, that there is a threat to the Jewish community in post-Maidan Ukraine, or even planting stories that the Rand Corporation is advising the Ukrainian Government on how to ethnically cleanse east Ukraine.    The ultimate aim of the Kremlin's international media is not to make anyone like Russia. It is not PR or necessarily engaged in fact-based journalism.    Instead, information is used to sow divisions, demoralize and disorganize--to weaponize information. After Malaysian Flight MH-17 was shot down over eastern Ukraine by Russian missiles last summer, Russian media spewed out scores of outlandish stories, blaming Ukrainian fighter jets, claiming the plane had deliberately taken off from Amsterdam carrying dead bodies.    Their aim appears to have been to trash the information space with so much misinformation that a conversation based on actual facts would become impossible. This is not merely an information war but a war on information.    If the very possibility of rational argument is submerged in a fog of uncertainty, the public will give up trying to understand what happened. Trust, the key ingredient of democracy, is destroyed and the strategy is working.    Recent research in Ukraine and the Baltics shows that audiences exposed to both Russian and local media end up not trusting anyone. In Germany, 43 percent do not trust anything they read on Ukraine.    Throughout Europe, conspiracy theories are on the rise and in the U.S. trust in the media has declined. The Kremlin may not always have initiated this phenomena but it is fanning them.    And I would like to finish with the fact it is not just Russia and the Kremlin doing it. The Chinese are starting a similar tactic in Asia. We see how ISIS works in the Middle East.    This is a global problem. Thank you.    Mr. Pomerantsev. This question--you have hit on one of the key issues here, which goes--takes us all the way through the problems at stake. They are not fringe anymore, these groups. We are talking about a France where Jean Marie Le Pen's far right party is surging in the polls.    We are talking about a Hungary where Jobbik, the far right party, is rising, rising. We are talking about 20 percent of parliamentarians in the European Parliament having what we used to think were fringe, very pro-Russian views.    Among the people who vote for these parties there is a lot of people who believe in conspiracies because they are working on a similar thing.    Conspiracies happen when people don't trust the institutions around them, don't trust Parliament, don't trust media. Everyone is lying to you? Then there must be a shadowy hand. So the Kremlin is in this loop.    It is pushing out more conspiracies to fan that audience. They are funding these parties. You know, we know that the Kremlin is funding Jean Marie Le Pen in France. These are not fringe parties.    This is actually now becoming the mainstream and this is very, very frightening. Conspiracy is--what is conspiracy? Sort of a linguistic sabotage on the infrastructure of reason.    You know, you can't have a reality-based discussion when everything becomes conspiracy. In Russia, the whole discourse is conspiracy. Everything is conspiracy. When a genuine opposition person like Alexander Navalny emerged in Russia, the first thing the Kremlin does?    He is one of ours--he is a conspiracy as well. Don't believe in him. Sort of about destroying belief in anything. When you have no believe in truth then you can't believe in anything.    But also more insidiously than that, look, our--I am going to get very grand now--our global order is based on the idea of reality-based politics.    If that reality-based sort of, you know, base is destroyed then you can't have, you know, international institutions and international dialogue. I mean, I remember a quote from, I think, a Franciscan monk after the Second World War.    He is, like, lying is not a form of communication. It rids people of their right to live in reality and makes reality-based politics impossible. This is a very insidious trend.    Mr. Pomerantsev. That is a lot of questions. So, listen, I just read a very interesting study of Estonia where actually got into the weeds of who believes what, right.    So there is a certain amount of the population who just watch Russian TV and they buy the Russian lie. The message has been changing. First, it was a fascist revolution. Then it was a NATO conspiracy.    Now it is the Ukrainians who are the fascists. It is always changed and changing. It is not about establishing a truth. It is about coming up with crazier and crazier stories, which are meant to be emotionally engaging.    The Russian deputy minister for communication openly says that truth in journalism doesn't matter. It is all about, you know, coming up with fantasies that are powerful.    So the message changes but, you know, it is clear. It is the West's fault. Ukraine is a zone of chaos. Russia is a zone of stability. That is a very big one. You know, like, Russia equals stability, Ukraine equals chaos.    Everywhere that America goes equals chaos and so on and so forth. So there is some interlocking narratives but they shift. But what is interesting in Estonia--so there is a small percentage of people who just watch that and believe in it.    A bigger one and a more active one, the younger people, watch both Estonian and Russian. But they don't just end up not believing in anything.    They just end up completely confused and completely passive and so this really challenges some old ideas that if we could just get the truth out there like in the Cold War we will win. It is a much more intricate challenge nowadays.    We have to not only get the truth out there, we have to win trust, which might mean a much cleverer and deeper and actually sort of more thoughtful form of programming to make.    As for European countries, it is a real mix. The frontline countries are, obviously, very alarmed because for them it is an existential threat. Britain is aware. Germany is aware.    I think as you go further and further they care less and less, and some countries are far more interested in their financial relationships with Moscow and don't perceive Eastern Europe maybe as their problem. But hopefully that is shifting.    Mr. Pomerantsev. Well, I will take it first if that is okay.    I mean, I think--I think actually once upon a time we actually intuited the right idea when--you know, when the BBG had Radio Liberty, had Radio Svoboda--the Russian branch of     The concept worked there, which is the right concept, as surrogate news. Not us believing in the truth. That is always--you know, if you've got ``America is evil'' in their heads you are not going to believe anything.    Mr. Pomerantsev. There is going to be wall there. So it is about going to local issues, finding local voices, local access and it is not just about truth.    I really is about developing a different level of what journalism is. It is almost like the methodology because there is--look, Ukraine, Moldova, you have got oligarch channels, you have gone--you know, it is like one--do you think Fox News is a bit--is a bit sort of, you know, slangy and truthiness? There it is crazy.    You know, like that is--what they lack is not another opinion. There is a lot of bullhorns there. What they lack is that central pillar of education and understanding of how you, you know, think rationally, critically, what evidence is.    So it is both education and this kind of tradition that Radio Svoboda represents and it still represents--it is just so underfunded--of finding local voices who, you know, spread that culture. So I think that is the secret. It is going local and much deeper.    Mr. Pomerantsev. Just to be clear, we were talking about different bits of Ukraine so my colleague is talking about the Ukraine bit that is occupied by the Russians. I was talking about the rest of it, which is pretty chaotic as well in other ways.    Mr. Pomerantsev. I think--I think that is--I haven't researched that place myself but I think that is quite openly--from as far as I know and can recall right now is quite openly an extension of the Kremlin. I think they do stuff like publishing America's human rights problems.    As Mr. Rohrabacher said, you know, we all have faults so let us just play that game. Much more troubling in many ways is that because there was such--a little bit of a collapse in the funding of Russia studies after the Cold War--there is a famous New Yorker cartoon with a homeless man standing on Fifth Avenue with a little--you know, a little board saying ``Give money. I am a Russia expert''--so there was a collapse in funding and the Russians kind of stepped into that breach.    So a lot of intellectuals were kind of drawn toward that. There is the Valdai Forum, which is a very, very clever little operation where, you know, the world's Russia experts get treated like royalty to get to meet Putin once a year and that is sort of like subtly--they know they are being spun but they are still being spun.    There is a game going on there. So it is really about us. We collapsed our funding for Russia studies and, you know, the Kremlin could step in. It is very important to have. The Kremlin understands the values of intellectuals. Stalin understood it.    Lenin understood it. They understand the virtue of having these sort of higher up people. More obviously is their recruitment of former statesman Gerhard Schroder, who works for Gazprom, who has become, you know, Putin's spokesman in Germany in many ways.    In Britain, we have the phenomenon of the Lords on the boards, so various peers who, on the one hand, politically they are just in the House of Lords. On the other hand, you know, they are all working for Russian companies, and they are against sanctions against Russia.    So co-opting elites--intellectual elites, sort of public figures, is very much part of their plan and I think it is actually sometimes more dangerous than RT because RT is kind of out there. We see it.    You know, it's like, whoa. This is stuff happening that where we don't quite see it and in a way far more--far more disturbing.    So to pick up on one thing that you said, that it is not new, disinformation is as old as ``The Iliad'' and the Trojan Horse--greatest disinformation operation ever. But there is new things going on.    Firstly, the intensity--the information age. The intensity of technology makes the power of technology so much more pervasive and can do so much more with it. We have created this beast called the Internet. We are only just understanding how powerful it can be.    So that really changes the intensity of propaganda that you can do. Also, look, there--I mean, you weren't here at the start. I tried to explain a bit of Russia's idea of information and psychological war.    They see this as the war of the 21st century, a war where you kind of defeat another side in the realms of perception, economy, culture without ever actually invading them--just by breaking a country without ever--without ever having sent troops across.    I gave the example of Estonia. That is different. That is a new idea of war. Usually, you know, the Clauswitzian idea of war is, like, you know, war is a continuation of politics. Politics ends, you have a war, you go back to peace.    This is permanent war, you know, and information and psychological war is permanent, it is endless subversion, endless destabilization. It is a complete rejection of the idea of globalization as a win-win rules-based system where we all agree to profit from each other and it is an idea that integration is actually a way to mess with the other side endlessly.    So we always ask what does Putin want. He sees the 21st century that is going to be like this--endless subversion, disinformation, economic manipulation--and he might be right. I mean, there is a great study of the Chinese three-way warfare in Asia where they are doing something very similar using legal, media and psychological warfare to bully the Philippines and other neighboring states.    They don't do it toward us. You know, they wouldn't. They just do it toward people they've had. ISIS has come up several times. The age of information is becoming the age of disinformation and sort of in the 21st century wars might be decided by whose story line wins, not what happens on the ground.    It might not even matter anymore that NATO has the biggest troops. All that the Russians have to do is make NATO look ridiculous by subverting Article 5 and then the whole narrative edifice comes crumbling down.    So there is something new going on. We are all trying to work out what it is. But I look at other people studying this and I can see we are all coming to similar conclusions.    Mr. Pomerantsev. No, sir. Maybe I was unclear. No, no. It is spreading within the far right, which is now mainstream in Europe, in France, Hungary----    Mr. Pomerantsev. In France----    Mr. Pomerantsev . Hungary, Slovakia. Those are the countries that have been studied and these parties are becoming mainstream. The people who support them are into conspiracy theories because, you know, they are into the far right----    Mr. Pomerantsev . Because they don't trust media government so they are drawn toward conspiracy theories.    Mr. Pomerantsev. I just don't know the details of that. But this is a global problem. I mean, globalization generally has led to a breakdown of trust. We can't tell is our Government in charge. You know, everybody feels insecure.    A butterfly flaps its wings in China and a town in Michigan goes bust. So we all feel insecure. We all feel that those old bonds of trust are creaking a little bit and conspiracy theories are the result.    That is what I mean. The Kremlin can see what is going on in Europe and the world. That is why it plays on conspiracy theories. They are not being stupid. They can see this is rising everywhere and they are trying to feed it.    In Europe they even fund the--you know, it is a cycle. They feed the conspiracy theories and then fund the parties who represent that constituency.    You know, you have got a nice little thing going on. You know, this is--this is--the Kremlin thinks it is on the right interpretation of history.    They think this is the way the 21st century is going to be--chaotic with no idea of stable reality, no stable global institutions and in that context the country or the state or even the non-state actor who can be the most subversive, who can lie best and be the most kind of, you know, the most subversive--there is no better word, sorry--that state will win.    It is a rejection of 21st century based on kind of rules and institutions. They are saying don't believe anyone--don't believe your institutions--just follow the, you know----