    Mr. McGovern. Well, thank you, Chairwoman Walorski, for holding today's hearing, and I want to thank all the witnesses for being here. I am happy to see a familiar face in Barb Petee from The Root Cause Coalition. I look forward to hearing everybody's testimony.    Incentives for maximizing Federal nutrition programs is a relatively new area of policy, and one that I think holds a lot of promise. Through programs like SNAP EBT at farmers' markets, the Seniors' Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, and the WIC Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, we can get more bang for our buck with our Federal nutrition dollars. And there are a number of creative initiatives happening all over this country that are worth focusing on.    I am impressed with the growing body of research that is looking at hunger as a health issue, and food as medicine. When I was growing up, my grandmother always used to say an apple a day keeps the doctor away. I wish she was still alive to tell her she was right. But we know that hunger can exacerbate underlying medical conditions like diabetes, heart disease, and cancer, and can result in life threatening complications. Not only that, hunger can result in more trips to the emergency room, and more hospitalizations, which only increase health care costs all across the board. But hunger can also be one of the most treatable health conditions. We have the resources, and we know the solution. We just need to connect the dots, which is where these incentive programs come in.    I have had the pleasure of working with Gus Schumacher, who served, first in the Clinton Administration, and then in a variety of capacities, and currently at Wholesome Wave. I have seen firsthand the way his organization has been able to leverage Federal dollars to double, and even triple, fresh fruit and vegetable purchases at farmers' markets for seniors and low-income families. It is really impressive. And we ought to be thinking about how we can expand these incentive programs even more.    During our Subcommittee hearing a few weeks ago, we heard about the growing problem of hunger among veterans and military families. Why not create a Veterans' Farmers' Market Nutrition Program? Veterans could get vouchers at their local VA clinics to purchase fresh fruits and vegetables. And, in addition, why not encourage VA clinics to hold farmers' markets at their facilities? These kinds of incentives programs are not only good for consumers, but they are good for the farmers who grow the food. They are economic drivers in the local economy, and have a positive multiplier effect. We heard that firsthand from farmers in yesterday's Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research Subcommittee hearing. And there is also good data emerging showing that incentive programs can lead to real savings in the long run, in terms of improved health outcomes, higher educational attainment, and increased productivity in the workforce. Nutrition incentive programs are a sound investment, and I look forward to today's conversation, and again thank you all for being here.    The Chairwoman. Thank you, Mr. McGovern. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin testimony, and to ensure there is ample time for questions. The chair would also like to notify Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were here at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of arrival. I appreciate Members' understanding.    Witnesses are reminded to limit their oral statements to 5 minutes, and there is a countdown clock in front of you. All of the written statements will be included in the record. So I would now like to welcome our witnesses to the table. Dr. Oran Hesterman, CEO, Fair Food Network, Ann Arbor, Michigan. Dr. Ashton Potter Wright, Bluegrass Farm to Table, Office of the Mayor, Lexington, Kentucky. Kathleen Kiley, Crossroads Farmers' Market shopper, and current SNAP recipient, Washington, D.C. Eric Cooper, President and CEO, San Antonio Food Bank, San Antonio, Texas. And Barbara Petee, Executive Director, The Root Cause Coalition, Washington, D.C.    Dr. Hesterman, please begin with your testimony when you are ready.  STATEMENT OF ORAN B. HESTERMAN, Ph.D., PRESIDENT AND CHIEF     Mr. McGovern. Well, thank you very much. Let me thank you all for your testimony, and also thank you for all of the work that you do, and all the advocacy. This is all very, very inspiring, and we all appreciate all that you do. We know that hunger and health are inextricably linked. We know that hunger and food insecurity is associated with higher rates of depression, cardiovascular disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, and other physical and mental health conditions. And we also should know that food assistance programs, such as SNAP, save money in the long run by improving educational and health outcomes. Quite frankly, I am one of the people who believes that the benefit we provide is inadequate, and we need to do better on the Federal level in terms of that.    But the private monies and the innovation that you have all brought to this are very, very encouraging. Incentive programs like the ones that you are involved with rely heavily on a strong Federal partner. You have a commitment to SNAP funding to ensure that low-income individuals who are eligible for SNAP get the benefit that can then be used in your programs. But, I remain--I say this at every one of these hearings--I am deeply concerned about where we are going as a Congress on all this stuff. I am worried that we may be headed down a pathway that could do significant harm to SNAP, that we might consider proposals that would fundamentally change the basic structure of SNAP, and/or cut the benefit dramatically. Can any of you comment on the impact that a cut to SNAP would have on your programs? Would your programs be able to survive if Congress would fundamentally change SNAP, or cut it? I am open to anybody.    Mr. McGovern. Mr. Cooper?    Mr. McGovern. I appreciate that. I raised the point just to put everybody on notice that moving down a pathway to reduce the benefit, or somehow re-imagine this whole program is not a good idea. We need charities, and we need private monies, and we need these partnerships, but they can't make up the difference. We need a strong Federal partner in this if we are going to do this right, and I appreciate all your testimony. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. Mr. Crawford, you are recognized for 5 minutes.