    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Director Cordray, thank you for being here today. And I want to first start off with following up on a couple of conversations we have had in the interim here, from the last time you were here, with regards to a letter that we asked you to put together and you agreed to write and sign. And it was with regards to making a statement to your examiners, not going after illegal businesses doing illegal business, to allow the marketplace to decide the viability of a business.    And through the course of conversations, you sent us the letter, finally. And I asked you at the time that we finalized this if you were going to disseminate that letter to your examiners to let them know that this was your policy.    And so my request--or my first question today is, did you disseminate that letter?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Well, my staff was talking to your staff today and they indicated that it didn't happen.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. That has to happen, Mr. Director. If that doesn't happen, then there is no reason to have the letter. The letter going out to the staff indicates your position with regards to, basically, Operation Choke Point means something that you support and that you allowed to happen or continue to happen.    If that letter does not go out, as a policy from your office, then we have grave concerns. I have a bill to stop Operation Choke Point. We do not have you included in the bill yet. But if there is not going to be a dissemination of information to examiners, I certainly think that we are going to put you in there.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I asked you if it was your policy to do this and you said, ``No,'' so I said, ``Therefore, you should be willing to put that in a letter to your examiners,'' and you said, ``Yes.''    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. And I asked if you would be willing to send that letter as policy statement out to your--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Well, you just did. It is in your policy now.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. And you are not going to tell your staff about your policy?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. --it is really clarification and the procedure--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I would think that would be a normal process.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. With regards to Choke Point, the FDIC in January, as a result of the oversight reform report--which indicated that there is a political as well as a value judgment going on within that agency with regards to the examiners and how they implement the termination of accounts and their process with regards to the banks they oversee--changed their procedures to match the tenets of a bill that I put together with regards to requesting, that when they request termination of an account, they will have it in writing, number one, cite the legal reason that it needs to be terminated and have that approved by a regional director.    My question to you today is, are you willing to do the same?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. They had a list up of the activities that were reputational risks to banks. That list has since been taken down. And now they have, as a result of our discussions with them, put together a memorandum that they--and they had a conference call with the entire examiner staff as well and all of their examiners now receive this memorandum, as well as the banks, indicating this is a new process, and the procedures and protocols they are going to put in place.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. Thank you. One quick question while I have 30 seconds left here with regards to, you said on FSOC, and they have designated now three insurance companies, the last one being MetLife.    Can you tell me exactly why you believe that an insurance company is a systemically important institution? What other--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. From CFPB's point of view though, sir, what is your criteria that you used to make sure that people believe in your judgment that they are systematically important.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. You represent the Bureau on the FSOC--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.