    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for your time today and your testimony. Really appreciate it.    General Holmes, wanted to follow up on the discussions on the A-10. Last cycle you stated--or the Air Force stated--there was a savings of $4.2 billion to divest in the A-10. And today you said $4.7 billion, and then another time $4.9 billion. Can you just confirm what the number is?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am. Thank you. The number is $4.7 billion, is what we are bringing this year.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    General Holmes. $4.2 of that is O&M savings and $500 million of it is cost avoidance on wing upgrades.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you. And can you confirm that this is primarily a budget decision, and not a capabilities decision?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you. And can you, just for everybody's awareness, give a rundown of a typical combat load of the F-35, standard combat load?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am. When the F-35 reaches its initial operation capability, it will have the capability to carry internally two air-to-air weapons and two air-to-grounds weapons. When it--it will have the radios and the digital communications to be able to communicate with folks on the ground. When it reaches its FOC , then it will have the ability to carry heavier JDAMs , to be able to carry the SDB II , to fire its internal gun, and be able to carry external ordnance on the wings, as well.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. And so internal and external ordnance on the wings would be a standard combat load at FOC?    General Holmes. At FOC, yes, ma'am. It will have that capability depending on the threat. And if the threat allows it to, then it can carry ordnance on the outside as well under the wings.    Ms. McSally. And how many bullets are in the gun?    General Holmes. I think it is 250. I would have to----    Ms. McSally. I think it is 180, actually. That is one trigger pull on the A-10, just so you know. And we got plenty more that--and the standard conventional load on the A-10, I am sure you know what this is. I mean, we got over 1,150 rounds, plus a variety of other weapons that we can carry.    So if you--I mean, if you had the resources, do you agree that there are situations, combat situations on the ground that the A-10 would be best suited in order to save lives?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you. And then switching to the EC-130. So that--you know, the Air Force is divesting in the A-10, EC-130, both stationed at Davis-Monthan and both in my district. I won't take that personally. But obviously, I am concerned about--concerned about losing that capability.    So you mentioned in your testimony, but I just want to confirm the plan or the desire is to cut the fleet basically in half this fiscal year. But can you confirm, is there another capability in our Air Force that can do what the EC-130 does?    General Holmes. There are areas where the EC-130's capabilities overlap with other capabilities that are there. But there are certainly things that only the EC-130 does or that the EC-130 does best.    Ms. McSally. Right. And the EC-130s right now are deployed both to Afghanistan and in the fight against ISIS , correct?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. Great. And so we have nothing to replace it for some unique capabilities they have. They are deployed at a pretty high rate. You know, they have been deployed continuously for a long period of time, yet we are going to cut that capability in half.    Is there anything in development that is going to be replacing the EC-130?    General Holmes. We are considering some options to do that. As you know, we are embarked on a program to upgrade our JSTARS and replace the JSTARS aircraft. Depending on how that program goes, we think it might offer some options for a re-hosting of the EC-130 electronics, as well. We are looking at options where we could take the existing electronics from the EC-130 and re-host them on another platform that would offer some performance advantages and be cheaper to operate in the future.    And we will kind of see how that JSTARS program goes, and then see if we are able to adapt that approach to some of our other weapon systems.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thank you, sir. Do you--can you give me the number of what savings you project you would have by cutting the EC-130s in half this fiscal year? What is that number, do you know? You don't have to--I mean, if you could just get it to me, I don't need it right now.    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am. It is roughly $470 million across the FYDP.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. If you could give me the fiscal year 2016 number, that would be great.    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. So I am sure you can appreciate that we have said there is a unique capability that the EC-130 brings, that we don't have another capability yet. We don't have anything necessarily under development to replace it, yet we are cutting it in half. I mean, can you--do you appreciate that that logic is concerning to those who want to make sure that we can protect the warfighters that are deployed?    General Holmes. Yes, ma'am, I do. And our problem is that I don't have enough money to do all the things that I would like to provide for warfighters. And I have to make decisions within that. There are many areas that I have limits placed on where I can go to achieve savings, particularly in capacity, from Congress and from the Department. And so I am limited in the places that I can go when I have to go to capacity to save money.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thank you.    I yield back.