    Ms. Speier. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And thank you to our panelists.    Recently, there was a study that shocked me and probably many of my colleagues, that the child abuse among members of our military is much higher than the national average. We are going to have a hearing on that, I believe.    But I am curious what is being done within the various services in terms of providing specifically mental health services in child abuse cases.    Colonel Place. So, ma'am, one of the things that we are looking at at JBLM is that very fact. We actually have a higher-than-expected rate of domestic violence in our units. So General Lanza has charged several of us to figure out what to do about it and----    Ms. Speier. I am talking about child abuse.    Colonel Place. Yes, ma'am. I am talking about domestic abuse of all sorts, both spouse as well as child.    Ms. Speier. Okay.    Colonel Place. And, with that, we use our Family Advocacy Program principally in order to identify families and get them into care.    We also have a Child and Family Behavioral Health System that we use. We have resources specifically identified to assist with that particular problem, along with all the other behavioral issues that we have for young children.    Ms. Speier. Anything else?    Captain Freedman. Congresswoman, aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune, we are a partner with the Marine Corps Community Services that, in addition with our Navy Medicine assets, provides training and resources so we can get to the prevention of this problem.    We have embedded MCCS family life counselors that enter our clinics, as well, to make sure there are seamless handoffs for cases that are too significant or clinically important for the Marine Corps Community Services to handle so there is a seamless transfer there.    So there are training opportunities and, I would say, embedded partnership with our other services.    Ms. Speier. I guess what I am asking is, to me, this is a crisis. It appears that, if it is seven times higher, I forget what the figure was, but I think it was something like seven times higher than the national average, we have a problem, and what we have in place isn't enough.    So I guess my question is more about are we redoubling our efforts, are we doing anything differently than we have been doing.    Colonel Heimall. Ma'am, I think we are always looking for opportunities to change how we are doing and deliver the care that is required to intervene in these cases better than we have in the past.    And the parallels within our child and adolescent psychiatry community, as well as the adult behavioral health community for the offenders, is how do you develop programs that meet the needs of the victim, change the behaviors of the offenders, and get at the root causes of what is leading to the abuse.    Some of it requires criminal prosecutions, and those are run through our service-level detachments. Again, these commanders have the authority to prosecute that within their own ranks. We run ours through Army, Navy, and Air Force at Walter Reed.    But my biggest concern in my current role is how do I get the emotional and clinical support to the victims, to the support system around the victims, and if the behavior from the offender is related to something like a combat experience or other traumatic experiences, how do we get help to the offender as well.    Ms. Speier. The issue of chronic traumatic encephalopathy is real. I have been doing some work with Dr. Omalu, who is the coroner who really exposed the issue and the impact that it is having on football players. He has also now looked at the brains of veterans and has developed a technology of being able to do MRIs and do the screening on living persons.    And it would appear that within the military we have a serious issue relative to CTE. And I am wondering to what extent we have done anything to start to screen those who are serving who suffered sub-concussive or concussions and what steps we are taking to try and address that.    I am running out of time, so maybe, if you can't answer it in 21 seconds, you can do so----    Captain Freedman. Congresswoman, our Intrepid Spirit Concussion Recovery Center has partnered with Team TBI and the University of Pittsburgh to share resources, to share data, to share best practices. So I think this initiative may open up some doors to be able to help our warfighters and then address this problem.    Ms. Speier. All right. I would like to talk to you further about it at some point.    Thank you.