    Ms. Seymour. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to participate in today's hearing to examine the cybersecurity of third-party contractors. I am happy to be here with you today to share OPM's experiences in the important area of cybersecurity.    As the Chief Information Office of the Office of Personnel Management, I am responsible for the information technology that supports OPM's mission to recruit, retain, and honor a world-class workforce. Director Archuleta tasked me with conducting a thorough assessment of the state of IT at OPM, including cybersecurity. Director Archuleta's goal, as laid out in the OPM Strategic Plan, is to innovate IT infrastructure at OPM in a way that protects sensitive information entrusted to us by the Federal workforce and the American people.    OPM and its contractors are under constant attack by advanced persistent threats and criminal actors. These adversaries are sophisticated, well funded, and focused. In an average month, OPM thwarts almost 2.5 billion confirmed attempts to hack its network. These attacks will not stop. If anything, they will increase.    While we need to focus on how to prevent attacks, we know from the NIST cybersecurity framework it is equally important that we focus on how to detect, investigate, and mitigate attacks. In the past year, OPM and some of its contractors became the victims of cyber attacks. Throughout the process of analyzing the breaches, OPM worked closely with the US-CERT at DHS, the FBI, and other agencies. We also worked with the Office of Management and Budget, the CIO Council, and the Privacy Council. OPM followed OMB protocols, informing the agency response team investigating the incidents, and making notifications.    We learned there were significant differences in our ability to understand and respond to these attacks because of the way sensitive information is exchanged, because of technical architecture, and because of the contractual relationship with the company.    The way in which the Government shares sensitive information with the company is important to understand. In one case, company-owned laptops connected directly to the OPM network; in another case, company-owned laptops connected to the company's network and then to OPM network. If laptops connect directly to the Government network, it is easier to assess their security posture and limit the exposure of the sensitive information.    The architecture of the network is important because it provides a framework for how sensitive information is stored, accessed, and exchanged, and it defines the boundaries for protecting the network. If the network is well defined and the data is segregated, it is easier to protect. A well architected network also makes it easier to investigate incidents. And, of course, network logs help us understand what might have happened during an incident.    When the Government has a well-defined relationship with a contractor that specifically addresses information security and incident management, it is easier to work with the company to obtain information and plan remediation efforts. As a result of lessons learned this past year, the agencies have collaborated with the help of OMB and the Office of Federal Procurement Policy and the CIO Council to share lessons learned. This includes contracting clauses that strengthen our relationship with contractors.    For example, at the onset of the contract, a security assessment serves as a method to review the security features in place to protect sensitive information. This assessment should be validated by an independent assessment organization. But this only provides a prospective of the security posture at a point in time. An information security continuous monitoring program is essential to enabling insight into the security posture of a system on a recurring basis.    Director Archuleta recognizes cybersecurity as an agency priority. OPM's 2016 budget request included $21 million to complete the modernization of our IT infrastructure. This funding is critical to continue the progress we have made so far in protecting data from relentless adversaries. For example, OPM is implementing information security continuous monitoring both in our own network and systems, as well as our contractor systems.    We look at security controls on a rotating, more frequent basis, identifying vulnerabilities in real time given the changing nature of threats. Plans of actions and milestones are created and tracked to remediate concerns. OPM has also grown its cybersecurity capability, which will allow us to do onsite technical inspections of contractor networks in the future.    Thank you for this opportunity to testify today. I am happy to address any questions you may have.    Ms. Seymour. We are seeing an increase, sir, and I would say some of that is due to the fact that we are moving from paper into IT, and as we do that, more of that sensitive information----    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for the question, sir. I think that as we look at the motivations of these adversaries, I think we have to keep in mind that there is a holistic state of protection that we have to put in place. Some of our adversaries are just interested in the data and, in fact, they don't want to destroy the network because they want to set themselves up a way to come back in and get data in the future. Some of them it is just malicious, not for financial gain on themselves, but for denying access and causing the company or the agency a great deal of expense.    So we have to look at security from infrastructure perspective all the way through to our applications and we have to look at it from a user-based perspective as well as to the advanced persistent threats that we have.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for the question, ma'am. What we learned from those breaches is it is important to have a contractual relationship that is well defined with those contractors. At OPM we had very well defined contract clauses in our contracts, and that helped us have a better conversation with the contractor when the breaches occurred.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, ma'am. We have done two things. One is we have reviewed our contract clauses to strengthen them, and the second thing that we are doing is we are reviewing all of our contracts to make sure that we have the appropriate clauses across the board in our OPM contracts.    Ms. Seymour. Clauses that require segregation of data. One of the lessons that we learned is that if you have a network where all the data is commingled, then it is very difficult to protect the data, to segregate the data, understand what the adversaries are about and, therefore, protect that information. If the data is well architected and segregated, you have a better chance of understanding what the adversaries are after and putting better protections around it in a very quick manner.    Ms. Seymour. At OPM, ma'am, we don't assign attribution. So I would have to defer to other agencies who do that kind of work.    Ms. Seymour. First of all, KeyPoint has made numerous changes in their network and we are assessing those changes. OPM, as well, has made tremendous strides in its security and changing the architect of its nature.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. Seymour. You put firewalls between your systems so that you can better separate and better protect the information so that when you understand what the adversaries are after, you can strengthen your controls. We also have worked very hard on training for our users. Regardless of the security controls that you have in your network, one phishing attempt and a user clicks on a bad link and contracts malware is very dangerous.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for the question, sir. Again, we are doing a holistic review of our contracts to make sure we have the appropriate security clauses in them. We have also strengthened those clauses. We have also enhanced our technical capability to do onsite inspections with contractors, and that is a program that is evolving in OPM, and we plan to start that this year.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, there absolutely is. We have a very well articulated process that we are moving to for continuous monitoring, as opposed to taking an every three year look at security controls on both our Government networks, as well as the contractor networks.    Ms. Seymour. I can tell you from OPM's perspective, sir, what we have done is implemented security appliances so that we don't allow random mobile devices to connect to our network. So all of our mobile devices, my mobile device, is controlled, and there is encryption on the phone so that, if I lose it, my network operation center and security operation center can invalidate that device, wipe the data from it, and it is encrypted while it is on the phone. So those types of appliances and tool sets that we can install on our network are very important; they track every device that is on our network.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir. It is very important to understand what is connected to your network, how it is connected to your network, and what the security controls are on those devices that are connected to your network.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir. That is one of the issues that we work through. If it is a Government-issued phone, then we have much more control over that. If it is a privately owned phone and bring-your-own-device type of environment, then we have to work through other issues about we may confiscate that phone or that mobile device for a security incident response, as a for instance.    Ms. Seymour. I don't know if I would couch it that way. There are controls that we put in our networks that prevent the bulk download of email, like to a private account. But clearly because of the way we communicate with the private sector and others, if I wanted to forward an email from my work account to my personal account, I may be able to do that in certain networks. But we also have ways of white-listing or black-listing certain addresses that you can't forward things to.    Ms. Seymour. We would make them use the Government system, absolutely.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for the question, sir. Some of the protections had to do with the architecture that the Government is using versus the architecture that USIS was using. Most of the Government's data is in a mainframe, and in USIS they were in a distributed more modern environment. The adversaries in today's environment are typically use to more modern technologies, and so in this case, potentially, our antiquated technologies may have helped us a little bit.    But I think also it comes down to culture and leadership, and one of the things that we were able to do immediately at OPM was to recognize the problem. We were able to react to it by partnering with DHS and our agencies, their partnering agencies to be able to put mitigations in place to better protect the information.    Ms. Seymour. Yes, sir, some of them can be expensive. Some of the appliances that you put on a network, firewalls and different software to separate data and to protect it so that it recognizes good traffic in the network from potentially erroneous traffic in the network, those can be expensive. They are expensive sometimes to implement and then sometimes expensive to operate and maintain.    Ms. Seymour. What I would offer, sir, is, yes, you can save money by not implementing security, but it is a temporary savings because these vulnerabilities and the breaches that we suffer are expensive to remediate.    Ms. Seymour. The Government was able to negotiate with USIS to allow US-CERT to scan their network and uncover some of the vulnerabilities and propose remediation steps for USIS. We were limited somewhat in our ability to scan the network, or US-CERT was limited in its ability to scan the network, again, because of the architecture of the USIS network, so US-CERT was given permission to scan two of the subnets of that network that they identified.    Ms. Seymour. It is difficult. Again, the way the network was architected. I can give you an example, if I might. If you ask me to physically secure an apartment building, but you only allow me to go into two apartments, I can't tell you what is in those other apartments. Clearly, they are part of the building that you have asked me to secure.    Ms. Seymour. Okay.    Ms. Seymour. We were not able to go to the boundaries of the network, sir.    Ms. Seymour. I am not privy to any of that information, sir. I have no knowledge.    Ms. Seymour. I can't answer that, sir, on behalf of USIS.    Ms. Seymour. Within my own agency, sir?    Ms. Seymour. Yes, I do. I have excellent leadership with Director Archuleta, and I do feel I have appropriate authority.    Ms. Seymour. Again, I would defer to the contracting officer and I would work with the contracting officer to make sure that the appropriate clauses are in there, and that would guide the discussions that we would have with the contractor.    Ms. Seymour. I think that there are a lot of questions there that we would probably engage with the contracting officer and legal counsel. I would like to take that question and get you a more complete response because I think there are a lot of factors there that play into that.    Ms. Seymour. Thank you for the question, sir. We work very closely, I work very closely with Mr. Scott and the CIO Council. I think that that is an avenue where we can share ideas, share lessons learned, where we can, by any other title, whether it is CIO, Director of IT, any other title, where we need to come together and share and put in place policies that we can then implement throughout the Federal Government. I would say that the Federal Government is probably more complex and diversified than most private sector companies, so I think that we have to work together across these sectors.    So in that construct we can, and we also need to make sure that we are not just working within the CIO Council, but that we work with the other councils as well, the Chief Acquisition Officer Council and the Chief Human Capital Officer Council. And when you get the proper C-suite folks together, you really get a lot of knowledge, expertise, and leadership to move our efforts forward.