    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, General Campbell. I can tell you that when we went to see General Ghani he was so terribly appreciative of your efforts and all the efforts of our military and our support personnel. It was absolutely incredible.    I was also happy to hear from President Ghani that--of his relationship with the University of Nebraska at Omaha, and the--Tom Gouttierre and the Afghan studies program, which has been going on there for over 30 years. So I was glad to hear that.    And I want to thank Congressman Wilson, who is the chairman of our Emerging Threats Subcommittee, for his leadership, and also my two colleagues, who--it was an immensely important opportunity for me and I think our district to see what was going on.    Obviously we went to Jordan and Iraq and to Afghanistan, so we got the entire picture, in a way. And Congresswoman Stefanik I think asked a critical question that I was left with is--you know, we have many fewer members of the armed services in Iraq and--than we do in Afghanistan, and for historic reasons and for reasons that you have discussed.    Could I just ask you to comment just a little more on this situation? If the ISIS situation becomes more--it already is very dangerous, but where more troops from the American side are necessary, or whatever the eventuality may be, could you just comment a little bit more on that interrelationship?    President Ghani did talk about what you suggest, that they are observing, watching. He talked about his Pakistani--his openings to Pakistan and his discussions with Pakistan, which seem very, very positive.    But this threat in Syria and Iraq, which is growing and--but were contained to a certain degree, it is the same Middle East area, so how do you--again, could you just comment a little more on that interrelationship? What if it becomes more difficult for the Iraqi forces to be successful in their country? Thank you.    General Campbell. Sir, I can't comment on the Iraqi forces; I can comment on the Afghan forces. And again, they have--the senior leadership of the Afghan police and army have told me on several occasions that, you know, they will not let what happened to Iraq happen to Afghanistan. They are very determined about that, have gone out of their way to tell that to me as, you know, that question has been raised in many different instances with them, and as they talk to their leadership, as they have talked to the President.    The President brings this up, though, because he wants people to understand that the environment in Afghanistan continues to evolve. It is a dynamic environment and he doesn't want his forces to become complacent. He wants them to understand that what happened in Syria and Iraq and this network can jump stages of growing to this network, and that it evolves very, very quickly.    And so I think he just wants to make sure that his forces, his intelligence services are taking a look at everything and making sure that it doesn't get a foothold inside of Afghanistan and continues to spread. And he can be helped with this association with Pakistan because they have the same issues there, and I think that relationship and understanding that they have a common enemy that they can work toward together will help them.    So I think that they are looking at this very hard. He gets several security updates a day, and the Daesh or the ISIL piece continues to be on his mind.    But in the National Security Council meetings that I sit in he has all the senior cabinet folks in there, that is a point of discussion in most of them. But I think they view it as a potential threat and ensuring that they have a strategy as we move forward, and I think they will--that will continue to evolve over time.    Mr. Ashford. Thank you, General.    And I would yield back my time at this point. I had a question about Pakistan I am sure it will be asked and answered, so thank you.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Zinke.