    Ms. Kadeer. Good afternoon, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Member Bass, and members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to be here today, and I am grateful to you for inviting me to the hearing on the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act.    And I cannot speak English, so, therefore, I prepared a written statement, so my assistant Omer Kanat will read my statement to you.    I am very honored to be here today, and I wish to express my profound appreciation to Representative Smith for inviting me to testify. Representative Smith has been a champion in Congress for those who suffer from human rights abuses and has spoken out on behalf of the Uyghur people.    The Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 was a commitment to defend universal human rights standards, to hold egregious human rights violators in Russia responsible for their acts. The U.S. Congress should be praised for passing this historic legislation on human rights, and President Obama should be commended for signing it into law.    The Magnitsky Act highlighted the profound injustice surrounding the case of Sergei Magnitsky and demonstrated that proactive measures targeting human right abuses can have immediate results. Therefore, the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act is an important milestone in the protection of human rights worldwide. Applying the Magnitsky Act universally to include all officials, not just Russian ones, who order or commit gross human rights violations is critical and urgently needed.    Across the globe, people are in dire need of the kind of protection of the Global Magnitsky Act will afford. State officials who engage in egregious human rights abuses often rob their citizens of public money and invest it overseas. It is right to deny these officials access to the United States' financial apparatus and the territory of the United States.    In China, the Uyghur people face massive, systematic, and human rights violations on a daily basis. This pattern of human rights abuses has long been in place. The annual reports of human rights practices in China issued by the U.S. State Department have detailed a broad range of rights concerns regarding Uyghurs, including enforced disappearances; jailing of political dissidents, journalists, and Webmasters; repression of independent religious leaders; forced abortions; destruction of cultural heritage; restrictions of movement; tight controls on freedom of expression, particularly on the Internet; marginalization of the Uyghur language in education and society; pressures exerted on foreign governments to deport Uyghur refugees; and targeted surveillance.    Since Xi Jinping became China's President 2 years ago, human rights violations of the Uyghur people have intensified. Excessive force and extrajudicial killings are a feature of a Chinese state's security approach to the region. The disproportionate use of force during house-to-house searches, at security checkpoints, and during peaceful demonstrations have led to state-initiated violence. Credible allegations of state violence in Hanerik, Elishku, Alaqagha, and Siriqbuya merit further investigation.    Furthermore, the Chinese state's persecution of Uyghur academic Ilham Tohti and his students demonstrates the highly vindictive and paranoid nature of the Chinese regime. Using legitimate and peaceful means to initiate a meaningful dialogue with the state on the deplorable conditions facing the Uyghurs, Ilham Tohti was targeted by the Chinese authorities and sentenced to life in prison in a legal process that was highly politicized.    The expansion of the Magnitsky Act to apply universally to all officials who have directed, ordered, or committed gross human rights violations will show strong American leadership to protect the fundamental human rights of all people around the world. If this act becomes law, it will have a profound ripple effect, because mere listing some of the most well-known human rights violators in authoritarian states like China will send a powerful message to low-ranking officials that their criminal actions will not be immune to international scrutiny, condemnation, and consequences.    International scrutiny is imperative to achieve tangible results in human rights. My case is example of what can be done when human rights violators are publicly named. Without international pressure and concern, I could have been tortured, or even killed, in prison. However, not everyone is as lucky as me. Many Uyghurs face cruel and unusual torture and punishment in the Chinese prison system every day.    Enacting a Global Magnitsky Act will protect the fundamental human rights of the oppressed and save the lives of many peoples, including the Uyghurs. They will be grateful to the U.S. for taking an important step in the global protection of human rights around the world.    There may be concerns that such an act will directly impact bilateral relations with authoritarian states. It must be noted that this act doesn't specifically target a particular country or a head of state. It only targets individuals who are the most egregious human rights violators, or are the more corrupt officials, and who commit such violations under his or her official capacity.    Therefore, the negative impact of this act on bilateral relations would be minimal, while its positive impact on improving global human rights and creating a model for other countries to follow would be huge.    Thank you.    Ms. Kadeer. Wang Lequan was the Party Secretary of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, and he ordered in July 2009 the suppression and crackdown, and directly involved in the killing of the hundreds of the Uyghurs. And he was of course removed from his position, but he was transferred to Beijing, and he is in Beijing.    He was also a corrupt official. He was involved in corruption as well. But the government is protecting this individual, so, therefore, now he is in Beijing in a safe place.    And after Wang Lequan, Zhang Chunxian was elected as the Party Secretary of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. He was also involved in this crackdown, ongoing crackdown, in Uyghur autonomous region. But he was invited to Capitol Hill in 2009 by a Senator, so it is a surprise how he was granted visa.    So there are hundreds and thousands of people involved in these kinds of crackdowns in human rights abuses, in corruption, so it should start from Capitol Hill, from the Members of the Congress. Members of the Congress should be very careful in inviting the people who are involved in these kind of corruption and human rights abuses.    This Global Human Rights Accountability Act should also include the Chinese officials, especially the regional officials who are directly involved in human rights abuses and killing of the peaceful protesters, Uyghurs, in the region, for all of the Chinese officials, of course, but the regional officials are very much involved directly in these abuses.