    Mr. Albright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Engel and other members of the committee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    I think Steve has outlined a future that is fairly bleak and I would like to return to that, if not at the end of my testimony during the question period.    Most of the points I would like to--will make have essentially been made before. I mean, I think the--many of the key verification provisions remain unresolved. I mean, the parameters have been set but the details matter and there is great differences between Iran and the United States and its partners.    And more important, I think the Iranians have taken the position to be extremely defiant and the United States has taken the position of problem solving, and I think that has put us at a disadvantage and it doesn't bode well for finding solutions that are, in a sense, gain the needed measures.    Now, where Iran has been a problem some of these things have been pointed out--refusing to allow the IAEA inspectors into military sites, not resolving the IAEA's concerns about Iran's past work on nuclear weapons through 2004 and possible work afterwards.    It has refused to stop illicit procurements for its nuclear programs. I know of at least one procurement since the JPA was implemented for the Iraq reactor that was attempted. I am told my U.S. investigatory officials there have been others.    Iran is resisting U.N. Security Council mandate controls over the procurement channel, which is an important concession that has been gained. But here is an example where the details matter.    Most of us think of the procurement channel run out of the United States or the U.N. Security Council with IAEA monitoring active verification of the end use of any goods that goes to the nuclear program.    Iran prefers a much different method, and at this point in time which method would be used is unresolved. And as others have mentioned, Iran is refusing anywhere anytime inspections.    And I think the--at this point in time the United States is going to have to take steps to significantly strengthen this deal and end up with the provisions meeting the U.S. conditions if this deal is to be verifiable.    And as I have mentioned, others have mentioned, there are legitimate concerns that the U.S. administration will not succeed and that concern certainly justifies Congress' continuing strong involvement in the creation of this agreement.    There needs to be oversight on those conditions and I feel that the--what I have heard the United States administration is more willing to share what is going on in this deal with Members of Congress, and I don't just mean ranking members and chairman but a broader set of members and their staff so that people can see the details and be able to react to those details.    Now, from my organization's point of view, there is certain conditions that are more important than others and I think members of this committee share this.    I personally think that resolving the IAEA's concerns about past and possibly ongoing nuclear weapons research and development work is critically important and to have concrete progress on that prior to any key relief of economic and financial sanctions by the United States or the EU--that there are many other conditions that also have to be met such as reducing the number of centrifuges but concrete progress in this area is necessary.    And what would concrete progress look like? Certainly, IAEA access to Parchin. But people should think of Parchin as a list of activities. It is not just a single visit. It is being able to see the equipment associated with the site. It is being able to visit the company that made this controversial high explosive chamber--did it make other chambers. It is the ability to have access to the people involved in these experiments and I would argue all of this needs to happen before the key sanctions are lifted.    Moreover, I think there needs to be time for IAEA to make an initial determination of whether Iran had a nuclear weapons program or not. I mean, the IAEA has said it plans to do that.    I think it should be done before the sanctions are relieved. Another vital area is this question of proliferation of sensitive goods.    From my own point of view. I would like to see the U.N. Security Council resolution stay in force until the IAEA has made a determination that Iran's program is indeed peaceful. That is not a short process, particularly under the additional protocol to make that determination.    But, personally, I think that is the way it should be. The framework envisions perhaps the Security Council resolutions coming off quicker but a new resolution being established that would then control these proliferation-sensitive goods.    Whether that is adequate or not I don't know. Part of it rests on a list of goods that would be provided to Iran that represent the ones that are explicitly controlled. Is that list good enough? Our initial indications are that list is not sufficient and needs to be, in a sense, longer in order for it to be effective.    Also would like to see Iran commit to not conduct illicit nuclear trade. President Rouhani himself has said they are proud of smuggling. Never heard a President of a country ever say that. They will continue their illicit procurement patterns.    Without a commitment on the nuclear, at least, it is hard to see that they are committing to a verifiable regime. And then again, let me just end that the additional inspection provisions are critical.    Now, anytime inspections are theoretically impossible and what Charles Duelfer described in Iraq could never--probably never be obtained. But what is envisioned by Iran is completely unacceptable. Even what is in the additional protocol is not enough.    You have got to have prompt access and the administration has some proposals. Iran has not accepted those and I think the administration needs to be pushed to have even more prompt inspections and certainly they need to be pushed to press Iran to accept anywhere inspections. That, as several members have pointed out, is not the case today and Iran has said it has no intention to do that.    The last thing I would like to say is that this deal, and I believe it probably will happen, is going to be very tough to implement and I would argue one of the problems with the agreed framework negotiated with North Korea in the '90s, as Steve mentioned, is that the administration kind of didn't do very much on implementation and Congress mostly focused on some of the budgetary issues and some of the compliance issues.    But the--but there wasn't active work to ensure that the deal was implemented and compliance was obtained and/or punished if it wasn't going to happen.    So I would argue that Congress will have a continuing role and will need to have a very important role in monitoring the effectiveness of this deal both in the short term and in the long term.    Thank you.    Mr. Albright. Yes, I want to make a point. I think--I want to emphasize that the limits for the first 10 years in a negotiation that is difficult aren't that bad. I mean, it is really--there is questions--the real question is after that 10-year about what is going on.    But I think that it should be recognized that Iranians had to give a lot on that--in that 10-year period and, again, we can--I have disappointments with Fordow, with centrifuge R&D.    But centrifuge R&D in that 10-year period is pretty severely limited. I would have liked it not to happen on the--particularly the advanced ones called the IR6 and the IR8.    But nonetheless, those limitations are in place. I also--but I also think that where Iran has been very tough is on the verification issues and that is where I think the real holes in this deal can show up that are going to affect what happens in the first 10 years.    Mr. Albright. Yes. One is I don't think the snap back provision has been negotiated.    I think it is going to be extremely difficult to negotiate, particularly if you then include snap back on U.N. Security Council sanctions. And also I think it has to be recognized that it is mostly a deterrent.    I mean, if you do have to snap back and that succeeds, having Iran change its behavior significantly within a 1-year breakout period is going to be very difficult. I think you will be forced at that point to confront a military option and won't be able to rely on the effective sanctions kicking in and having an effect.    Now, another point is in the--in the JPA the IAEA has not been given the mandate to determine compliance. I don't think--and I don't know if it is going to be given that mandate in the--in the long-term deal.    And the IAEA reports but it does not determine noncompliance, and so I think that is a question for this deal is who is going to do that and I don't know what the answer would be.    I would suggest it shouldn't be the IAEA. I mean, it is not the best agency to determine something as important as this. Another issue is snap back does not touch the--I guess what Congressman Engel called the nonsignificant nonperformance.    I mean, that is really aimed at fairly major noncompliance which, again, will have to be defined what that is. One can imagine. But there is going to be a whole set of probably noncompliance that is small and but over time could add up to major noncompliance.    And how do you deal with that? And I am not sure that is even really being discussed in these negotiations of how do you deal with minor noncompliance except by putting--let us say the U.S. would put political pressure on Iran like what it did with the IR5 when Iran started to operate or feed in uranium hexaflouride gas and enrich it--and again, it is remixed with the tails afterward so no enriched uranium comes out in the process but nonetheless it does enrich and the Iranians see how well it works.    But in that case, U.S. put political pressure on Iran to stop and it did. But is that going to work in general? And I would argue probably not and that there does need to be another mechanism to deal with these, I would almost call, minor violations. But over time these minor violations could undo the deal.    Mr. Albright. Well, I think the intrusive methods are going to have to last indefinitely. I mean, I think it definitely doesn't mean forever but I think there has to be some kind of review mechanism built into this deal where the P5+1 can decide at some point in time to take away those intrusive measures.    So I don't think they should sunset. I think it is very risky, in fact, to have these measures sunset. And so I think the--and Steve raised this too, you know, this question of breakout.    From my understanding of the deal is that at year 13 the breakout time would be 6 months. There would be all kinds of conditions put on centrifuge types, numbers and within that 6 month breakout criteria.    But after year 13 all bets are off and that is probably not the best place to be and if it is going to be the place then there really does need to be some significant review of this situation so that additional action can be taken and, I would argue, should be in the deal--should also be in, I would hope, in any legislation that is created--that there has to be mandatory review of what is going on with the potential to change the course.    Mr. Albright. So a lot of questions. Let me--certainly, my preference would have been that Fordow wouldn't have any centrifuges.    So because it does you have to continue to factor that into breakout estimates--the full 1,000 that are there. You could reduce them as they become unavailable in some significant way but it still counts in the breakout.    One administration idea is to--is to have any work that is done involving enriching nonuranium isotopes be such that it contaminates the centrifuges against use by uranium in the future and there is some isotopes where that is true--for example, molybdenum, and having that in the deal will mitigate some of the risk of Fordow but not all of it.    In terms of testing a nuclear device, I mean, it is--the estimates vary. I mean, it is very tough to determine or figure out when a country is working on that. Part of the concern about--of the PMD, as the IAEA likes to call it, is that Iran, in their view, knows how to build a crude nuclear weapon and therefore if they were--had the nuclear explosive material, the weapon grade uranium, in sufficient quantity then it is probably not a long road in order to fashion it into a device that could explode underground or a crude kind of nuclear IED. And so that could be a matter of just several months.    Mr. Albright. No. No, no. It has to be supplemented. I mean, it can't be--Iran could slow down the inspectors. They could use managed access as an excuse to cover up things.    Mr. Albright. Well, it couldn't--it is going to be shorter than that but days matter and in some cases even hours matter. So you want prompt access.    You want to be able to get in the day you ask, for example, and you are going to need the deal to ensure that because Iran has been--is actively challenging the IAEA on its central mission within the--within the Board of Governors.    And so I think the deal is going to have to include the measures explicitly that provide for prompt access and Iran is going to have to sign the line so that if it doesn't then it is seen as a material breach of this deal.    Mr. Albright. One thing--when the IAEA says that Iran has lived up to its commitment it is talking about Iran's commitments under the interim deal of the Joint Plan of Action, which are pretty minimal.    And so there is some questions, you know, of whether they are fulfilling their obligations in a timely manner if you look at the issue of newly produced 3\1/2\ percent enriched uranium.    There is also issues of are they processing the near 20 percent LEU. I mean, they--ultimately if it is going to be a violation or not they have to the end of some period of time under the interim deal.    But the--all these conditions on the interim deal are pretty minor and at the same time while it is complying with the conditions in this interim deal it is totally uncooperative with the IAEA on the big issue of the day--did Iran have a nuclear weapons program in the past, can the IAEA have access to military sites.    So in a sense, Iran chooses when it wants to comply and will often choose to comply on the minor things while, you know, uncooperative or noncompliant on the big things.    Mr. Albright. Yes. I think engagement makes sense. I mean, I think that is the best way to proceed. You know, the obvious other option is--that Israel has exercised twice is to bomb facilities and I think that is one to avoid at all costs. So I think the engagement is the best one.    But the issue is, and I think Congressman Sherman raised it, is that if you get a bad deal or less than adequate deal you are probably going to--you are just delaying the time when they have nuclear weapons. So that is really----    Mr. Albright. Well, there is a lot of them. I mean, it is a complicated deal. I mean, you need anywhere anytime inspections or at least approaching the anytime. You need the IAEA having its concerns about possible military dimensions of nuclear--of Iran's nuclear program resolved.    You need a very robust control over Iran's imports for its nuclear programs and other imports of key goods that could be used in a secret nuclear program.    I mean, there's a--I could go on and on and on. They are all--they all have been identified in the negotiations so it is clear what needs to be done.    But what you have, though, is at every opportunity Iran tries to erode the U.S. goals in these negotiations and----    Mr. Albright. Right. And that is right, and so you can't judge it until you see it. I mean, I think some--you know, some trip wires have been crossed for some members and people in the expert community. I think I feel I have to see the deal in order to judge it.    Mr. Albright. I don't know if that's in there. It should be.    Mr. Albright. Yes, it should be and we've proposed language.    Mr. Albright. A couple. One is that the limit on the production of the enrichment level limit should be permanent--that they wouldn't produce over 3\1/2\ percent.    My understanding from talking to people in the negotiations is that Iran has every intention to return to producing 20 percent enriched uranium after that limit sunset. So I think that, first of all, is a permanent limit. Another is that the----    Mr. Albright. Correct.    Mr. Albright. Well, they would argue that they would need it for research reactors.    Mr. Albright. Not very much, and they could buy it easily and so--and they also--it is not clear when they would build a research reactor. So I think it is a reasonable limit to maintain at 3\1/2\ percent and if they need more they can--they can acquire it internationally.    Mr. Albright. I believe so. I mean, they argue that they want to be able to produce their own fuel. I mean, and in fact one of the--but that argument is being undermined by how this deal was playing out.    I mean, Iran is planning to either dilute its enriched uranium--it has to go down from about 10 tons of 3\1/2\ percent down to 300 kilograms--planning to dilute it or sell it overseas.    And so I think that a lot of these future plans would be at a time when Iran would have been able to buy reactors internationally and would have depended on those suppliers for all its enriched uranium.    So looking out in the future I would see that Iran would have even less of a need for enriched uranium than it does now and Iran is shifting in the negotiations to say they have no need now.    In fact, it is one of the ironies of this deal, that you have U.S. agreeing to a nuclear program involving fuel cycle activities that has no need, and that is expressed by diluting down the low enriched uranium back to natural or selling it overseas.    So the idea that there would be even a practical need for an enrichment program has more or less disappeared. And so you have a program going forward that really has no purpose and so why would--and in the future it would also have no purpose and therefore it doesn't need to be expanded and certainly doesn't need to make 20 percent enriched uranium.    Mr. Albright. Yes, I agree.    Mr. Albright. Yes. I think at this point in time I don't see anything but the--approaching any time but, certainly, anywhere and I don't see an option, given the history of the inspectors with Iran.    The additional protocol is just not enough and so, of course, how that has worked out is probably going to be complicated and there will be some compromises but it has got to err or end up much closer to the any time. And, now, in terms of the compliance I don't have a good answer.    I mean, it just--I just think in our work on this, and looking at the JPA issues, the IAEA is not a good--we shouldn't depend on the IAEA to make that fundamental determination. I think in the end the United States is going to have to make it.    I mean, that is going to be key that there is a process where that can be done and Congress has a role in it. The P5+1, I think, is going to have to form a commission that is going to have to be able to make those kind of determinations.    But the--but the IAEA is going to have to report and we are going to have to expect honest reporting and hard-hitting reporting, better than what they have done in the JPA. I mean, what they report on the JPA is a minimal amount and they don't decide on compliance at all, and they are not even giving the information publicly to really determine what is going on.    Mr. Albright. Yes. My answer is probably predictable. I mean, my group ultimately comes out of the arms control community and I was active in the '80s on arms control at other organizations.    I think you do need to keep countries from building nuclear weapons and in the Cold War the U.S. had a vital interest in limiting the threat posed by Soviet nuclear weapons.    So I think on its own merits arms control is worth pursuing. But we have to recognize that this deal with Iran is essentially an arms control agreement and it will have a limited duration, and so we should recognize that and work around that.    Mr. Albright. I think the first thing is I agree with you. I mean, it is--this is not about trust because Iran has been so noncompliant and noncooperative that it is impossible, and Iran has created that.    I think the IAEA tends to give people the benefit of the doubt initially, and then over time becomes more vigilant and resistant. So I think the trust is way down the road. Now, in terms of minimal things, I think there are two parts to this.    One is what do you want up front before the key economic and financial sanctions are relieved. And so I think there is a whole list of things that Iran has to commit to up front--anywhere anytime inspections would be one. Creating this procurement--verified procurement channel is another.    But I think one of the most important is it has got to provide some concrete evidence that it had a nuclear weapons program or acceptance of that position and is open enough to the IAEA that they can make a preliminary determination that yes, it existed in the past and it doesn't exist now.    Again, they will have--in the longer term they are going to have to do even more things that are going to require Iranian cooperation.    But I think in the short term there has to be some fundamental answers to whether this program is indeed peaceful and part of knowing whether they had a program in the past and that Iran, at least if it doesn't have to do a mea culpa, at least acknowledges it in some way and it could acknowledge it by accepting an IAEA determination that there was indeed a program.    Mr. Albright. No. No, no. There is too many issues unresolved.    Mr. Albright. That it is just impossible to judge. I mean, I think--and then also I think we have to realize the--in the Washington context I think the administration has been, you know, better than I in a battle with Congress on this issue and I think they have rounded some edges and exaggerated some of the points where maybe parameters agreed but the details really matter and there is fundamental disagreements over some of these issues that have to be resolved in the negotiations.    Mr. Albright. But that is--at least on the economic and financial that is the intention of the administration is that these key nuclear steps would have to be dealt with and then you could have the sanctions come off. So I think the administration's position going into this is a pretty sound one. The question is what is it going to get in the end.    Mr. Albright. I think--sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt.    Mr. Albright. Yes. I think this--I think it has been stated here it is like a signing bonus. I mean, Iraq has been getting money--some of its assets relieved all along in the interim deal.    So I think that is--this signing bonus is a continuation of that. It is not the sanctions coming off, and so one should argue about that for sure. I mean, it is a lot of money and it is a new twist to arms control in a sense to have--you know, have big payoffs for signing an arms control agreement.    But in terms of the sanctions themselves, Iran has to meet conditions under the U.S. position and my understanding is Iran is obviously balking at that.    But the U.S. position and the P5+1 position remains firm that those conditions have to be satisfied before there will be sanctions relief.    Mr. Albright. Yes.    Mr. Albright. No.    Mr. Albright. No.    Mr. Albright. No. It was a good--I think it was a good way to start the negotiations and grab some quick restraints that deal with the things that bother us most and then--and then move on to the long-term negotiation.    Mr. Albright. I think they would have had them by now without all the----    Mr. Albright . Negotiations and sanctions. I think the negotiations by the Europeans in the early 2000----    Mr. Albright. I don't--I think it is an open question. It is a challenge. I mean, this isn't over when there is a deal. It is going to require lots of work.    Mr. Albright. Yes. They are certainly going to need a lot of resources and sometimes the inspection requirements aren't rational and so but they still would have to do them and it would cost them money.    So the member states of the IAEA including the United States are going to have to provide money.    Mr. Albright. I think it would be. But it is--they are getting more money to implement the monitoring of the interim deal. But I think, more importantly, is they are going to have to get some clear mandates of what they can and can't do and in this case that they are going to be able to do more and that is going to have to come probably from the U.N. Security Council. It will have to have support from the member states.    Mr. Albright. One is I would give a much stronger mandate to look at Iran's illicit procurement and to verify that they are not--they are not buying things illegally that could be used in a covert nuclear program and that there is--they are limited in doing that and Russia, in the negotiations, has opposed giving the IAEA more mandates.    But I think that needs to be overturned or resisted by the United States and have the IAEA being able to do more. And a lot of it is it bolster their ability to investigate.    I mean, finally, the U.N. experience in Iraq in the '90s was to create investigators, not verifiers, in a sense--that you have a more aggressive, more analytical capabilities to be able to ferret out covert activities.    And while, I think, Charles said it right they couldn't show that the compliance was there it sure made it very--it created an incredible deterrent against cheating.    Mr. Albright. Member states provide information and so a member state could decide to provide the information----    Mr. Albright . On suspect sites.    Mr. Albright. No, it looks--it has--it looks at satellite photos. It uses what they would call open sources.    Mr. Albright. That is right.    Mr. Albright. They also--but they are also in the country and so they can see indicators of violations.    Mr. Albright. Well, no, just even in interacting----    Mr. Albright . In their normal verification exercises under the NPT. They also--the NPT does require declarations and they can--and they scrutinize the declarations for inconsistencies and in fact some of the new arrangements under the deal would be that there be much broader declarations that then would provide even more ability to look for inconsistencies.    Mr. Albright. I am not--I can't independently just that. I mean, some of the studies have said no. I mean, but at the same time----    Mr. Albright . But they found--in conjunction with allies found Fordow----    Mr. Albright . Found Natanz, found----    Mr. Albright . Physics research center.    Mr. Albright. Right.    Mr. Albright. It should change.    Mr. Albright. Well, if once Iran ratifies additional protocol I would imagine that at least British inspectors could go back in and----    Mr. Albright . But on the U.S. side, I mean, it is anyone's guess. Anyone's guess.    Mr. Albright. I think the U.S. has to have it very clearly recorded in this deal that it can decide on compliance and noncompliance. I mean, you want others--also you want some kind of authority created in this deal that could also decide. You don't want it just to be the Security Council and you don't want it just to be the IAEA.    Mr. Albright. Yes.    Mr. Albright. No, I would agree and----    Mr. Albright. I think--it is hard for me to use a football analogy but the breakout times----    Mr. Albright. Yes, the breakout times were shrinking dangerously. I think our estimate at that time, given the large stock and growing stock of near 20 percent was about a month from being able to have enough weapon-grade uranium for a bomb if it chose to breakout.    Implementing the JPA pushed that back to about 2 months and so that was a valuable gain, and their inefficiencies in their centrifuges would probably buy you--maybe make an estimate of 2 to 3 months.    Mr. Albright. And I should add too they were headed--and this is what Mr. Rademaker is referring to--by the--I think we were estimating by--based on their plans to deploy centrifuges but the summer of 2014 the breakout times would have reduced down toward a week or two.    And so the--now, in terms of their deliverability, I there is two parts to that. One is a crude device that can be used to test underground or delivered by crude methods. I think you would have to conclude that within 6 months or so they could--they could cobble together something.    If they wanted to put it on a Shahab-3 missile I think I would refer to the IAEA findings in their internal reports--that they still had a ways to go and I think U.S. estimates are probably greater than 1 year.    Mr. Albright. It certainly could. You know, unfortunately, one of the things that this deal is sparking, though, is spreading of nuclear technology in the Middle East and in fact it is--there is some very good things in this deal and there is some good norms.    One of the norms that isn't good and we are going to have to wrestle with is that you can an uranium enrichment program with zero purpose and it can be in the hands of a U.S. adversary. So how do you say no to Saudi Arabia?    Mr. Albright. It could breakout--could break out in a month.    Mr. Albright. Well, maybe not. I mean, again, U.S. policies prevent Iran from getting--U.S. policy has been to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon.    Mr. Albright. If they move to get it, one would have expected the Obama administration to try to stop them.    Mr. Albright. Whatever.    Mr. Albright. It is greater and so it is 2 to 3 months.    Mr. Albright. And that is--and that was a valuable gain and it also reversed the trend, which was to go down toward 1 week.    Mr. Albright. You should wait and see, though, because they--there is another challenge. It has to be automatic and so you can't----    Mr. Albright. Yes, but there are two issues. One is can you create a snap back mechanism and I am told that they are seriously looking at ways to do that. It is not resolved and I couldn't give you an answer in any case because----    Mr. Albright. Well, I think this is on precedent.    Mr. Albright. But the other part is can it work. I mean, in that I think we should be clear on. I think that using sanctions to stop an Iranian breakout is probably not possible.    I mean, it just takes too long for the sanctions to really have an impact and so more is going to be needed and I think that has to be thought through by the U.S. Government and by Congress of what else is going to have to be put into, in a sense, the implementing U.S. legislation that would trigger reactions if Iran isn't in compliance.    Mr. Albright. I don't think so, not even if you had a year breakout time. It is hard to see how that alone would do it. Just, again, that if it is--if you create, you know, go much, much further on the impact of sanctions.    But I think in the end you are pushed to the point of are you going to respond militarily. I mean, I think that is a horrible place to be but I think that is ultimately where you end up.    But if you want to stop them before they get enough material for a bomb you probably have to have some preauthorization or something in law that would--that would authorize the U.S. to respond.    And this would also help address what Mr. Rademaker has brought up about the legitimization of the program and so I think it is going to require some real thought about how the U.S.--how it implements this deal.