    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. O'Carroll, first I have a question about death reporting. Are all States required to report to you deaths that occur within the State?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Issues being that you send out checks to people who have passed away. You are continuing to send checks?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. You require States to report electronically to you, can you?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. From health research, it is a lot better. And HHS is getting the data directly electronically. They can do a lot more research in terms of what is happening in the country medically.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. And so I was wondering how many States you are saying. You are saying there are about 10 States that still are not?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. I would ask if you would send us a list who they are that are dragging their feet on this, so that we have an idea where these are coming from.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. Okay. Thank you.    The other thing, thing about waste, fraud and abuse--my understanding is that in 2015 your office received about 150,000 complaints and that you opened 8,400 investigations and only 2,200 resulted in indictment, a conviction or information in lieu of indictment and that the civil monetary penalties amounted to 343. Now if I--I take this because they are the figures we got from----    Mr. MCDERMOTT . In your office. Tell me why you only offered--opened 8,400 cases out of 150,000? Is that simply resources, or is it that you looked at them and said, this case isn't worth opening. There is only $50 here, or there is only $1,000. Do you have some cut off? Does it have to be $1 million worth before we open an investigation, or $50,000, or $10,000? How do you make that screening to open 8,400 cases?    Mr. MCDERMOTT. So your hotline records the name of the next door neighbor.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. But then they ask, do you know his Social Security number? They say, no. That one never would be opened.    Mr. MCDERMOTT. In our offices, we have a legislative correspondent. We send back emails to people. You never send an email back and say, could you give us more information or can you give us information in this category, so we can actually know who it is we are looking at next door?