    Mr. Barletta. The committee will come to order. Today we are holding a hearing to explore a critical and timely topic. There have been numerous congressional hearings on cybersecurity and how to stop the bad guys. What has not been discussed in great detail is what the consequence will be from a massive cyberattack that brings down, for example, a large portion of the electrical grid for an extended period of time.    The purpose of today's hearing is to answer an important question: With respect to cyberthreats to the electrical power system, what consequences should the Federal Government tell States and local governments to prepare for? In other words, for how many people and for how long should States plan on being without power?    The Federal Government does this now for almost every significant hazard that we face. Whether it is a category 5 hurricane hitting Miami or an 8.0 earthquake in Los Angeles, the Federal Government has realistic estimates or scenarios for States and cities to plan. The Federal Government does not have this basic planning scenario for a cyberthreat to the power system, and there is a huge disparity in what different groups think is a potential scenario for which States and local governments should prepare.    And the difference would be significant for local governments. If the power is out for a few days, it can be an inconvenience, but if it is out for several weeks, or a month or more, the local government has to potentially plan for increased public safety, water treatment, sheltering, or evacuation, fuel delivery for generators, and many other contingencies.    What should we plan for? Ted Koppel, in his book, says that we should plan on 6 to 18 months of uninterrupted blackouts. The industry seems to say a cyberattack could, at most, cause an interruption in terms of days, not weeks. And today we are going to hear testimony from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Energy, the Department of Homeland Security's National Protection and Programs Directorate, the Congressional Research Service, the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, and representatives from the electrical industry. I hope to get an answer to this question for State and local governments who are on the ground and will be first charged with protection of people and property.    Imagine what we would do without electricity for a day, a week, a month, a year. Virtually all critical infrastructure is dependent on the electrical grid, particularly the lifeline sectors: telecommunications, transportation, water, and financial services. And if the goal of the bad guys is to collapse the United States economic system, they are going to try to cut off the power.    There have been reports of hacking attempts on electrical facilities by foreign and domestic parties. Our national security, public safety, economic competitiveness, and personal privacy is at risk. According to the Department of Homeland Security, the energy sector was the target of more than 40 percent of all reported cyberattacks.    And even more disconcerting was the December 2015 cyberattack on Ukraine's electric grid, which affected four dozen substations and left one-quarter of a million people without power. At the same time as the attack on the grid itself, call centers were hit with a telephony denial-of-service attack as customers were trying to report the outages. If anyone thought this was a glitch, think again.    The electrical grid is not only under attack from cyberspace, the electric power sector is all too familiar with the devastation storms like Hurricane Sandy can leave behind, or physical attacks like the 2013 incident at the Metcalf substation in California. Thankfully, in the cases of storms and physical attacks, the power sector has strong plans in place and redundant systems to restore power quickly and to avoid the loss of life and property.    But I am concerned about a cyberattack. Are there similar plans in place for industry and for State and local government? Will those redundancies provide the same types of protections?    Most recently, I have been discussing this topic with constituents in my district, asking what they will do in their communities if the power is out for a prolonged period of time. Honestly, most of them don't know because we don't know what to plan for. We have brought together the right people here to tell us today.    We are also going to discuss what preparedness looks like, best practices, and how we can achieve a greater level of readiness, all the way down to the local mayors and township supervisors. I am encouraged to hear all the industry talk about an all-hazards approach and focusing on mitigating the greatest risks, but I think there are some unique characteristics of the cyberthreat that require specific planning guidelines.    I know we cannot goldplate the system, but given the interdependency of electricity with our daily lives, it is crucial that we understand the risks and be prepared for the likely consequences possible from the failure of that system.    I look forward to this conversation today, starting with our witnesses, and I thank you all for being here.    I now call on Ranking Member DeFazio for his comments.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. We will have two panels of witnesses today. And on our first panel we will have Administrator Fugate, the current Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Federal coordinator for consequence management; Assistant Secretary Hoffman from the Department of Energy's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability--this is the office charged with coordinating the Federal efforts to facilitate the recovery from disruptions in the emergency and the energy supply; Assistant Secretary Durkovich, the Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection from the Department of Homeland Security; and Mr. Richard Campbell, an expert at the Congressional Research Service in the electric power sector.    On our second panel we will be joined by Mr. Gerry Cauley, the president and CEO of the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, the international regulatory authority whose mission is to assure the reliability of the bulk power system in North America; Mr. William Spence, CEO of the PPL Corporation, one of the largest investor-owned utility companies in the United States; and Ms. Bobbi Kilmer, president and CEO of the Claverack Rural Electric Cooperative, a nonprofit electric utility serving 2,250 square miles in northeastern Pennsylvania.    I ask unanimous consent that the witnesses' full statement be included in the record.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered. Since your written testimony has been made a part of the record, the subcommittee would request that you limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes.    Let's start with our first panel. Administrator Fugate, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony. Before we move on I want to recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Carson, for his opening statement.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. We will now move on to Assistant Secretary Hoffman. You may proceed.IV in Portland, Oregon, and Washington, DC. Clear Path is an interagency exercise focused on testing and evaluating the energy sector roles and responsibilities and response plans utilized for a Cascadia subduction zone 9.0 earthquake and tsunami. When a response is required and needed, the Department of Energy serves as lead agency for this response under the National Response Framework and under FEMA's leadership.    The Department of Energy works with industry and Federal partners to assess the impacts of disaster on local and regional energy infrastructure, coordinate delivery of assets, monitor and report on restoration efforts, and provide regular situational awareness to key decisionmakers in the States, the White House, and our interagency partners.    DOE also provides strategic leadership by requesting and facilitating the development of an energy Information Sharing and Analysis Center, as well as the development of an Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council. This council is a group of leaders from across the electric sector that meet regularly with Government to coordinate and share information. When power goes out, the local utility is the first responder. Should any threat or emergency exceed the capability of any local or private-sector resources, the Federal Government and the electric sector, through the council, will engage in coordinating a response to this type of a crisis.    Congress enacted several important new security measures in the FAST Act . This act affirms DOE's responsibility in cybersecurity coordination, oil and gas information sharing, and the development of a transformer reserve plan. In addition, the FAST Act provides the Secretary of Energy with a new authority: Upon declaration of a grid security emergency by the President, the Secretary can issue orders to protect and restore critical electric infrastructure, or defense critical electric infrastructure. This authority allows DOE to respond as needed to cyberthreats or physical threats to the grid. The Department is actively engaging in the process and procedure for implementing this new authority.    The keys to strengthening resilience are not only understanding threat insight and response, but it is also through innovation. Advanced technology and innovation in cybersecurity storage microgrids will also help the industry get ahead of these risks.    In conclusion, the threats will continue to evolve. DOE is working diligently to stay ahead of the curve. To accomplish this we must invest in resilience, encourage innovation, and use the best practices to help raise the sector's cyber and physical security maturity, as well as strengthen local incident response and recovery capabilities.    Thank you for your time. And this concludes my remarks. I look forward to any questions you have.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Assistant Secretary Hoffman.    Assistant Secretary Durkovich, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Ms. Durkovich.    Mr. Campbell, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Mr. Campbell, excuse me. Can you pull the microphone just a little closer? Thank you.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Campbell. I will now begin the first round of questions, limited to 5 minutes for each Member. If there are additional questions following the first round, we will have additional rounds of questions as needed. And I will start with Administrator Fugate.    Could you please walk the committee through a timeline of consequences that we could expect to experience in the event of a large-scale and a prolonged power outage which is the result of a combined cyber and physical attack?    Let's assume over 10 million people are out of power in the Northeast and it lasts for over a month.    Mr. Barletta. I am not talking about how to turn the power back on. But what consequences will State and local governments and residents have to deal with because the power is out? And this is my concern. I am going to put my mayor's hat back on. And, you know, I have been listening to a lot of how prepared we are, what we can--what is typical, what is unlikely, and what we are going to do. But I am not convinced that we have connected the dots all the way down to the local government.    I haven't talked to a mayor or a township supervisor yet. When I ask them the question, ``In the event of an unusual and an unlikely event that power is out in a cyberattack, how long are you prepared to provide services?'' nobody can give me that answer. You know, I know it is an unlikely event. So was the chance of two planes running into the twin towers in New York, very unlikely.    So, that is what I am hoping to get at today is, for example, in the first few days--because these are the people--I was a mayor. When something like this happens there is going to be panic, and people are going to want to know how long can we expect--and I don't know if anybody has yet given me a clear answer.    In the event of both a physical attack and cyberattack, the worst-case scenario--very unlikely, very unusual, but still, as a mayor and a supervisor, I want to be prepared for that worst-case circumstance. So, for example, in the first few days there will be thousands of people stuck in elevators. After 3 or 4 days, hospitals and other critical infrastructure will need fuel for generators. After a week, clean water and waste disposal may be--may have serious problems. And at some point people may start to self-evacuate in large numbers.    Please walk us through that timeline of increasing consequences, as the duration of this scenario increases.    Mr. Barletta. That is OK, because it is important, because that is what I am trying to get at, is are these conversations--and who is responsible for these conversations with people at the local level, because this is an unknown. If there is a storm coming, a hurricane, an ice storm, a--we are prepared for that. We can expect--we know what is coming. An earthquake, not so. You don't know it is coming, but still we have experience with that. But a widespread cyberattack with a physical attack attached to it is unknown. And who is having that conversation with people at the local level that--we don't know. It could be out a week, it could be out longer than a week. You need to be prepared.    And are those conversations actually happening? I don't--I am not convinced that they are. And that is where the life will be lost. And I think we need to begin to find out how do we connect the dots. Who is responsible for having those conversations down at the lowest level of the people who will be first charged with trying to protect lives.    I am going to turn to Ranking Member Carson for his questions.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Meadows for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. DeFazio for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. The Chair recognizes Mr. Perry for 5 minutes.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Sires.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. The Chair recognizes Mr. Massie.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. With respect to time for our second panel, we are going to move on. And I think, if I can summarize--and I thank you all for participating today--I think if I could summarize, Administrator Fugate, that planning for local and State governments should be--needs to be in terms of weeks, not days. And that is important because that is the first time I have actually heard what we need to begin to look at in the event of an attack.    So again, I want to thank you all for your testimony. Your comments have been very helpful in today's discussion. And we will now call on our second panel.    Mr. Barletta. I remind you of the subcommittee's request to limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes.    Mr. Cauley, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Cauley.    Mr. Spence, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Spence.    Ms. Kilmer, you may proceed.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you for your testimony, Ms. Kilmer. I will now begin our first round of questioning. And this question is to all.    I am going to ask you the same question I asked our first panel. What is the planning scenario that State and local governments should be using for a cyberattack on the electric grid? Will the power be out for days or weeks or months, considering both a cyberattack and a physical attack? The worst-case scenario, how widespread could the outage be?    Mr. Cauley, NERC runs an exercise on the failure of the grid. What scenario do you use? And I will let you begin.    Mr. Barletta. I guess what I am getting at, what--I want to get this down--to connect the dots down to the local and State. And you know, I feel pretty confident that getting to that point we have got all the ducks in order. I am just concerned that there is a missing link to what should the States and local governments be preparing for or planning for in length of time, because they need to do the same thing that you are doing. They need to know the scenario of worst-case, what do we need to prepare for.    Mr. Barletta. OK. I am going to connect the dots. So do you think it is the Federal Government's responsibility or the State government's responsibility to make sure that the local government is doing all that? Because I am just concerned that we are going to have everybody pointing fingers at each other, ``well, I thought you had said,'' ``I thought you did,'' and nobody did.    Whose responsibility should it be that we make sure that the local governments are prepared? Because today is really the first time that I am hearing a length of time.    Mr. Barletta. And you know, in my own mind--again, I am going to keep putting that mayor's hat back on--I am beginning to think, well, geez, if it is 1 week or 2 weeks, there's a lot of things I need to be prepared for here, and we are probably not.    Mr. Barletta. Which means that most cities are probably not prepared----    Mr. Barletta . And I think that is what this hearing is about----    Mr. Barletta . Is really to raise a red flag here today that we are not prepared in the event of something drastic, major, unlikely, but could be----    Mr. Barletta. Thank you.    Ms. Kilmer?    Mr. Barletta. The Chair recognizes Ranking Member Carson.    Mr. Barletta. The Chair recognizes Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I just have one more question, Mr. Spence. My colleague--Mr. Spence, my colleague from Pennsylvania highlighted that too many coal power plants have closed. Are you concerned that having fewer generation facilities online makes the grid, as a whole, more vulnerable?    Mr. Barletta. Thank you. I look forward to working with each and every one of you, and welcome your input as we move forward on this initiative.    I thank you all for your testimony. Your comments have been helpful to today's discussion.    If there are no further questions, I would ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing, and unanimous consent that the record remain open for 15 days for any additional comments and information submitted by Members or witnesses to be included in a record of today's hearing.    Mr. Barletta. Without objection, so ordered.    I would like to thank our witnesses again for their testimony. If there are no further questions to add, the subcommittee stands adjourned.