    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, both, for joining us here today.    Ambassador, I was a special assistant to General Petraeus when you were serving in Iraq. And although I was actually out in the field, I reported directly to him, and I can't tell you what a difference it made, the confidence that you and he brought to the troops on the ground with your leadership. So thank you especially for that.    I share your view that the center of gravity here is Iraq with the Islamic State. That is where they were able to dramatically expand their territory and influence. And I also share your view that it is our political withdrawal from the Iraqi Government that essentially set the conditions for them to expand.    I would like to hear from both of you, how, at this point, we should reestablish control or influence in the Iraqi Government?    Ambassador Crocker. Well, it is a whole lot harder to regain influence once you have lost it than to maintain it when you have got it, but we must make this effort, in my view. And I have given you my initial thought on this: To show we are serious, you send America's top diplomat. And it is not an overnighter. I mean, it is days.    Mr. Moulton. And I assume we would have to put advisers back into the ministries, back into the prime minister's office as well?    Ambassador Crocker. Well, we would have to look at that. I think that was important, but maybe not critical. The critical element was the heavy political lift.    I will just give you one example, and it gets at Congressman Nugent's question, what happened to the Iraqi military when we completely disengaged? Well, General Petraeus and I faced this when we were there. Nouri al-Maliki had one criterion for his top field commanders. It wasn't competence. It wasn't battle experience. It was loyalty, could he be absolutely certain that they would not take their division, make a sharp, right turn and overthrow his government?    Mr. Moulton. Right.    Ambassador Crocker. So he would put in some pretty awful people or try to. But because we had advisers out there and were on it, we could go in and say, prime minister, not a good idea, here is why. When we stopped doing that, he made all of those appointments. And the Iraqi army turned into the force that just cut and ran as soon as Islamic State showed up because they had no leadership, because the prime minister, for understandable reasons, in his view, prized loyalty above all, and there was no American counterweight. That is what we have to bring back.    Mr. Moulton. Mr. McLaughlin, do you have anything to add to that?    Mr. Moulton. Let me propose a very radical idea, and I have to confess, I haven't given this much thought myself. But would there be any virtue to saying, Russia, you take Syria; we will take Iraq?    Ambassador Crocker. Sir, could you sit under a tree until that thought passes. It would be delivering the Sunni majority of Syrians into the hands of Assad and Iran backed by Russia, and the results of that would make it impossible----    Mr. Moulton. For Iraq as well?    Ambassador Crocker . For us to do anything in Iraq.    Mr. Moulton. Let me just ask one more question because----    Mr. Moulton. Right. Just a few seconds left, why is it important in our fight against ISIS to accept refugees and to continue doing so?    Ambassador Crocker. I tried to lay out the reasons that----    Mr. Moulton. Right. Mr. McLaughlin, if you could----    Mr. Moulton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally.