    Mr. Bilodeau. Thank you, Chairmen Rohrabacher and Smith and members of the subcommittee. I am Denis Bilodeau and I appear before you today as an elected member of the Board of Directors of the Orange County Water District. I am honored to appear before you to discuss global water scarcity. I will summarize my statement and request that it be submitted into the formal hearing record.    As background, the OCWD is located in the 48th Congressional District in Southern California. We provide groundwater to 19 cities and water agencies with a population of 2.4 million. OCWD has led the way in developing innovative water solutions across a range of technology and infrastructure.    In the late 1980s, we recognized that to preserve our region's economic vitality we needed to address groundwater depletion, seawater intrusion, and unreliable surface water supplies. We implemented an aggressive program to develop a water treatment process with our sister agency, which is the Orange County Sanitization District. This is called the Groundwater Replenishment System. This system takes treated wastewater from the Orange County Sanitation District--and when I say treated wastewater, I speak of sewage--that would otherwise be discharged into the Pacific Ocean. It implements a three-step advanced treatment process that consists of microfiltration, reverse osmosis, and ultraviolet light with hydrogen peroxide. This treatment and purification process produces high-quality water that exceeds all State and Federal drinking water standards and delivers enough water to serve 850,000 people with the production of 100 million gallons a day currently.    When we think about global water supply needs and the ways in which to reduce tensions that arise from constrained potable water supplies and the ability to share experiences, collaboration is important. OCWD shares its knowledge in advanced water purification technology.    For example, Singapore enhanced its water security using our experience and expertise. The country of Singapore has been principally reliant on water from Malaysia. With political differences between the nations, and the expiration of long-term agreements for water transfers between Malaysia and Singapore, the Public Utility Board of Singapore was tasked with finding ways to make Singapore more water self-sufficient. The Singapore PUB reached out to us to learn about technology that our district was using to purify wastewater and put it back into the groundwater supplies. Water leaders from Singapore visited us to see what we were doing to recycle and purify wastewater and to see how we were communicating with the public to bolster public support for potable reuse.    Working with us, Singapore developed both purified water, which they call NEWater, and seawater desalinization to diversify their portfolio of available water for sources for the drinking water system, as well as to protect against depletion of their reserves during drought or interruption of imported supplies. Singapore also built a secondary system to enable it to serve high purity water to its high-tech customers, such as wafer fabricators and circuit board manufacturers that require highly purified water.    This system of water distribution helped to make Singapore a desirable place for valuable industrial customers and to help locate manufacturing facilities.    In 2014, the Orange County Water District was presented with the Lee Kuan Yew Water Prize for our efforts toward solving the world's water problems by applying innovative technology solutions.    We are proud to serve as a global water leader in the water industry, and at the same time it is just a start. Greater investments must be made to implement similar projects around the world. We must continue to create opportunities for water experts to engage with one another and to exchange information to keep pushing the envelope and develop new and innovative solutions to global water problems.    The Singapore-Orange County Water District collaboration is an example of how American technology transfer can lead to solutions for global water supply and quality needs for regions around the world. Again, the Orange County Water District greatly appreciates the subcommittee's decision to explore this important national and international water security matter. Thank you very much for having me.    Mr. Bilodeau. In terms of the Orange County experience, the technology we are using is primarily applicable to urbanized areas because you need to have a central collection point for the wastewater. Then you can then harvest and reuse that water and deliver it back out to your customers. So it wouldn't be so applicable in sparsely populated areas, but definitely for urbanized areas. And our type of system would go hand in hand in terms of development of a sewage collection system, as well as a recycling system along with that.    Mr. Bilodeau. Combined.    Mr. Bilodeau. Yes, developing those in conjunction.    Mr. Bilodeau. Okay, I will go first.    In terms of our experience, we are fortunate that we have very highly qualified engineering companies, private companies, that actually designed and built our facilities for us. The companies are multinational, so they, of course, can go to Singapore, or there is another plant similar to Singapore's in Kuwait that General Electric actually built there and operates it currently.    So in terms of exporting the technology, it is really the American corporations that are leading the way and that have the engineering skill and know-how in terms of the design and the construction.    In terms of at our facility, one thing that we have lended our expertise to is we do a lot of pilot testing of new technologies. There is a new technology called graphene that is in research and development right now that may revolutionize reverse osmosis membranes and bring the cost of reverse osmosis treatment down substantially. And so that is something we are working with Lockheed currently in bench testing basically, their innovation and trying to bring the cost of treating this water down, which, of course, will help to export this technology around the world, and for other applications around the world.    Mr. Bilodeau. Well, now it is infinite. It is dozens of times we continually reprocess the water that comes to us.    Mr. Bilodeau. Yes. And briefly, I agree with Mr. Oldfield in that. USAID has led the way in terms of international financing. In our case, our entire program has cost $600 million to build. Much of that was financed by ourselves and some help from the State of California, and also we have received $20 million from the Title XVI Program.    But we provide water for 850,000 people now with our system, and so you can understand the economies of scale there and the metrics.    Mr. Bilodeau. Yes. And briefly, as he mentioned, the key is that many of these areas are lacking the proper sanitation facilities. The sanitation facility is essentially the river. And if we could help developing countries develop proper sanitation facilities in concert with water reuse facilities, it solves two problems simultaneously.