    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks for agreeing to hold this hearing, and for the opportunity to discuss the proposal to privatize the ATC system.    Before we talk about that, I do want to thank you and Chairman LoBiondo, who have worked with Ranking Member DeFazio and myself, and all the Members on every other title, as well, in the FAA reauthorization bill that was introduced last week. As a result, the bill is full of bipartisan provisions to increase airport investment, to improve U.S. manufacturers' ability to get products to market, to integrate unmanned aircraft, and to improve air service for the traveling public. A majority of the bill is a product of bipartisan efforts that will move the country's aviation system forward in a big way.    However, I still continue to believe that privatizing the ATC in the U.S. would be a science experiment with a lot of potential to go wrong. I want to highlight two areas where I think the implications of this mistake are most evident and problematic.    The first deals with NextGen. Now, while we can acknowledge that the implementation has been slow and expensive, it is now moving forward, thanks in large part to Chairman LoBiondo's efforts. The FAA is finally reaching and passing important milestones on major industry priorities such as DataComm, multiple runway operations, and other things. So I guess I would just note that breaking apart the FAA at a time when it is making real and important strides as far as NextGen implementation would be unwise. I would say, in fact, that we are on a nonstop flight with NextGen implementation, but we are headed for a 7-year-plus layover with privatization.    The other area that causes me great concern, and where the proposal is only partially thought out at best, is what privatization would mean to the Department of Defense. Earlier this week I had the opportunity to speak with representatives from the Department of Defense about ATC privatization. The last conversation we had about this was in May, and the concerns have not changed. While they have a list, and I have a few of those that is in my statement there--so it is not an exhaustive list--I think it is critical for the committee to hear a few takeaways from that meeting.    First, the one thing that is clear to me about where DOD fits into ATC privatization is that we have very little clarity on this issue. DOD currently controls nearly 15 percent of the Nation's airspace. Not 15 percent of the flights, but 15 percent of the airspace. But this bill gives the Department a mere advisory role on the board of directors, a demotion from its current equal footing partnership with the FAA. The Department of Defense may have little to no say about routes and airspace because the bill does little to explain how the board would make these decisions with the DOD.    Additionally, after decades of Government-to-Government relationships, the FAA and the DOD conduct day-to-day ATC operations under the guidance of various MOUs and policy agreements. How would this relationship be handled under privatization? How would dispute resolution be settled? We aren't sure, because the bill is silent on these issues.    If the Corporation's goal is to maximize efficiency and reduce user fees, how would it maintain assets like primary radar that the DOD uses?    We are also--I'm not sure how special-use airspace will operate, how user fees will be charged to international state aircraft, or how joint civilian and military installations will handle air traffic. And the list doesn't stop there.    As we all know, the FAA's role in securing our national airspace is critical to homeland defense. This has been accomplished through longstanding and well-articulated agreements between the FAA and the DOD. I am concerned that entrusting this mission to a private-sector entity separate from the Government would be a reckless decision with potentially dire consequences that we may not have thought through yet, and they have not been fully aired.    DOD's role in this privatization is undeveloped, uncertain, and undermined. Giving DOD a mere advisory role with no other discussion about the challenges reminds me of the role that Coldplay had in the Super Bowl halftime show.    Mr. Larsen. Billed as a headliner, but quickly outshined. Sorry, Coldplay.    Mr. Larsen. As we sit here today, the simple fact is that privatization raises too many questions that we just cannot answer, especially 1 week after seeing the legislation. I do not see how this proposal can go through until we get clear answers on these issues.    Before this legislation moves further, this committee has responsibility to get clarity about what privatization means for national security, what impacts it could have, not on some users of the system, but on all users of the system. We haven't had those conversations, and we must.    In conclusion, I do want to reemphasize there is much to commend in this legislation. There is much bipartisan work that has been done. And, like a ship that is weighed down by an anchor so it can't go any farther, I think we should lop off the anchor of ATC privatization, and let the rest of this bill sail on.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Poole, thanks for being here, helping us out again on this. One day you and I will agree on something.    Mr. Larsen. But I wanted to get back to my opening statement and ask your opinion about Coldplay--no, about----    Mr. Larsen . About defense issues, in particular. You have done quite a bit of work on this issue of privatization and--but I am wondering if you have thought through--beyond a seat at the board, which is what you have recommended.    Mr. Larsen. But this is really more than just about a seat at the board, it is about operations and such.    Mr. Larsen. Have you thought through or done any writing on that particular issue?    Mr. Larsen. Right.    Mr. Larsen. Yes, I can't imagine that the other countries that we have discussed today probably have--would have the--to the extent that the MOAs and the MOUs exist between FAA and DOD, it is probably a unique pile, probably higher than the pile of paper that Mr. Calio has on his desk.    Mr. Larsen. So then, you couldn't estimate today sort of how long it would take to either unwind those and wind them back up, or to review and replace and--so that those relationships----    Mr. Larsen. Yes. There are some issues, though, with regards to that very question. And you touched on it earlier, you suggested that a more cost-effective air navigation service provider would drive down a unit cost and provide services. And that has been the focus, cost effectiveness. Not as a criticism of the DOD, but a lot of times cost effectiveness isn't the primary goal----    Mr. Larsen . Of the----    Mr. Larsen. It is certainly a factor, but not the primary purpose. And so, how--has there been anything--and maybe not your thinking. Has anyone else thought about how the DOD would reconcile its needs vis-a-vis the Corporation, when--if the Corporation is determining cost effectiveness, but the DOD has other----    Mr. Larsen. Yes, right.    Mr. Larsen. But then do you--you know, I had all these great questions for you. It is hard to ask them, because if you haven't thought about these over your 30 years of experience, who has thought about these questions over 30 years of----    Mr. Larsen. Well, it just--it seems to me that--this is just the beginning of the questions I have about this issue. And it actually might be better for the Armed Services Committee to explore these issues from a DOD perspective, as opposed to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee solely exploring these from a----    Mr. Larsen. You would agree with that?    Mr. Larsen. Thank you. We agree on that.    Mr. Larsen. I appreciate it. I yield back.