    Ms. Mitrano. Thank you.    Well, first of all, I don't think that we differ with the President's statement or this committee's stated desire for accountability within VA. Certainly, we are all about trying to hold people accountable for those unethical and those egregious-type conduct actions that we have seen displayed. However, this piece of legislation extends to all of the GS employees throughout VA, and it is targeted at VA only, it is not a government-wide reform of course. And we believe it simply is going a bit too far when it comes to the due process depravations to that broad a group of employees.    Ms. Mitrano. Well, at least it would not then have the disparate effect of targeting VA employees only in this time. I think that certainly some studies should be done to improve the government-wide adverse action or----    Ms. Mitrano. Well, I think the scope of the legislation is what is changing here in this piece of legislation. It is not just the most senior leaders and VA who have the responsibility, higher level of responsibility of ensuring these types of actions don't occur, but it is the wage grade employees, it is all the way down, as my colleague from AFGE mentioned, to the folks that are cleaning the hospitals out and providing service to our employees.    And this legislation certainly does deprive them, basically, of every due process right to their livelihood. And so I think that the scope is significantly different when you look at the 350,000 or more employees that VA has, a third of which are veterans themselves, who have put their own lives on the line fighting for the very constitutional protections, such as due process and the preservation of property right or the right to preserve your livelihood.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes. My understanding is that the political appointees serve at the pleasure of the President, and they are subject to at-will employment.    Ms. Mitrano. Well, below the political appointees are the Senior Executive Service employees.    Ms. Mitrano. The SES, exactly. And the SES are covered by the legislation that was already passed, dealing with the expedited removal authority.    And then the level below the SES are what we typically refer to as the GS ranks, the General Schedule ranks, of Federal civilian employees that are currently subject to the pending legislation.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes. Yes, sir.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes. Exactly, sir.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes. Absolutely, sir.    Ms. Mitrano. Absolutely.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes.    Mr. Takano.    Ms. Mitrano. Absolutely.    Ms. Mitrano. Yes.    Ms. Mitrano. Thank you for the opportunity.    Our concerns with 1994 really drive around the due process deprivations for employees. I mean, the Supreme Court has held that a Federal job, or a job, is a property right, and the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution certainly says that you shall not be deprived of your property without due process of the law.    This legislation actually would allow the Secretary to fire a Federal employee, remove them from their livelihood, with no notice, with no written reasons proffered, pretty much on the spot.    That employee would then have 7 days to appeal to the Merit Systems Protection Board, but that would be a post-deprivation, it would be after they have already been fired they will have some right to appeal the action while they are unemployed. They have to file within 7 days, which is a fairly abbreviated timeframe that, you know, some employees might not be able to make.    If they do get an appeal within 7 days, the Merit Systems Protection Board's judge is required to issue a decision within 45 days, which is also a very abbreviated time for a judge to convene a hearing and gather enough information to have a hearing. If the 45 days is not met by the administrative judge for whatever reason beyond the employee's control, or beyond VA's control certainly, the VA's decision becomes final at that time.    So, really, if taken in the worst-case scenario, an employee at the VA could be deprived of their livelihood on the spot and never have an opportunity to present reasons why that decision was mistaken or, perhaps, given some ability to defend him- or herself. So that is a significant concern.    Ms. Mitrano. Ma'am----    Ms. Mitrano. I understand.    Ms. Mitrano. No, I understand----    Ms. Mitrano. Yes, it is part of due process. But it----