    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman's time is expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman's time is expired.    The chair now recognizes the ranking member, Mr. Cummings of Maryland.    Mr. Palmer. Without objection ----    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman yields.    The chair recognizes Mr. Hice of Georgia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman's time is expired.    The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Jersey, Mrs. Watson Coleman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. Will the gentlewoman yield? Will the ----    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman yields.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman yields.    I would just like to point out and remind the committee that this topic, this hearing topic again back in February with a hearing that we had with the GSA regarding Federal agencies' handling of firearms. This committee sent letters to 34 agencies for information on their firearms inventories and how they are handling them, and I will also say that this discussion will continue.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gosar, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman yields.    The chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Palmer. The gentlewoman's time has expired.    Mrs. Maloney.--and let's just join hands and work together to get the guns out off the streets, no fire, no buy, and comprehensive background checks. It is common sense.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Palmer. The gentlewoman yields.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Russell.--on that issue. And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett.    Mr. Palmer. The gentlewoman yields back.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman yields.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Connolly from Virginia for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. The gentleman yields.    I now recognize myself for questions, and would just like to point out that among those who were lost to gun violence, according to the FBI statistics, 11,900 and something were homicides and less than 8,200 were related to gun violence.    Mr. Ellis, in July of 2015 an illegal foreign national five-time deportee from Mexico stole a Bureau of Land Management ranger's gun and shot and murdered 31-year-old Kate Steinle who died in her father's arms. How did the shooter manage to steal that firearm?    Mr. Palmer. Just for the sake of time just answer the question.    Mr. Palmer. Was the vehicle locked or did they break into it?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Are the BLM rangers required to undergo training for firearm management?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Let me point out that they are required to attend special firearm training held by the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and after the training is complete, the rangers complete a second field training and evaluation program where they learn the job and several duty locations across the States. Annual and quarterly training is also required for firearms, defensive tactics, physical fitness, and other job skills. In other words, the ranger is responsible for his assigned firearm, isn't that true?    Mr. Palmer. And other equipment while off duty. Department of Interior departmental manual part 446, chapter 10, requires that each law enforcement officer is responsible for ensuring the security of his or her assigned firearm and other defensive equipment while on or off duty. And further, BLM's own manual, handbook, 1112-2 on safety and health for field operations, topic 17.6, requires that all firearms, when not in active use, shall be stored in a secure place out of sight under lock and key. Firearms will be unloaded prior to storage.    Considering what happened and the tragic nature of events after the theft of the firearm, was that ranger disciplined?    Mr. Palmer. Why not? That is in direct violation of your handbook.    Mr. Palmer. So this policy just--you are telling me that this manual policy that I just read you was put in place after Kate Steinle was murdered?    Mr. Palmer. No, I asked you ----    Mr. Ellis.--this was not covered ----    Mr. Palmer. I am asking you, now answer the question. BLM's manual handbook 1112-2 on safety and health for field operations, topic 17.6, was that in place before Kate Steinle was murdered?    Mr. Palmer. The answer is yes. I mean, you know your own policy, don't you?    Mr. Palmer. Was it loaded?    Mr. Palmer. Was the firearm loaded?    Mr. Palmer. I am asking you was the firearm loaded?    Mr. Palmer. Let me ask you this. You say that standard firearms issue for each officer is a semiautomatic pistol for primary duty carry, a semiautomatic pistol as a backup weapon, a shotgun, and a semiautomatic rifle. Would you describe that rifle?    Mr. Palmer. What caliber? What caliber?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. So it is an AR-15, but the Federal inventory does not list that as an assault weapon. It lists it, properly so, as a semiautomatic rifle, is that correct?    Mr. Palmer. That is right.    Mr. Ellis.--my understanding, we have no automatic rifles, no automatic pistols, no automatic firearms in the BLM inventory.    Mr. Palmer. I thank you for making that distinction between what is or is not an assault weapon. I yield back.    I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. DeSaulnier, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. DeSaulnier.    I want to follow up on your line of questioning there. For what purpose was the BLM ranger in San Francisco?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. So it was official or unofficial for him to be in San Francisco?    Mr. Palmer. Let me ask you this. When you assign agents to a particular locality, whether they are assigned to the locality or in this case passing through on their way to another assignment, are they required to comply with State laws?    Mr. Palmer. So ----    Mr. Ellis.--when they ----    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Ellis, are you aware that under California's penal code 25610 a gun transported in a car must be kept in the trunk or within a locked container?    Mr. Palmer. You are not aware of that. So do you know whether or not the BLM ranger had the gun in the trunk in a locked container?    Mr. Palmer. So the answer is he was not in compliance with California State law? That would be--the answer is yes.    Mr. Palmer. So the answer is no, he was not complying with California State law. Didn't BLM also break California law? Would that be your understanding, and would they not be subject to penalties under California State law?    Mr. Palmer. Is it not your responsibility, though, to make sure that your rangers at least have a working knowledge of the State laws in which they are working or passing through?    Mr. Palmer. I ----    Mr. Palmer. I don't expect them to be experts, but you have a responsibility to make sure that your agents comply with State and Federal law. You said that at the outset when I first brought this up, but you clearly didn't.    I would like to recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings from Maryland.    Mr. Cummings.--and we depend so much on what you all do. And again, I want to thank you. We think it is good, and the bill goes in the right direction and hopefully it helps you.    Thank you all very much.    Mr. Palmer. I would like to associate myself with Mr. Gowdy's remarks in regard to Mr. Horowitz. I appreciate the great work that you have done. I also appreciate each of the witnesses. I want to thank you for your testimony today and for the members of the committee that participated.    If there is no further business, this hearing is adjourned.