    Mr. Burgess. The subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade will now come to order. The chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Good morning all, and welcome to today's Disrupter Series hearing on self-driving cars, a groundbreaking technological development that has the potential to completely transform and redefine the vehicle and transportation system that we know and understand today.    Because this may be the last time that we have the privilege of having Dr. Rosekind before our subcommittee, let me first thank him for his service. He has always cooperated with this committee and we have continued to improve the agency, the recall process and, although it has been a big task, I believe improve safety. Thank you, Dr. Rosekind, for your service.    Self-driving cars promise to be the most significant automobile-related safety development in our lifetimes. This hearing will kick off what I expected to be a major focus of this subcommittee really for years to come and the reason is simple. Last year, automobile-related fatalities were around 35,000 and rose for the first time in nearly a decade. My home State of Texas was about ten percent of that: 3,516. The vast majority of those fatalities are still related to human behavior. Already, we have heard that fatalities are up again for the first half of this year. Truly self-driving cars are not about to be deployed in any great numbers anytime soon but the sooner we can safely get them to market, the sooner we can start saving lives. I, for one, am not among those who are worried that the adoption of this new technology will outpace safety. It will not be broadly adopted before it is ready. Our job is to be really smart and identify a path forward where the government can provide a cop on the beat for the industry and respond quickly where safety incidents arise. But we cannot let the government paralyze the very innovation that promises to make us safer.    I think National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's recent guidance is well-meaning. We obviously worry greatly about its implementation. Waiting for the government to approve technology is never a good formula. That said, we must remain vigilant in areas like cybersecurity where industry must be held accountable if they are not taking reasonable measures.    In addition to safety, self-driving cars promise a reduction in fuel emissions and energy consumption as a result of improved mobility and more efficient traffic flows. Self-driving vehicles may also allow for more efficient land use instead of wasting resources on parking in city lots. We can also expect to see an increase in transport and mobility opportunities such as ride-hailing and rise-sharing services; opportunities for labor cost savings; improved transportation access for disabled, elderly, and underserved populations; and other enhancements that improve the societal and economic welfare of communities across the country. This is what makes the development and deployment of autonomous cars so exciting: their impact will be virtually limitless.    As Dean Kamen reminded all of us at our last Disrupter Series hearing, we cannot afford to let the perfect be the enemy of the good. That means allowing innovators to innovate, allow them to develop the technology and give them the flexibility to test its potential. Preemptive action on the part of regulators before gaining a full understanding or appreciation of self-driving cars may lead to unintended consequences that limit the capabilities of this emerging technology and its promised life-saving, economic, and societal benefits.    I want to thank our witnesses for taking the time to inform us about this technology and I look forward to a thoughtful and engaging discussion.    Mr. Burgess. Let me yield back my time and recognize the vice chairwoman of the full committee for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady. Does anyone else on the Republican side seek time for an opening statement? Seeing none, we are going to depart from regular order. Dr. Rosekind, just I will ask you to go ahead with your opening statement. I will not interrupt you when members of the Democratic side arrive. They will then be recognized for opening statements but my intention is to allow you to deliver your entire remarks before we do that.    We do want to thank all of our witnesses for being here today and taking the time to testify before the subcommittee. Today's hearing will consist of two panels. Each panel of witnesses will have an opportunity to give an opening statement, followed by a round of questions by members. Once we conclude with questions of the first panel, we will take a brief recess to set up for the second panel.    Our first panel for today's hearing is Dr. Mark Rosekind, the Administrator at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. We appreciate you being here today. We will begin the panel with Dr. Rosekind and you are now recognized for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. Now, as I previously outlined, we will go back to member opening statements and Ms. Schakowsky is recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    Is Mr. Kennedy likely to be coming back or can we proceed with questions? Very well.    And Dr. Rosekind, we thank you for your testimony. We will move into the question and answer portion of the hearing. I am going to begin the questioning by yielding to Leonard Lance from New Jersey for his questions.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back. The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back. The chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Cardenas, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back. The chair recognizes the gentlelady from Indiana, Mrs. Brooks, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman. The chair would remind the subcommittee that the chair allowed members to go first. So, I am going to ask my questions now at the end.    And Dr. Rosekind, again, it has been a privilege to come to the subcommittee. Every time you are here, you and I talk briefly about the safercar.gov Web site so that people can check for recalls on their vehicles. And I just think it is extremely important, as we are coming into the Thanksgiving driving season. You ought to do it. You ought to do it for your spouse's car. You ought to do it for your kids' cars. You ought to just be sure. As we have learned over the last year and a half or 2 years, the recalls can change and what was not under recall a few months ago could be under recall today. So, I do encourage people to take advantage of the fact that you will make that information available to them. And although it is not part of our hearing today, I wonder if you could give us just a brief update of where we are with the Takata air bag situation and what you see as some of the next steps.    Mr. Burgess. So that you are----    Mr. Burgess. Well, I am encouraged that you say that the solution or a solution is now within reach and I am grateful for that.    Let me just ask you, and several people have asked you about the letters, the safety assessment letter on self-driving vehicles. And I appreciate why that information is necessary and, unlike you, I think more data is good. At the same time, from the manufacturers' perspective, I can see that perhaps there might be some liability concerns about putting too much information out there. And then, of course, the tendency is to hold back because you don't want to incur that liability. Have you worked through that issue at all?    Mr. Burgess. One of the things I really dislike about driving is to have to get a vehicle inspection every year but I do it because it is the law in Texas. You are talking about systems that are going into cars that likely are going to require some maintenance, some calibration, some checking from time to time. Do you see this as being included as part of a standard vehicle safety inspection?    Mr. Burgess. Every time I back out of my driveway and the little backup camera comes on and I, of course, think of Ms. Schakowsky because she is associated with that. But I have also learned, since having one of those backup cameras on my car, that every now and then I have got to get out and squeegee the little sensor or the little lens because it can get so occluded that I couldn't see anything. If the neighbors' cat was walking back there, it would be lights out.    So, I understand that there is a modicum of maintenance that the operator must provide. The vehicle can't do everything for you all the time.    Again, it has been a pleasure to have you in the subcommittee. Oh, I beg your pardon. Mr. Kinzinger has showed up. So, let me yield 5 minutes to Mr. Kinzinger for questions.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    There being no other members wishing to ask questions, I do want to thank our witness for being here today. This will conclude our first panel. Again, Dr. Rosekind, thank you for your service. We will take a brief, two-minute recess to set up for the second panel.    Mr. Burgess. Welcome back. Thank you all for your patience and I thank our panel for taking the time to be here today. We will move into the second panel for today's hearing. We will follow the same format as the first panel. Each witness has 5 minutes for an opening statement, followed by questions from members.    For our second panel, we have the following witnesses: Mr. Mitch Bainwol, President and CEO for the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers; Mr. Kirk Steudle, Director at Michigan Department of Transportation; Ms. Laura MacCleery, Vice President of Consumer Policy and Mobilization at Consumer Reports; Ms. Ann Wilson, Senior Vice President at the Motor and Equipment Manufacturers Association; and Mr. Gary Shapiro, President and CEO at the Consumer Technology Association.    We do appreciate you all being here today. Mr. Bainwol, why don't we begin with you? You are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. Mr. Steudle is recognized for 5 minutes, please, for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. Ms. MacCleery, you are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady. Ms. Wilson, you are recognized for 5 minutes, please, for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Shapiro, you are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman. And I thank all of our witnesses for their testimony today.    We will move into the question portion of the hearing and I actually would like to go to the gentleman from Kentucky first for his questions.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady. The chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    The chair would observe that we have been joined by the Ranking Member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, and I will be happy to go to him next to him for questions, 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I do want to point out to the gentleman from New Jersey that I did not take my time for questions and allowed the members of the subcommittee to go first. So, now I am consuming 5 minutes. I didn't want you to think that I was giving myself an additional time.    But I do want to thank all of you. This has been a fascinating discussion. Now, tomorrow, we are going to have another joint subcommittee hearing with the telecom subcommittee on this very issue of the denial of service attacks, not so much as affect the automotive industry but it does raise a rather odd specter for being a cyber carjacking and someone actually being able to take over your vehicle. I don't know if you could actually access the Bitcoins from the dashboard or not but it is an interesting problem that when you think about it for the future and the ability to have security of the cybersecurity necessary in these vehicles is going to be critical.    And I assume right down the line that you all are focused on that with both your manufacturing, aftermarket, and the consumer electronics. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Steudle.    Mr. Burgess. Very well. Mr. Shapiro?    Mr. Burgess. Very good. And Mr. Shapiro, you referenced and Ms. Schakowsky had a question about addressing a child left in a hot car. And it does seem that automobiles are getting so darn smart that they ought to be able to tell if there is a life form contained within and if the internal temperature is incompatible with that life form continuing and somehow let someone know--I live in a part of the country where it does extremely warm in the summertime and then these types of accidents, unfortunately, they are prominent when they do occur because it is a very prominent tragedy and if there is a way to prevent that, I would just add those children who are lost in a hot car or even a pet who is lost in a hot car as to those lives that could be saved that you alluded to at the beginning of your discussion.    I was talking to Dr. Rosekind before he left and I remember when my children became of driving age. That was a long time ago, but like any cheap dad, I was thinking well, we will get them a whatever kind of heap I can go find in the aftermarket or the used car market. And I think it was another physician who pointed out to me that you know the kids just starting to drive is the one who needs to the antilock brakes. You have got them on your Thunderbird but you don't really need it because you are not going to be in the same situation.    So, it is a paradigm shift for parents to think in terms of putting that lane departure warning or automatic braking, putting their first car that their child drives ought to have the protection of those things, in my opinion. And my thinking has shifted on that over the years. But those are the lives that I think could be saved.    We had a tragic accident back in my hometown. Two mothers and two daughters were in opposite cars or cars driving in opposite directions and there was a distracted driving situation, it was assumed, but all four died. And this is in a town that already has a prohibition on texting while driving.    So, the law is already there. We are looking now, the city is looking at is there some way we can beef up the law. Is there some way that enforcement can be increased? But it is a terrible, terrible problem and I like the idea of technology being able to prevent some of those accidents. So, I am very much in favor of what you are discussing.    In your written testimony, you do have the paragraph of most concern is a proposal to grant NHTSA preapproval authority for new vehicles. That concerned me also when I read that, that it would be a major increase in authority for NHTSA by allowing NHTSA to approve every new model in every model year before it comes to market. That was a pretty startling statement that you made there but I assume that is a concern that you have from the consumer electronics area.    Mr. Burgess. I am sure the Automotive Alliance will.    Mr. Burgess. And then did you have a comment about the preapproval?    Mr. Burgess. I do want to mention that Tesla, BMW, and Audi had vehicles available for subcommittee members to look at this morning out on the street. Time constraints wouldn't permit me to look at all of them but I was struck in one of the cars. I won't mention the name but the size of the screen in the middle of the console was bigger than my television at home. And we are talking about distracted driving. That car has to drive itself because you are going to be watching whatever video is going, the GPS, and everything else. Really it was a startling technological development but I am sure it can be overwhelming for people who get behind the wheel, particularly a youngster who is not used to driving.    So, anyway, do you have a follow-up question, Mr. Ranking Member?    Well, thank you to our second panel. Seeing that there are no further members wishing to ask questions of this panel, I would thank all our witnesses for being here today.    Before we conclude, I would like to include the following documents to be submitted for the record by unanimous consent: a letter from the Property Casualty Insurers Association of America, a letter from the Global Automakers.    Mr. Burgess. Pursuant to committee rules, I remind members they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record. I ask the witnesses to submit their response within 10 days upon receipt of those questions.    And we have one more letter from OTA to submit for by unanimous consent. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. We will insert it both today and tomorrow. How is that?    Without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned. Thank you all.