    Ms. Edwards. Thank you. I have waited six years on this Committee to hear that, and I want to thank our witnesses and obviously our Chairpersons and Ranking Members.    You know, I remember when I first came on to the Committee that it was in the throes, I guess the summer of--I don't know--2008, and it was at a time when there was great consternation about the satellite programs, the management of those, the relationship between NASA and NOAA and DoD, and I think that we have come--we heard from GAO at that time and I think we have come a long way since then, and so I really wanted to be able to salute NASA and NOAA for, you know, after some period of time in fits and starts figuring out the working relationship using the best capabilities of NASA and NOAA to make sure that we could try to get this program back on track.    As the GAO has indicated, you know, we still have some challenges obviously and possibilities for gaps in coverage, and so that remains a concern for the Committee in addition to the predicted cost. I think we started out with the idea that we were going to have six satellites. Now we are at two. And so this has been a really difficult thing.    I want to also acknowledge that today in our audience are a group of students from the University of Maryland in College Park, which is the home to NOAA's Center for Weather and Climate Prediction. The home for NOAA is actually in Suitland, Maryland, right down the street from my office. I spent a lot of time there. I think I did go to observe the NPP launch, and thankfully, rather than just being an experimental platform, it is usable and operational, because I think that helps in the consideration of this discussion.    I guess the question I have actually has to do with the gaps in coverage, and I understand, you know, the imprecision with which one can predict whether there is going to be a gap or not, but I wonder, Dr. Volz, if you could respond to the idea that--of what NOAA's current gap assessment is, and it is also my understanding that NOAA is estimating a longer life expectancy for NPP than before because of its strong performance to date and, you know, so what is your anticipation of the operational period for NPP and what activities are being undertaken to ensure NPP's longevity?    Ms. Edwards. And so in hearing that, I mean, if I look at the various scenarios, and I understand the chart that we have has been updated since then, but that would mean that we are falling more in the range of, you know, a scenario one than we are in a scenario three where there would potentially be a much wider gap in coverage if we are making some predictions that NPP has greater lifespan and capacity than we might have thought originally. Is that right?    Ms. Edwards. Thanks, and just in closing, I just want to share with the Chairman and Ranking Members, it is my understanding that in the President's budget proposal, there is an absolute recognition that we are actually now, with respect to these satellites, really not focused on the development of climate sensors but really focused on weather, and I think that that also represents a change in strategy and direction over the last several years, and with that, I yield.    Ms. Edwards. You are so kind, Mr. Chairman. Thank you very much.    I wanted to get back to the ATMS issues, and I wanted to hear from Mr. Clarke, because there were some comments about ATMS being on a critical path, and I am wondering what your, you know, take is on the status of ATMS, and I am a little bit curious that if ATMS is integrated in NPP and we are not--maybe we have seen some of the problems that we are, you know, experiencing with JPSS development, but if that is true, is it an integration problem with JPSS rather than an instrument problem? And give us an idea of the kinds of things that you are concerned about there.    Ms. Edwards. Thank you very much, because I didn't want us to leave here just thinking while you have got, you know, ATMS, NPP, just plop it up and, you know, set it into JPSS and so what is the problem, and so I appreciate your comments, and with that, I yield the balance of my time.