    Dr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Christy, I know you said it perhaps in jest a little bit, but I would agree that prayer is probably the most effective thing we can do for a drought. We certainly can't legislate the rain to come.    Mr. Gosar brought this up a while ago, about one of the purposes of NEPA is transparency. The draft guidance suggests that agencies incorporate the social cost of carbon into the NEPA review documents. Just your opinion, was the social cost of carbon created in a transparent manner, Dr. Christy?    Dr. Hice. So you are saying there are problems with the social cost of carbon?    Dr. Hice. All right. With that train of thought, is the social cost of carbon based solely on domestic costs, or does it include global?    Dr. Hice. OK. Does anyone have the answer to that?    Dr. Hice. It does?    Dr. Hice. OK. Mr. Martella, I will just let you continue this question, since you brought that up. Since agencies really cannot consider global impacts into NEPA analysis, how are they supposed to extrapolate the foreign costs from the social cost of carbon?    Dr. Hice. Yes, and they can't go beyond the scope of the regulations. So what is the point of dealing with it from a global perspective, period? We have a major problem there.    Back to you, Dr. Christy. Just from your perspective, how large would a project really have to be before it would have a direct impact on the environment or a climate change?    Dr. Hice. So it is not going to happen, in your opinion.    Dr. Hice. All right, and then you add into the equation no ability for us to control foreign governments when it comes to them being involved with these environmental policies.    What in the world would we have to do to have a significant impact on climate change?    Dr. Hice. Well, you have created a computer program that creates weather simulations. Is that correct?    Dr. Hice. OK. You take output from computer models. How long has that been taking place, these models?    Dr. Hice. Have they been peer reviewed?    Dr. Hice. OK.    Dr. Hice. OK, thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. Let me ask a few questions, if I could, here.    Ms. Goldfuss, first of all, just tell me if you agree with this statement. The National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA, is a procedural statute that requires an environmental review regarding major Federal actions significantly affecting the quality of human environment.