    Mr. DiLisio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thanks for the opportunity to speak about the state of readiness. I also have not only sealift, but the Combat Logistics Force and a bunch of special mission ships that do all kinds of great things for our nation.    We continue to meet operational requirements while driving innovative and nontraditional solutions to global logistics. I am honored to be joined today by Deputy Commander U.S. Transportation Command, Lieutenant General Lyons and the Maritime Administrator, Mr. Jaenichen. We are true partners. We work very hard together, and we have worked very hard on some of these issues we are about to talk about.    I want to take a brief minute and talk about someone other than the mariners and recognize the people of the Military Sealift Command and the Maritime Administration. The ships and facilities they operate worldwide would not work without the skilled operators and support people. And they create our readiness.    The Combat Logistics Force and strategic sealift missions are accomplished by an organic fleet comprised of 122 ships. These ships support numerous missions, including at-sea resupply of our naval combatants; pre-positioning of critical unit equipment; ammunition and sustainment for Marine Corps, Army, and the Air Force; humanitarian assistance and disaster relief activity; towing; diving and salvage operations worldwide; rapid intratheater movement of cargo and personnel; and afloat staging capabilities.    The Navy's Combat Logistics Force ships resupply Navy forces at sea, enabling carrier strike groups and amphibious ready groups to operate forward and remain on station during peacetime and war.    The Combat Logistics Force ships include replenishment oilers, T-AOs; fast combat support ships, T-AOEs; dry cargo and ammunition ships, T-AKEs. The T-AOs primarily provide fuel, but they are limited in their ability to provide dry cargo. T-AOEs and T-AKEs are multi-product ships.    This year, we will begin recapitalizing our oilers with the award of the USNS John Lewis (T-AO 205) would be our newest oiler.    The strategic sealift program provides necessary transportation of Marine Corps and Army combat equipment, fuel, and sustainment. The capabilities are provided to the combatant commanders through three methods: afloat pre-positioning, surge sealift, and sustainment shipping. Methods encompass 85 organic ships with each providing a crucial set of capabilities when called for tasking or activated for service.    The pre-positioned fleet is strategically located in key areas based on anticipated need, ensuring ready access for contingencies. Doing so provides flexible, rapid response of military equipment, combat gear, supplies essential to sustaining initial phases of contingencies, including major combat operations.    The Expeditionary Transfer Dock --and Mr. Chairman, I promised you I would use both sets of acronyms until we are all comfortable with them--formerly the Mobile Landing Platform, MLP, joined the large, medium-speed, roll-on/roll-off ships as part of the maritime pre-positioning force.    The combination enables greater sea-basing capability and increased flexibility across the operational area. The ESD is a tremendously versatile ship and will act as a floating base for expeditionary operations.    Equipped with a deployable vehicle ramp, the ESD is an intermediary transfer point for troops, equipment, and sustainment moved ashore by landing craft, air cushion, and, here is the other one, Expeditionary Fast Transport, EPF, formerly Joint High-Speed Vessel .    The EPF is designed for high-speed intratheater transport. Experimentation is revealing more potential missions to include high-speed logistics shuttle work, humanitarian assistance, theater security cooperation, and security force assistance.    Surge ships are the second subset of sealift, and we will talk about that more. And I will cut my comments brief. We have talked a bit about the surge.    Right now, we are working with fleet commanders to complement both Combat Logistics Force and strategic sealift capabilities by examining innovative ways to improve capability and capacity to perform theater security cooperation missions that also enhance overall Navy combat force capability. This is done through a variety of adaptive force packaging. These can create cost-effective opportunities for our fleet to expand support missions and sustain global presence.    We will continue to support forward presence, relieve stress on the rest of the force through traditional and innovative approaches. We will continue to rely on the CLF force to include our new ships that we are introducing and strategic sealift as they contribute to the Navy's tenets.    I also want to thank you for your continued support of our force. And thank you again for the opportunity to appear before the subcommittee. Thanks.    Mr. DiLisio. EPF.    Mr. DiLisio. Thank you for the question. Most of what we are finding out right now is through experimentation. So there is quite a difference between being interested in experimental work vice full deployment. And as you might gather, we are into our early deployments on these ships.    So I have really only got two ships that are in full deployment status and two coming. The total complement was 10, not 18. We had truncated the program at some point in time to 10.    And the interesting part is they are good for 270 days a year. We couple about 90 days for maintenance for a ship. These ships, because they are made out of aluminum and they are fast transports, they have to be dry-docked every year.    So there is a trade-off between me telling you thank you very much for the additional ship and then me figuring out how to blend in the operational costs of that across the total force. And so I pick up a dry dock every year for every ship I get. And so it does become a challenge balancing that.    That said, I do believe over the course of the next year or so we are going to find that that ship is very versatile. I am sure you have heard some noise--news--you have heard some news about----    Mr. DiLisio. It could be.    That was maybe a Freudian slip.    But you have heard about some of the things we are learning as we operate the ship. We have taken the ship into higher sea states in some cases and had some cracking. We have gone and fixed those. So we are kind of in the infant stage with the     I do believe that ship will grow up very fast, but there is a trade between every ship we add, and then how wide I can space the operational costs as we utilize that force.    I hope that answers your question.    Mr. DiLisio. Fair enough to say that it is a large, open space. If you can envision the mission space of the ship being large enough to carry six Abrams tanks, it has got a lot of open space. So anything you can do in modular fashion and you can drive up the ramp, anything that you can put into a 20 foot by 20 foot container or a 20-foot-long container, it could be a special missions operation, it could be anything you could put in a 7-meter or 11-meter RHIB off the side of the vessel, it could be anything you can fly off of the flight deck, whether that is manned or unmanned. And I am just kind of giving you a wide scope of things that are opportunities.    And they operate all over the world. So also you could get into a modular form of logistics supply and delivery for other ships, anything that you can bring up that ramp.    We talked a little bit about the ESD that is also in the Pacific. The EPF can mate skin-to-skin with that ship and reconfigure loads at sea, up to sea state about two-and-a-half. So if you are in fairly calm seas, reconfiguration at sea is now a possibility.    We had always wanted sea-basing capability over time, and this gets us closer to it.    Mr. DiLisio. Mr. Chairman, our current requirement for CLF ships is 29. The AOE takes us at 30, so that would be losing any margin I have, so I will be right at the margin with 29.    Mr. DiLisio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The USNS Rainier is the ship we are talking about right now. And that is a financial trade given the 40-plus million dollars of service life extension work I would need to do to her to keep her in service and the 60-plus million dollars a year it takes to operate her. So as it turns, it is a $100 million proposition for one ship. The alternative ships are in the $40, $50 million a year range.    Mr. DiLisio. That is unusual.    What I wanted to do, Mr. Chairman, was we have talked a lot about the MSP program and we talked about mariners. And certainly with my partners, everything they have told you, I agree with.    What I want to remind everyone is that we have 122 organic ships that we did not talk about that use the same mariner pool. And these are organic ships like the pre-positioning ships that are already in place, ready to go in theater in fully operational status with the very same mariners onboard.    So as what we have described as a catastrophe in the making, as the quality of the mariner pool begins to shrink, as the numbers shrink, the people that are going to be on the pointy end delivering Marine Corps and Army equipment is also going to be at risk.    And I will tell you, we pick the best we can find. But 122 organic ships, same mariners. That is all, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.