    Dr. Houry. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, I would like to thank you for inviting me here today to discuss this very important issue. I would also like to thank the committee for your continued interest in prescription opioid abuse and overdose. My name is Dr. Debra Houry, and I am the director of the National Center for Injury Prevention and Control at the     As a trained emergency room physician, I have seen firsthand the devastating impact of opioid addiction on individuals and their families, as well as the importance of prevention. Together, we have witnessed a deadly epidemic unfolding in States and communities across the country. The overdose epidemic is driven, in large part, by fundamental changes in the way healthcare providers prescribe opioid pain relievers. Enough prescriptions were filled in 2012 for every American adult to have their own bottle of pills. As the amount of opioids prescribed increased, so has the number of deaths.    In alignment with the Department's initiative, I want to highlight CDC's work in developing evidence-informed opioid prescribing guidelines for chronic pain and providing direct support to States to implement multi-sector prevention programs.    CDC is currently developing guidelines for the prescribing of opioids for chronic noncancer pain. This undertaking is responsive to a critical need in the field. These new guidelines will redefine best practices around opioid prescribing for chronic pain and make important advances in protecting patients. The audience for these guidelines are primary care practitioners, who account for the greatest number of prescriptions for opioids compared to other specialties. The guidelines process is underway, and our goal is to share a draft for public comment by the end of this year. We have plans in place to encourage uptake and usage of the guidelines among providers, which is key for improving prescribing practices.    The second activity I would like to highlight is our major investment in State-level prevention. States are at the front lines of this public health issue, and CDC is committed to equipping them with the expertise they need to reverse the epidemic and protect their communities. Utilizing the newly appropriated $20 million, we recently published a new funding opportunity called Prescription Drug Overdose: Prevention for States. It builds upon existing CDC-funded State programs and targets States that have a high drug overdose burden and those that demonstrate readiness needed to combat the epidemic. It requires collaboration across sectors for a truly comprehensive response.    The goals for this program are to make prescription drug monitoring programs more timely, easier to use, and able to communicate with other State PDMPs, to implement Medicaid or Workers' Compensation interventions to protect patients at risk, and to bring data-driven prevention to the communities struggling with the highest rates of drug abuse and overdose. States also will be given the flexibility to use the program to respond to emerging crises and develop innovative interventions so they know what works to reduce overdose and save lives in their community.    The development of opioid prescribing guidelines and our State prevention program are two key ways that CDC's broad work on the epidemic contributes to the Department's initiative.    We are also examining the increase in heroin use and overdose. Heroin overdose deaths have more than doubled since 2010, and prescription opioid abuse, a key risk factor for heroin use, has contributed significantly to this rise in heroin use and overdose. We will leverage our scientific expertise to improve public health surveillance of heroin and evaluate effective strategies to prevent future heroin overdoses.    Addressing this complex problem requires a multifaceted approach and collaboration among a variety of stakeholders, but it can be accomplished, particularly with the ongoing efforts of all of the organizations represented here on this panel.    CDC is committed to tracking and understanding the epidemic, supporting States working on the front lines of this crisis, and providing healthcare providers with the data, tools, and guidance they need to ensure safe patient care.    Thank you again for the opportunity to be here with you today and for your continued work and support of us protecting the public's health. I look forward to your questions.    Dr. Houry. Absolutely. I think States have different populations, different issues, different prescription drug monitoring programs, and so tailoring these programs for States so they can best identify, whether it's their State Medicaid program, other high-risk programs or patients and how to best target them, and that's why the program at the CDC is really helpful, because we have the higher level view to work across the States for this.    Dr. Houry. You know, I think we're starting to do that. Like, our program itself has only been in existence for 6 months, but we're seeing great progress. And if you look at some of the policies that States are implementing, we're seeing reductions in what we call doctor shopping and patients going to different doctors, because of utilizing prescription drug monitoring programs. So although it's early in the stage, I'm very optimistic that we are making progress in the States.    Dr. Houry. At CDC, we just focus really on the primary prevention and not as much of the care, so I would defer to the sister agencies on that.    Dr. Houry. The panelists here. FDA.    Dr. Houry. I would follow his statement. I don't have a personal opinion on methadone for pain. It's not something I did in my prior practice.    Dr. Houry. And I'd just like to add to that I'm really proud of all of the efforts CDC is doing on the ground in Indiana and in conjunction with agencies here, I agree completely with Director Botticelli about the access to medication-assisted treatment as well as the HIV therapy.    The other thing I would add is Indiana is number nine in the Nation for prescribing, and so there's a lot that can be done when you're looking at, again, trying to stop the epidemic before it even happens. So looking at, again, using the Prescription Drug Monitoring Programs, having better prescribing guidelines, so that people don't get addicted to opioids, then inject them. So that's the third component, I think, we really need to add.