    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank both of you for being here.    You know, we all agree that security must be the top priority, and there is no disagreement about that.    Mr. Roth, when you testified here in November, you were critical of certain programs that granted passengers access to expedited screening lanes when they had not undergone risk assessments. You also commended Administrator Neffenger. You said he ``deactivated certain risk assessment rules that granted expedited screening through pre-check lanes.'' Is that correct?    Mr. Clay. Okay. On March 24 the Bureau of Transportation Statistics issued a report that said ``U.S. airline and foreign airlines serving the U.S. carried an all-time high of 895.5 million system-wide.'' So, Administrator Neffenger, passenger volumes have been increasing, but the number of screeners in the TSA workforce has dropped by nearly 6,000 over the past 4 years. Is that right?    Mr. Clay. And why did this occur?    Mr. Clay. And, you know, I heard my friend Mr. Gowdy from South Carolina talk about he doesn't encounter much trouble. I travel through St. Louis Lambert Field weekly. It seems to have a shortage of employees, especially for the pre-check line. Probably 90 percent of the time that line is closed, and each time, staff gives me the excuse that they don't have enough personnel, enough security officers to check people. So it is very frustrating to my constituents who have paid the extra fee for pre-check. Is there a shortage of staff for airports like Lambert?    Mr. Clay. So in your opinion was TSA screener workforce sized appropriately to handle increasing passenger volumes?    Mr. Clay. Well, okay. Then perhaps you can help me. I annually give a career fair in St. Louis. It is the largest one held. I would love to involve your local staff and coming out in looking at potential candidates, and I will follow up with you on that.    Mr. Clay. On May 4 Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson issued a statement responding to increased waiting times, and he said this: ``TSA is increasing the staffing of TSOs to help expedite the checkpoint process without sacrificing security.'' Mr. Neffenger, what is the size of the screener workforce TSA needs to handle projected passenger volumes while ensuring that only passengers who are subjected to risk assessments are sent through expedited screening procedures?    Mr. Clay. Thank you both for your responses.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.