    Ms. Esty. Thank you very much. And I want to thank you all for joining us here today. And as somebody who as a high school student was in those Metros when they were being built, with my father, who as part of construction teams building them, I have particular interest in the legacy around how we maintain these systems. So a couple of different questions. First, Mr. Wiedefeld, on the safety culture, who are you looking at? What organizations or what institutions do you think we should be looking at to inculcate the kind of safety culture that needs to be instinct?    Ms. Esty. It needs to be instinct, and I believe it does have to be from the top. There's no such substitute for that.    Ms. Esty. I would agree. You know, I think checklists, manifests, are the sort of idea that you just, that it's baked into absolutely every decision that you make. And to empower workers to see that as their responsibility to get there first on following up on what the subcommittee chair Mrs. Comstock said. I think you look at something like Click it, Fix it, that is being done in cities to empower people who are users of the system, not as adversaries but as advocates for making sure that the highest priority situations are dealt with first.    So again, I, having recently been in Silicon Valley, there are a lot of entrepreneurs who are very eager to try to help democracy work well. And I think we need to find some way to tap into their energy and their intellectual capital in a way that helps us launch into the 21st century and not be tied up so much in frankly trying to update our computer systems that are three generations old. So I think a number of us are eager to try to help make those connections.    For Administrator Flowers, we have an ongoing issue, and it is not unique to transit, about the excitement about developing a big new system, whether it's a bridge or a road or an airport. We never put enough money aside for maintenance. For these heavily used transit systems it's absolutely essential, given what has happened here. Do you have suggestions for how we insist it is actually being spent as we go, that it cannot be postponed? Because we know that is the political imperative, is you'd rather go on and do something new, extend the system, whatever it is. Maintenance is never exciting. It's not sexy. But it is a disaster when the worst happens. Do you have suggestions for us as to how to restructure the deployment of that money or the incentives around it to make sure that it gets spent as it needs to be as we go?    Ms. Flowers. One of the criteria that we look at with the financial plans for new capital projects is to ensure that in the financial forecast, maintenance is included. And I think that is going to be critical.    When you're constructing a new system, you have to ensure that there's a way to sustain that system over a long period of time. Those assets are built for 50 to 100 years. And so it is critical that you look at the way a project sponsor plans to sustain a system in the future. So that is part of the plans that we look at when we award funding for new capital projects. Addressing the state-of-good-repair needs of the system is also going to be really critical. And having funding for the state of good repair, to ensure that these systems have enough funds for maintenance, and that the maintenance is not deferred.    Ms. Esty. Well, I think we need to be working together to ensure that we see that progress through that list, the ticker list. This is the priority project, and this is how far the money gets us. And then you have to come back to us or to the board and say ``We are not far enough, it's dangerous, and this is what we've done and this is what we still need to do.'' Because you know, we--you have to get to the appropriators to make sure the money is there, but we need to see the progress.    And we need the judgment of that on the ground, what is now the critical piece that needs to be addressed and that you're spending it that way. And finally, Mr. Wiedefeld, can you talk a little bit about the reliability and performance measures that you're going to use? What riders of the Metro should expect? What already has been discussed by some of my colleagues, are we're not where we would want to be. And obviously taking things offline is going to exacerbate that. What figures are you using and how are those going to be communicated to the riding public and to us?    Ms. Esty. Thank you. I see my time has expired. Thank you.