    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I am glad to introduce Dr. Sarah Melton. Dr. Melton chairs OneCare of Southwest Virginia, a consortium of substance abuse coalitions attempting to turn the tide against substance abuse. She is an Associate Professor of Pharmacy at ETSU and most recently was appointed by Governor Terry McAuliffe to the Virginia Task Force on Prescription Drug and Heroin Abuse, an idea first proposed to the Governor by myself and others in the Virginia Congressional Delegation.    Dr. Melton has a long history of working to address the substance abuse problems in southwest Virginia. She was instrumental in bringing Project Lazarus to Virginia, and she is also working on the naloxone issues in southwest Virginia and in Virginia. I want to thank you, Dr. Melton, for being here today and sharing your experience with our committee.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that very much.    Dr. Melton, we have been talking some about naloxone, and I know there are going to be folks watching this at home today and who will be watching it at home over the next week or so as the C-SPAN replays it. Can you explain to the public what naloxone does in the case of a heroin or opioid overdose?    Mr. Griffith. So it is not to help somebody who has got a problem continue their problem but it is to help them if they have had an overdose so that they don't die. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Griffith. I recently wrote a bipartisan letter with 22 of my colleagues here in the House calling on the Administration to develop practices for naloxone use and reprogram existing funds to provide naloxone to medical providers. I think that is a good idea. You have mentioned here in your earlier testimony Senator Kaine's bill that provides Good Samaritans with some immunity from liability unless they are acting grossly negligently or maliciously. What else do you think that we can do to promote this from a congressional standpoint and make sure that the public is aware of it?    Mr. Griffith. And nobody is accusing the Virginia legislature of being soft on drugs or being liberal in this area, wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Griffith. Yes, ma'am.    Now, in my district, our region of southwest Virginia shares borders with four other States: West Virginia, Kentucky, Tennessee and North Carolina, two of which are represented here today as well. This makes it easy for people to cross State lines to doctor-shop and gather multiple prescriptions and from multiple pharmacies to get large amounts of prescription painkillers. What effect has this doctor-shopping had on our problem and how might we address it? And I will start with you, Dr. Melton, but the folks from Tennessee and West Virginia are welcome to chime in.    Mr. Griffith. And I would have to say for those that don't the area well, you would have to work at it but you could actually hit all five states in a single day if you really organized.    Do either of the folks want to add something?    Mr. Griffith. Very good.    Dr. Maxwell?    Mr. Griffith. Yes, sir. I appreciate it very much.    I see my time is up, Mr. Chairman. I thank you and yield back, and thank all the witnesses for being here today.