    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I note that tomorrow is so-called Tax Day, April 15. And that--and I'm going to really be interested in next year's report because it looks like the Congress has shot itself in the foot and added to the deficit by what it's done to the IRS. I've never seen anything like it.    The reports all over the country are of people waiting in line to get audits and other questions answered. As of April 15, you could get no information in. Before that, you could get very little information. And if so you had to go to the tax advocate. This is a recipe for inefficiency in an agency that we depend upon if we want to reduce our deficit. Now, of course, much of that is going to come out in some way, I suspect, Mr. Dodaro, in your--in your report next year. But this so-called tax gap is, I believe, already showing it.    The most recent figures I've been able to get about the tax gap, that's the--the difference between what people owe in taxes and what they actually report, the figure I get is close to $400 billion or $385 billion. Does that sound about right?    Ms. Norton. Look what that would mean for the deficit if we could just get those funds.    Now, a lot of this is due not just to people avoiding taxes, but underreporting. So they need to talk to somebody and, in order to talk to somebody, there needs to be an audit. You can't just say ``Give us the money.''    By the way, Mr. Dodaro, I read that the IRS is saying up front now, in light of what looks like a 17 percent cut, that's--that's the figure that sticks in my mind. That's way times more during the sequester than any other agency. But the IRS is saying, unless it amounts to a million dollars, sorry, we can't even look at your--look at auditing to look to see whether you're underreporting. In other words, home free, they're saying up front because of this unusual cut that shoots ourselves in the foot, the gut, you name it.    Now, if one looks at your report today, we find talk of backlogs and audits. And here I am looking at the years 2013 and 2014, which coincided with these cuts. Isn't that correct?    Ms. Norton. When there's been backlog--backlog for taxpayers needing audits in order for the IRS to collect what is due to the people of the United States.    Ms. Norton. Heavens, are we ever going to be able to collect that money? Is there a statute of limitations? I mean, if it's down by that because you don't have the staff and you obviously don't--they obviously don't have the staff, is that money gone for the taxpayers?    Ms. Norton. With these backlogs, I can't imagine that some people just aren't off scot free just by virtue of the statute of limitations. I think we have to note that.    The IRS budget has been reduced by $1.2 billion over 5 years. That's an amount that's inconceivable. Isn't that approximately correct?    Ms. Norton. With that kind of reduction--and you've got to decide what you've got to do. They've already decided they can't take care of you and me because we're too far down on the totem pole. What in the world can they do?    Ms. Norton. So Congress should do what with respect to that?    Ms. Norton. I see.    Ms. Norton. The way, by the way, they regulate VITA sites, volunteer--the VITA sites, all of us have it in our jurisdictions where volunteers have to be certified tax preparers, those are complete volunteers, but they've been certified by the IRS. They serve the--they save the American people billions upon billions, and they don't have to pay for it.    Ms. Norton. You're right on that, Mr. Dodaro. Thank you.