    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sopko, did you testified that $113 billion has been spent in Afghanistan since 2002?    Mr. Massie. On reconstruction. And this includes building the Afghan National Security Forces, to promoting good governance and engaging in counter narcotics?    Mr. Massie. All right.    Mr. Massie. So let's talk a little bit about the counter narcotics side of this. Has opiate production gone up or down since 2002 in Afghanistan?    Mr. Massie. And what percent of the world's supply of non-pharmaceutical opiates come from Afghanistan?    Mr. Massie. That is what I hear, too, from the United Nations Office of Drugs and Crime. They say about 90 percent of the world opiates, non-pharmaceutical opiates. So how much of this $113 billion have we spent on counter narcotics efforts there?    Mr. Massie. And how much has opiate production gone up since 2002 or since some benchmark that you can ----    Mr. Massie. Ms. Abizaid, is this consistent with what you know about opiate production in Afghanistan?    Mr. Massie. So I have read reports that opiate production has as much as tripled since we invaded Afghanistan in that country. How much do you think it has gone up, Ms. Abizaid? Has it gone up or down?    Mr. Massie. So the counter narcotics effort is not within the DOD?    Mr. Massie. How do you measure success if you don't know ----    Mr. Massie. Would you testify today that opiate production has gone up since you started the counter narcotics effort or that it has gone down? This is a very simple ----    Mr. Massie. You don't know if it has gone up or down?    Mr. Massie. How can you account for--I mean, I trust you have had a lot of activity because you have spent $8 billion there, but what about progress?    Mr. Massie. Yes, please, Mr. Sopko.    Mr. Massie. Just to close out here and to summarize what I am hearing, the war on drugs in Afghanistan, to the extent there is a war on drugs, has been a failure. We have spent $8 billion over there. Production is the highest it has ever been. And here in the United States we have a heroin epidemic. I think these two things might be related.    And, you know, next week we are going to have a hearing in this exact committee to talk about the heroin epidemic. I think it is time to reevaluate our strategy and our tactics in the war on drugs in Afghanistan.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Massie. Department of Defense, you want to add anything to that?