    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Koskinen, one of the potential vulnerabilities that concerns me is that government employees have access to the federal system to access their personal emails, you know, Facebook, Web sites, you know, online shopping using the federal network. Has the IRS taken any action to restrict access by their employees?    Mr. Palmer. In other words, do you allow your employees to use the federal network for personal use?    Mr. Palmer. Thank you. Do you have a written policy that you could provide the Committee?    Mr. Palmer. A written policy to that effect?    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, sir. Last week, I had opportunity to tour the Center for Information Assurance and the Joint Forensics Research at the University of Alabama Birmingham. The Center is doing fantastic work under in the cybersecurity field and producing talented students with the ability to make a real difference in the field. It's under the leadership of Gary Warner.    The thing that disturbs me in this is that, despite the government's tremendous need for individuals with this skill set, the Director of the Center explained that he has students applying for jobs at the federal agencies who don't hear back from them for months and they wind up getting jobs in the private sector. And I'm talking about some of the very best. I want to know if the IRS has taken any steps to expedite the interview process for people with a skill set that we definitely need?    Mr. Palmer. Yes.    Mr. Palmer. Madam Chairman, I don't know what our responsibility would be through the Committee, but I would like to recommend that we develop a procedure that would expedite the interview process for such critical personnel so that we could get more of those highly skilled people into places where they can help protect our IT systems.    Mr. Wilshusen, according to your testimony, the IRS estimated, prevented, or recovered $22.5 billion in fraudulent ID refunds, identity theft refunds in 2014, but paid $3.1 billion in fraudulent refunds. I don't know if the GAO has looked into this, but those numbers are fairly obvious. It's money that's leaving the system. But do you have any idea what it costs the IRS to engage in prevention and recovery activities? Because that's an additional cost to the federal government.    Mr. Palmer. Chairman Koskinen, do you?    Mr. Palmer. If----    Mr. Palmer. What I'd like for you to do if you don't mind is to provide the Committee with at least an estimate of what you're spending on recovering fraudulent refunds.    Mr. Palmer. Madam Chairman, if I may, I have one more question.    Mr. Wilshusen, in the area of information security controls, how many recommendations has the GAO made to the IRS and how many of those recommendations remain unimplemented? And how far back do those recommendations go?    Mr. Palmer. Mr. George, same question, recommendations from the IG's office?    Mr. Palmer. My final question, and I promise this is the final one, is a follow-up to Chairman Koskinen. Why is the IRS unable to implement these GAO and IG recommendations? Assuming that the agency concurs with them, when do you expect the IRS to fully and successfully comply with the GAO and TIGTA recommendations?    Mr. Palmer. Well, my final comment will be this: that when you have recommendations from the IG's office that go back to 2008, that would indicate to me no intention to implement them.    I yield back. Thank you for your indulgence, Madam Chairman.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    We're going to do a second round of questioning for those who might want to stick around. And so I now recognize myself for five minutes.    I did want to pick up on--Mr. Wilshusen, you had indicated the increased budgets. I just want to make an observation actually. In the report that the speaker had actually cited and asked the question about--that I had asked was from Hill newspaper articles saying the IRS cybersecurity staff was cut as the budget rose and that was also--they referenced an IG report that you had done, Mr. George, that it was also a cybersecurity online report that referenced that also. So I'd like to just put that into the record in recognition of what you all had said.    Chairwoman Comstock. But I also wanted to pick up on what you testified about, Mr. Wilshusen, about the agency using easily-guessed passwords, software patches not being done, and you had said the IRS had inconsistent execution. Would this--put it in a little more simpler way that people just weren't doing their jobs. The people who were there, regardless of what budgets and what things are being done, I mean, those are basic cyber hygiene things that we've all heard about. I mean, we're very familiar from the OPM breach and the hearings we had here.    So when I hear these kind of things that are very common and the inconsistent execution really being people not doing their jobs, would that be a correct assessment?