    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank each of you.    As we enter into this, I want to start out, Mr. Taub, by saying thank you for your work. It was good to visit with the PRC and all the dedicated employees that work there.    Mr. Rolando, I want to just say I know I was not on your Christmas card list. I do appreciate the fact that you have been willing to work with me in an open-minded way. That was your commitment to me, my commitment to you, and I want to thank you.    Ms. Brennan, thank you so much for being here. Obviously, as we look at this, this is an interesting time and so for all the postal workers, you know, I just want to say thank you.    I have been a secret shopper because, you know, I am not shy about my criticism either. And so in Spruce Pine just the other day, I went into a place--actually, I sent my wife in because now I start to get recognized in some of these places. And the service that Debbie Calloway gave my wife was nothing less than spectacular. And she didn't know who she was, and we went in. And so I went back in to thank her for her service. And that is what we need to do in terms of service standards.    As a fiscal conservative, one of the things that you are asking me to do is get rid of a prefunding requirement that was, you know, part of a previous deal, and so why should I do that? Make a very short, compelling case on why I should do that.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you are saying that you paid $29 billion, we ought to do that. So I am willing to take the leap. Now, we have heard all kinds of different testimony. That doesn't get us where we need to go, does it?    Mr. Meadows. Yes, it is about 2.8, $3 billion of a $5 billion deficit, so we need some other areas. We can't make it up in volume because part of what is concerning me is that it indicates that we are just going to raise rates, that this is a revenue problem. And at $69 billion, it is not just a revenue problem, it is a management problem, so how do we take this without raising rates as being the ultimate answer and really fundamentally reform it and make it work? Are you in support of safe and secure delivery, you know, through cluster box? Is that something that you would support wholeheartedly?    Mr. Meadows. Would you support expanding that in a meaningful way, understanding that we may have to grandfather a lot, but we have been discussing is really looking at safe and secure delivery, which you may get some pushback from Mr. Rolando and some of those on that side, let's recognize that, but we have all got to come together to figure this out. Are you supportive of that? Yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. Well, so let's say if we grandfather some of those in and we start to work--because I have been working with Mr. Lynch in an area that is different than mine. If we work through that, you are asking me to go ahead with the prefunding and jump off a cliff, I am asking you, are you willing to work with us to make sure that we implement safe and secure delivery in a meaningful way?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So ----    Ms. Brennan.--in our ----    Mr. Meadows. Go ahead.    Mr. Meadows. I ----    Mr. Meadows. But most of the opportunities we have talked about actually have been with increasing service, you know, or trying to increase a portfolio, whether it is banking or anything else, and that just doesn't--I have only got a few seconds left, so here is my concern. We are talking about all of this, and we are missing out on service standards. It is the number one thing that I get calls about, you know, why is my meal not being delivered, why are we having a problem?    And even me, you said, you know, that first-class mail that is your bread and butter, and this first-class mail actually is all postmarked in December. I got it in April. Now, that is not a funding problem. That is a management problem. And it is not just here. It is not just in my district because in Peachtree City we have the same thing where we mailed actually wedding invitations for my son that took 8 weeks to get to another Member of Congress.    And so what we have to do is put this together and make sure that we have a service standard that doesn't just increase costs, and I am willing to work in a bipartisan way to do that, but we have to make sure that we do it in a way that serves the best interest of the public. And are you committed to do that?    Mr. Meadows. I don't want to get somebody fired but ----    Mr. Meadows.--we just need to ----    Ms. Brennan.--because--Congressman ----    Mr. Meadows. But I will give them to you. Actually, I had about 40 different pieces of mail that came to me that had the same problem.    I will yield back.    Mr. Meadows. You are always invited there, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Meadows. If the gentleman would yield for just a second?    Mr. Meadows. I want to make sure it is clear. We are not talking about 5-day delivery. I mean, I don't want that to be the headline that comes out of this hearing because your point is well-taken. So whether it is in a suburban area or a very rural area, I don't want the phone calls to start coming in.    Mr. Meadows. I agree with Mr. Lynch ----    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentlewoman.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Clay, for 5 minutes.