    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the panelists. I have been listening to some of the questions and some of your testimony. And this is complicated.    I guess I will direct my first question to Mr. Bock because--and just thinking about it, what makes this hard, I think, to fight against TBML, among other things, and I--another reason why I wanted to make sure I come down, I am a big guy who believes in trade.    And the world is much smaller and interconnected when we are trading back and forth. We enter into trade agreements and you look at the enormous volume of trade flows which obscures individual transactions and provides abundant opportunity for criminal organizations to transfer value across borders.    The complexity of it, as I think that you were just talking about, associated with foreign exchange transactions and then the additional complexity that can arise from the practice of co-mingling illicit funds with the cash flows of legitimate businesses and then the limited recourse to verification procedures or exchange customs data between countries.    So, when I look at how complicated all these challenges are, it becomes clear. And then, what you were just talking about on our side, looking on our side of what we can do in our government, but wouldn't it seem that there should be--we are doing some kind of international harmonization with cross-border systems of verification and data exchange?    Do you see any harmonization of international cooperation to combat TBML?    Mr. Meeks. So it would be a matter of money. It wouldn't be like--one time, we were the ones still using inches and everybody else is using centimeters. And so, we just couldn't get used to change to a different dialogue.    So that complicated it, as far as differences are concerned. Is it just a matter of trying to--some financing and some money to put it all on pause so we can do some harmonization?    Mr. Meeks. Yes, sir.    Mr. Meeks. And the other thing that comes into mind, because when we do these trade agreements, I have been a big proponent of it, but I will also want to bring in some of the less-developed countries because I want them to get involved in the global economy.    But of course, less-developed countries by nature have huge informal economies where it is hard to sometimes trace and verify even a legitimate commercial transaction. So, what would you say? Do they--how do we bring them in? Do they have even the capacity to work with us also to meet some of these challenges?    Mr. Meeks. It's very informative--