    Mr. Gosar. The Subcommittee on Interior will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time. I'm going to introduce myself for an introductory statement.    Good morning. Today the Subcommittee on the Interior will examine the Bureau of Land Management's recent difficulties with oil and gas lease sales. The Mineral Leasing Act requires the BLM to hold quarterly lease sales for oil and natural gas in States where lands are available for leasing, but it has had several lease sales canceled either due to weather or lack of space.    Congress has already provided BLM authorization to conduct online auctions instead of in-person sales, through language included in the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act. The Secretary was given the authority to conduct on-shore lease sales through Internet-based bidding methods. BLM has already selected a vendor and conducted a pilot on lease sales auction in 2009 when it was previously given authorization to do so through the fiscal year 2008 Consolidated Appropriations Act.    We have a video clip of some of the folks who the BLM want to ensure gets a chance to bid on these leases. Can we play the video?    Mr. Gosar. That is folks pretending to be hit by a car in an effort to disrupt a lease sale in Lakewood, Colorado. This is just plain crazy. To help us understand what is going on with this problem and other leasing issues at the BLM like the coal lease sale moratorium, Director Neil Kornze is here.    Director Neil Kornze, I appreciate you being here to answer our questions. I hope we can learn today when we can expect BLM to utilize its authority to conduct online lease sales. And with that, I am going to acknowledge Mrs. Lawrence for her introductory statement. Thank you Mrs. Lawrence.    Mr. Gosar. Thank you, Mrs. Lawrence. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Mr. Gosar. We will now recognize our distinguished witness. I am pleased to welcome The Honorable Neil Kornze, the director of the Bureau of Land Management at the U.S. Department of Interior. Welcome, Mr. Kornze. Pursuant to committee rules, witnesses will be sworn in before they testify.    Will you please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but truth?    Mr. Gosar. Thank you. Please be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witness answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your oral testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record. Mr. Kornze, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gosar. Thanks, Madam Chair. Mr. Kornze--I will scoot down here. That one has got a buzz.    Thank you, Mr. Kornze, and thank you very much for getting back to me with regards for lands scheduled for disposal on the BLM. We look forward to the next month to seeing that up on the Web site.    Mr. Kornze, I'm strongly opposed to the practice used by this administration which utilizes the Antiquities Act to unilaterally designate national monuments and to lap up millions of acres of land, BLM, or otherwise, from resource development. I find it especially egregious when the administration plays fast and loose with this authority at the behest of the extremist environmentalists and special interests that do not have American people's best interest as their motives.    Mr. Kornze, Arizona already has 18 national monuments, more than any other State. Is the administration currently working on designating a new national monument in Arizona on BLM lands?    Mr. Gosar. Well, I understand, but have they reached out and talked to you about any types of parcels particularly in western Arizona? No conversation whatsoever with the White House at all?    Mr. Gosar. So the White House hasn't reached out to you one iota with regard to any lands located in Arizona?    Mr. Gosar. No, but this is a specific ask. I mean, you are under oath and I am asking you, did the White House or the administration talk with you or anybody underneath--the BLM in regards to any withdrawal potentials utilizing the antiquities in Arizona?    Mr. Gosar. Multiple possibilities. Can you elaborate rate on those multiple possibilities?    Mr. Gosar. So there is some conversation going on between the White House and BLM and agencies in regards to antiquities withdrawal?    Mr. Gosar. That is kind of--you misled me. I mean, you know, at the very, very beginning of that conversation, you said you will have to talk to the White House. So there is some coordination going on. Is there a Member of Congress that actually is involved in those conversations?    Mr. Gosar. Remember, you are under oath.    Mr. Gosar. Is there a Member of Congress from Arizona regarding those discussions with BLM and the White House?    Mr. Gosar. My office currently has a FOIA request at the Department of Interior regarding the proposals, and the coordination between land agencies and environmental groups. Will that request collaborate the information that you shared here today?    Mr. Gosar. The request we sent was by multiple Members of Congress, was submitted on 12-3-2015, and we have received nothing of substance to date, absolutely shameful. So much for being the most transparent administration in history. Any idea when your administration will respond to that request?    Mr. Gosar. We will make sure that it is reissued then. And we will look for an expedited conversation.    In July of last year the House of Representatives passed an amendment to block pending national monuments throughout the country where there is significant local opposition. Do you support pursuing the designation of a monument that blatantly ignores the will of local governments and overrides every clear opposition from local communities who will be negatively be targeted by such action?    Mr. Gosar. So we would have a scheduled public hearing in regards to those withdrawals?    Mr. Gosar. I am going to be more specific about Arizona. When have those conversations occurred? Would you enlighten me?    Mr. Gosar. Well, I mean, you made the comment today that there has been some conversations between the White House and your office in regards to potential liquidity of some lands, so when are we expecting to have these conversations with the public out in Arizona?    Mr. Gosar. So you would tell me that that is actually going to happen prior to, not afterwards?    Mr. Gosar. Can you provide for the record those that have applied prior to for the record so that we can actually have a record of that?    Mr. Gosar. I would appreciate it. Madam Chair, I thank you very, very much for the questions.