    Mr. LUX. Thank you. Chairman Rice, Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today. In doing so, I will draw heavily from the State and Fate of Community Banking, which is a working paper I co-published in February 2015 as a senior fellow at the Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Business and Government at Harvard, with Robert Green, a research assistant at the center who is seated directly behind me.    Before I begin, let me be clear that the views expressed here do not necessarily reflect those of any organization and that either Robert Green or I are affiliated with, and instead stem from independent scholarly research we have undertaken to understand the critical issues facing America's financial system.    Capital access for small business remains a critical pillar of economic vitality. Members of this Committee are likely aware that small businesses account for roughly one-third of enterprise employment. But the current size of a business matters less than its potential to expand. Capital access is critical to achieving such growth.    As of 2012, banks were the primary financial institution for 85 percent of small businesses. In our February working paper, Mr. Green and I found that an astonishing 51 percent of small business loans were from community banks. And why is this? Community banks leverage interpersonal relationships in lieu of financial statements and data-driven models in making decisions. As Federal Governor Tarulla has noted, credit extensions to small firms is an advantage in which the relationship-lending model of community banks retains a competitive advantage. It means that community banks are of special significance to local economies.    Yet, the state of small business banking today is different than that of several years ago. For starters, the number of community banks--banks with less than $10 billion in assets--has declined rapidly in recent years. It did start with Dodd-Frank. In mid-1994, there were 10,329, and in mid-2014, there were only 6,094. Similarly, since 1994, community banks share a view as U.S. banking assets has decreased by more than half to 18 percent.    More concerning to this Committee is the post-crisis decline in the volume of bank loans to small business. In the four years before the crisis, from mid-2003 to 2007, outstanding loans to small business grew 25 percent in 15 percent of community banks. Yet, outstanding bank loans to small business is attributable to small community banks which realized a 17 percent fall. During this time, small business lending by larger community banks remained relatively flat.    What factors are at play here? Nonbank lenders, while growing rapidly and increasingly playing a viable role in both credit and the overall U.S. economy have, and will, only fill some of the gap left in the wake of less community banks mobile lending. The vast share of small business lending is still performed by banks, so while these nonbank firms and technology-based platforms are a factor, community banks will remain a critical part of small business lending.    Instead, a major cause of decreased community banking small business lending is our nation's tepid economic recovery. Labor force participation is at a 10-year low. Quarterly GDP has averaged just 2-1/2 percent in the last two years.    In August 2015, a survey of small businesses by the National Federation of Independent Banks reinforced this concern. It found that 49 percent of respondents were on the credit sidelines with no good reason to borrow. But the most troubling fact is that the firms seeking credit may not be able to access it. As former small business head Karen Mills and a colleague recently noted, ``While measuring the credit gap is difficult, the evidence strongly suggests that there are acute impediments to accessing capital for many credit-worthy small businesses.'' Dodd-Frank shrinks credit access because of its shared scope. It stands to increase financial regulatory restrictions by 32 percent.    As a recent paper published by the Federal Reserve of Richmond said, ``Banking scholars have found that new entities are more likely when there are fewer regulatory restrictions. The current bank or lack of new bank formation inherently hampers credit access.''    Furthermore, a recent IBA study found that 21 percent of banks report new regulatory burdens as a factor. For 83 percent of small banks, compliance costs have increased at least 5 percent. This capital is not being deployed in our economy.    Some will argue that because consolidation has occurred, Dodd-Frank is not a factor in declining community banking. But in fact, large-scale regulatory accumulation with the banking sector has simultaneously occurred with rapid consolidation. Regulatory restrictions within Title XII----    Mr. LUX. Sure. Absolutely.--grew every year.    Reforming financial regulatory process is critical. Mr. Green and I propose several strategies to do so. Credit benefit analysis brings about transparent deliberation and regulators to avoid unintended consequences.    While Dodd-Frank was intended to focus on large banks, there is trickle down. Community banks have recently reported held to the same stress tests and capital standards as large financial institutions.    In conclusion, small businesses clearly play a critical role in bringing about heightened U.S. growth, and community banks today are, and for many years have been essential sources of credit--their reliance upon community banks from a variety of factors, an emphasis on relationship-based lending, on standard lending, geographic necessity. One out of five people lives in a county with only one community bank.    Certainly, market factors may diminish the role of community banks in small business lending. Unfortunately, regulatory pressures, such as those brought by Dodd-Frank are undermining the competitiveness of community banks.    Mr. LUX. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. LUX. Not at all. Nor can these new lenders that are emerging. Karen Mills has a wonderful paper that you all should read, if you have not, on small business lending. But there is no question. The SBA has never been able to fill the gap, and they are not going to be able to fill a very large, gaping tap.    Mr. LUX. Yeah, I do. I mean, the amount of, you know, we are talking about small banks and small lending, but even for the larger banks it is a huge amount of money that has transitioned out of the economy for, I would argue, no good reason. And when you try to interpret a law that is six times larger than Basel III. You know, they created in a heartbeat a bunch of laws that are yet to be even interpreted. But that is really important to recognize, that a lot of Dodd-Frank has not been implemented, and it just gets worse and worse. I frankly think it is a drag on the economy and sort of the work that we are doing, which is----    Mr. LUX. Okay.    Mr. LUX. Sure.    Mr. LUX. Sure. If it is okay I would like to just make a general statement, and I will----    Mr. LUX. Okay. You will get your time back.    Simply put, Dodd-Frank needs to be streamlined. Someone needs to take a hard look at this 856-page document and look at the implications of it. The only thing I would like to say is it is a gift to academics because my second paper was on the growth of mortgage finance in light of Dodd-Frank and the paper that we will be authoring in the fall will be how the underbanked have grown.