    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, and Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for organizing the hearing and allowing me to offer some thoughts as the Vice Chair of the COMSTAC. Compared to the esteemed Chair of the COMSTAC----    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Hello, test. Is this better?    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. OK.    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Compared to Mr. Gold, I am a latecomer and a rather reluctant recruit to commercial space. In the summer of 2006, I was a NASA astronaut in Baikonur, Kazakhstan, waiting to launch to the International Space Station on a Russian Soyuz rocket. Not 2 years earlier, a commercially built hybrid launch system consisting of a strange mothership airplane and a rocket-powered glider attached to its belly took off from the Mojave Air and Space Port. After detaching from the mother ship, the rocket blasted its way to an altitude of 100 kilometers, recognized the boundary of space, and then its pilot made a glided landing on the same runway from which it had departed. Five days later it happened again, clinching the Ansari X Prize and signaling the dawn of the commercial space age.    Back in Baikonur, I was scheduled to ride share the Soyuz with someone bearing the same name, Anousheh Ansari. I was honestly none too happy about it. Space was the realm of professionals, and I didn't spend all that time training to babysit a tourist.    But in the 10 or so days that I spent in space with Anousheh, my views on space tourism were forever altered. As the first person to blog from orbit, she reached tens of thousands of people who otherwise wouldn't have cared about ISS, about NASA, or about space. She sparked imagination in adults and inspired kids. She made people look up instead of looking down. She represented a wonderful idea: the democratization of access to space.    I am mindful that we are a long way from being able to hop on a rocket like we take Uber or Southwest, but we are starting. It is an oft used but nonetheless valid analogy. Commercial human spaceflight today is where commercial aviation was in the 1920s. As of today, something like 550 people in the history of humanity have been above 100 kilometers. In the next several years, that number will double, and growth in the following decades will be exponential.    Make no mistake, space is a tricky business. Massive amounts of energy are focused to propel a spacecraft in its intended direction during launch and insertion, and the same energy must later be carefully and precisely shed for deorbit and landing. But what was once the domain of only nation-states is now a small but dynamic industry where entrepreneurship, innovation, and efficiency are leveraging the advantages brought about by computer-aided technologies to make business cases close and unleash the competitive forces of free markets to start a new kind of space race.    A threat to any nascent industry is overregulation that might stifle innovation and cut off potential solutions to difficult technical problems. Per the provisions of the Commercial Space Launch Amendments Act of 2004, and subsequent extensions, while Dr. Nield's office effectively protects health and safety of uninvolved public and the safety of property, it is not currently allowed to issue regulations on occupant safety in commercial human spaceflight.    As a pilot and an astronaut, I can assure you that a robust safety culture is an important part of any flight operation, and commercial space is no different. While Congress has wisely directed the FAA to step aside and let industry take its first baby steps, it is incumbent upon that industry to demonstrate their willingness and ability to self-regulate. The development of voluntary industry consensus standards serves just such a purpose, and these standards can later serve as the building blocks of regulation once an appropriate amount of experience is gained and data collected, and rulemaking is therefore allowed.    I would admit that it has been a bit of a struggle to convince a disparate group of companies whose vehicle designs vary greatly in size, shape, and even destination to come to the table to work on something that doesn't immediately positively impact their bottom line. But I can honestly say that we are converged and heading in the right direction.    An important element of NASA's safety culture is effective training. For over 40 years, a key tool in preparing members of an astronaut corps with backgrounds that include not only pilots but also scientists, engineers, and doctors, has been flight in high-performance military aircraft. Exposure to physiological stressors, wearing unfamiliar gear such as a helmet, oxygen mask, and other equipment, and using the concept of cockpit resource management to work as a team to make quick decisions with real consequences, all combine to make this type of training an excellent means to prepare nonaviators for space missions.    As applied to commercial spaceflight, such an experience would reduce the risk of a potentially safety compromising outcome from a first-time flier, and might also be used as an entry level and affordable trial to help inform a potential spaceflight participant's decision on pursuing a suborbital flight.    There are several companies that are interested in providing such training, but since these military aircraft fall in the experimental category, they are prohibited from being used for compensation or hire. If stringent criteria that establish relevance to commercial spaceflight and that demonstrate superior levels of instructor pilot proficiency and aircraft maintenance history are met, it is well within the Secretary's purview, under the obligation to encourage, facilitate, and promote commercial spaceflight, to support legislation or rulemaking that would allow such operations.    I firmly believe this is an important addition to the commercial spaceflight industry, and I thank you for this opportunity to testify and look forward to hearing questions from the subcommittee.    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Congressman, if I could just comment. I think the reason that we really don't know the answer to that question is because that number practically has never been approached. It is actually set by the MPL with a cap of $500 million, and if the maximum probable loss is calculated to be less that, then the question has never been asked, and as I understand it, that has been the case.    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Thanks for that question, Congressman. I think what Mr. Gold referred to before, in the COMSTAC's Standards Working Group, is that we have started to lay out this roadmap to regulation. And we have identified some milestones, which clearly don't have dates or anything associated with them.    The first step is to develop consensus industry standards with the participation of FAA, AST, and any stakeholder, Government, private, doesn't matter. At some point, and I will get back to when that point is in just a second, we could use that standard--those standards as a basis of some sort of primitive regulation per se. And at some point when we get to the time of where common carriage, as Mr. MacCallum has pointed out, it might be appropriate to certificate these airplanes, like the FAA does with commercial carriers. That obviously is way out in the future, and we at this table would be extremely excited to be here when that happens. But it is really far away.    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Well, I think the concept of common carriage means you are going from sort of point A to point B routinely. I mean, how we define that, I think, is sort of in the eyes of the beholder. But I think there will be a mechanism to make that judgment when the time is right.    On the first tipping point, though, between when we do not issue regulations for occupant safety and when we do, right now there is a moratorium that will expire in 2023 unless it is extended again. It was originally supposed to expire in 2012. And it didn't expire because when it was written in 2004, we thought, well, in 8 years we will be there. Well, 8 years came and went and we weren't there. And then 3 more years came and went and we still weren't there. And now we have decided it is going to take another 8 years. And maybe 8 years isn't long enough either.    I think the point is, it isn't a date. It's an accumulation of experience and gathering the data that Dr. Dillingham referred to that we can make--we have the basis on which to make fundamental, sound regulation helped with these standards. So the CSLCA that was referred to by the chairman, asked for a report to identify what are the metrics. What is it? If it is not a date, is it a number of takeoffs and landings? Is it so many hours of flight time? And they are off working on that, and I think that report is due later this year. But that is the kind of answer that we hope to get.    Mr. Lopez-Alegria. Well, I think the--you know, regulation doesn't make things safe and not regulating doesn't make them not safe was a sort of simple point of what I was trying to get at. I think we have sort of talked at length here about why we think the current regime is appropriate. In fact, premature regulation could reduce safety by eliminating viable technical solutions to problems that would--what would be more effective than what might be imposed by a Government regulation.    So the--you know, a lot of people point to the unfortunate accident by Scaled Composites and say: Well, there is proof that we are not safe. Again, I think that AST did the job which they were directed to do by Congress. These sorts of accidents are part and parcel of any development program. I don't need to point back to Apollo I or the two space shuttle accidents. You know, this is a tough business, and it is dangerous. My point is that regulating it right now would not make it safer.