    Mr. Lynch. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman and to the ranking member. This is an important hearing.    I want to go back. I know, Mr. Ehrlich, you talked about worker safety. And it's puzzling to me why the Board has canceled three investigations that had been pending for more than 4 years.    One of these investigations involved a fire and the release of 42,000 pounds of highly toxic hydrofluoric acid at a CITGO refinery in Texas. In that instance, one worker was badly burned in that accident.    Another investigation that you canceled involved an explosion and a fire at the Horsehead zinc plant in Pennsylvania. We had two workers killed there.    We had a third investigation that involved a flash fire caused by a large flammable vapor cloud at the Silver Eagle Refinery in Utah. We had four workers who were severely burned. And a, sort of, follow-on, second explosion at that facility caused by a pipe failure occurred a couple of months later, which also damaged about 100 homes.    So, despite the concern for worker safety and public safety, there was a decision to--and, Mr. Ehrlich, in introducing a motion before the Board to cancel those investigations, you stated, ``There is no realistic opportunity to issue a CSB report'' on these tragic incidents.    Mr. Griffon, you voted against this motion to cancel these investigations; is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. You know, help me. Help me with this. How can we do this?    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Chairman, I think that this is as bad as I've seen. And I just--I appreciate you bringing this forward.    Let me ask you about--Mr. Griffon, were you there when they did this--yes, you were there when we did this hearing and they eliminated all these rules. Previously, there was a rule on any expenditure over $50,000 required the Board members to approve it. But then, with this most recent coup--and it was a coup--now the chairman has the ability to make expenditures over $50,000 without Board approval.    What's up with that?    Mr. Lynch. Yes.    Mr. Lynch. Right.    And, Mr. Engler, this all happened just as you were--you had been approved by the Senate, but you hadn't been able to take your seat yet and to deliberate on this. Is that correct?    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.