    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the witnesses for taking the time to be here. We have a large group, and I would like to be able to echo some of the comments that were made by Mr. Lucas, Mr. Stivers, in regards to community banks, something that is critical for rural America, and particularly in my district.    You have had to raise your hand, simply because of the size of the panel, several times here. But I would like to be able to just get a sense of your feeling on the panel, who is concerned about the challenges faced by America's community banks and financial institutions in these small communities.    Everyone has raised their hand. In response to Mr. Stivers, you have made comments that--how much time does the Council actually spend in regards to community banks? And the answers were some, or it is going to be at the staff level. And I would maybe like to start with Chair Gruenberg, and maybe Comptroller Curry. If it is actually something--this is in your wheelhouse, why isn't more time spent on community banks?    Mr. Tipton. If I may, let's talk a little bit about--when you are talking about a viable, vibrant baking system, you are aware that right now, approximately one-third of the counties in the entire United States are served by only one community bank. Do you recognize that?    Mr. Tipton. How vibrant, how competitive is that?    Mr. Tipton. You talked a little bit about collaboration, for the banks to be able to come together, to be able to share employees. What type of collaboration is going on in the FSOC to be able to identify redundant regulations that are overlapping, and requiring small community banks to be able to answer to several masters, if you will, and driving up those costs, which were increasing the cost for loans, for communities, inhibiting those banks' ability to be able to survive, driving, actually consolidation, or actually failure of some of these small banks?    Mr. Tipton. Just as a little bit more of a follow up on this, as we reviewed the FSOC minutes, there is never a mention of small banks in the minutes. So I am pleased to hear that you are actually putting out some comments and some White Papers. I think the question that our community banks would like to have answered is, when are they actually going to get some relief, rather than talk?    Mr. Tipton. That is what really disturbs the community banks.    Mr. Tipton. I hope you can, because simply, as Mr. Schweikert was pointing out when we were talking about the connectivity that is going on, while you may say--and are accurate, they are not going to be systemically important to the overall economy of the United States.    They are certainly feeling the impacts of those broader rules, regulations, through loan participation, whatever it happens to be, that is cascading down and inhibiting their ability to be able to address the very people that you cite--and I agree with you are very important--are small businesses and our agricultural communities.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.