    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. For decades Medicaid has been a lifeline for tens of millions of hard working Americans across the country. That is why we must make sure that the resources we devote to this program are administered efficiently and effectively. Every dollar lost to misuse or fraud of our Federal health programs is one less dollar available to fund essential lifesaving medical services for Americans. Cutting down on waste, fraud, and abuse is, and must remain, a priority for CMS, state Medicaid programs, and this Committee.    Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have expressed concerns that expansion of Medicaid will put state budgets in an untenable position and increase fraud, and that is simply not true. Beneficiary access and program integrity efforts are not competing goals. Smart, effective regulation reinforces both goals simultaneously.    In the short time since states have had the option to expand Medicaid, those states have already realized significant qualitative and economic benefits, as uncompensated care rates drop, and states are able to collect more revenue. Expansion makes good economic sense, and good moral sense. For instance, in my home state of New Jersey, projects a nearly $150 million decline in charity care in fiscal year 2016, with savings from the Medicare expansion totaling nearly $3 billion through 2020. Let us also not forget that Medicaid coverage lowers financial barriers to access, increases use of preventative care, and improves health outcomes. Making the program available to more vulnerable Americans is a great achievement, and one that I am very proud of having played a part in.    But, of course, it is now more important than ever that we act as good stewards of Medicaid dollars, and ensure that the benefits of this program are available for generations to come. That is why, when we passed the Affordable Care Act in 2010, we included a number of measures to strengthen program integrity and reduce fraud in the Medicaid program. In 2011, for example, CMS established procedures to screen providers and suppliers based on their risk levels so we can prevent fraud before it occurs. This has changed the traditional pay and chase model towards a preventative approach by keeping fraudulent suppliers out of the program before they can commit fraud.    There are a number of other ACA anti-fraud measures that have impacted the Medicaid program positively over the past few years. These include new and enhanced penalties for fraudulent providers. These new authorities allow the Inspector General to exclude from Medicaid any provider that makes false statements on an application to enroll or participate in the program. The ACA also requires state Medicaid agencies to withhold payments to a provider or supplier pending investigation of a credible allegation of fraud. The law also significantly increased funding to fight Medicare and Medicaid fraud.    So I want to hear today about how all these measures have worked, and about how CMS is implementing regulations to better protect patients and legitimate providers. Although the ACA made significant steps to reduce fraud and abuse in the Medicaid program, I know there is always room for improvement, and I am glad the GAO is here today to share their findings and provide constructive advice about how can we make the Medicaid program even stronger.    But I want to caution against applying GAO's findings too broadly. First, the analysis focused on four states, Arizona, Florida, Michigan, and New Jersey, and its findings are not generalizable across the country. Second, the report looked at data from fiscal year 2011, before many of the ACA anti-fraud provisions went into effect. GAO acknowledges several times in a report that CMS has since made changes to address improper payment issues. Third, I want to make the point that many of the potentially improper payments listed in this report are likely examples of provider fraud, not beneficiary fraud. The GAO report lists examples such as billing under deceased beneficiaries' identities, or billing on behalf of currently incarcerated beneficiaries. Given that these beneficiaries are hardly in a position to defraud the government, I think it is likely that many of these are examples of provider fraud.    So, Mr. Chairman, good program integrity helps to ensure that beneficiaries receive the care they need, so I look forward to hearing from CMS and GAO how these latest efforts are being implemented by the states. I don't know if anybody wants my 30 seconds--otherwise I will yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. GAO reports that CMS has made several changes since 2011 to help limit improper payments, and these steps may address many of the potential improper payments GAO found in their analysis of 2011 claims. In addition, to noting in their progress already made, GAO made two recommendations to further improve efforts to limit improper payments by increasing information and data sharing efforts between the Federal Government and the state Medicaid programs, and GAO first recommended that CMS help states better identify deceased beneficiaries.    I want to ask a question of each of you, but I have got three sets here, so we have got to go fairly quickly. Mr. Bagdoyan, can you comment on GAO's findings that led to this recommendation?    Mr. Pallone. OK. And, Dr. Agrawal, what steps is CMS taking to implement this recommendation?    Mr. Pallone. OK. The GAO next recommended that CMS apply more complete data for screening Medicaid providers by providing states with full access to the Provider Enrollment Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, database. So, again, Mr. Bagdoyan, can you describe the PECOS system? Can you comment on how states are using PECOS, and why GAO issued a recommendation for CMS to provide additional guidance to states?    Mr. Pallone. Thanks. Dr. Agrawal, what training and guidance has been provided to states on using the PECOS system, and what additional efforts will you be undertaking?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Let me see if I get my third question in. Given that Medicaid is a joint state/Federal program, states have a very important role to play in preventing improper payments. It sounds like there is a fair amount of Federal information available to states, but that not all states are taking full advantage of what is available. So I will start with Dr. Agrawal. How can states be encouraged to use the data available to them?    Mr. Pallone. OK. And, Mr. Bagdoyan, based on GAO's findings, how can the states more effectively use the data available to them?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Just want to thank both of you. In addition to the important tools already added by the Affordable Care Act, I am encouraged that CMS implementation of GAO's recommendations will further help state Medicaid programs in their efforts to address this persistent issue. So thanks again. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.