    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Thank you, gentlemen, for being here.    Mr. Secretary, can you provide this committee with a detailed list of Army facilities which we spend tax dollars to maintain that are empty or unused?    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Secretary, can you provide this Committee with a detailed list of Army facilities which we spend tax dollars to maintain that are empty or unused?    Ms. McCollum. Well, Mr. Secretary, we need to change this. Congress needs to have this information. And I ask this because I have a Rutgers article from March 11 that says, ``U.S. Army spends $500 million spent on empty buildings as troops cut.''    So, folks, this is absolutely crazy for Congress to force the Army to waste $500 million to maintain empty or unused facilities, actually preventing you from effectively using tax dollars, and for Congress to have something in place that you and I can't even have a conversation about how we go about making sure that you have the tools that you need to do your mission and have our men and women come home safely and to save the taxpayers money. And then we are forcing budget control caps on you.    So let me ask this question. Is this $500 million figure, is that accurate?    Ms. McCollum. It could be more.    Ms. McCollum. And approximately, it could even be more than the 25 percent I just mentioned that Army facilities are surplus in excess of your mission? And you are shaking your head yes.    Ms. McCollum. Could maybe you gentlemen elaborate on why this issue today needs to be resolved as future troop numbers and civilian employees are reduced and you are forced to live within the budget control caps, as this Congress has said that it will do?    Ms. McCollum. Yes.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Visclosky, Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time. That is my point. We can't even get a list from the Army or from any of the other branches of service about literally buildings that are abandoned. There is no one in some of these buildings. And we are just wasting so much taxpayers' dollars on this and failing to do our oversight mission by taking the tough votes possibly of closing some of these abandoned buildings.    And, Mr. Chair, the General, I think, wanted to have a brief response.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Secretary McHugh, in your statement you said, and I am quoting you, ``We now face fiscal year 2016 defense spending cap insufficient for operation in an unsustainable global security environment.'' So in other words, the plan seems to be here that this Congress is moving forward is maintaining BCA levels while converting OCO into a slush fund to avoid budget caps. So playing games with Defense Department spending.    So what I am trying to figure out, because I am going to ask a question about the Arctic here in a second, can the Budget Control Act--BCA budget and OCO slush fund provide the Army with the resources and the stability needed to meet readiness and modernization requirements, especially in the security environment that is becoming more increasingly complex? And I allude to--not allude to--I am asking about a U.S. Army international soldier Arctic training in Alaska that took place at the Northern Warfare Center.    So we have been talking about readiness and do we have the equipment that we have, do you have the soldiers that you have. And so I spoke to the General just briefly before the hearing started, and I am concerned about the Army having sufficiently trained and equipped soldiers onto the battlefield as the Arctic continues to open up.    And so how can you really be saying that OCO--we are saying, we are telling you, you can use that for readiness and training--aren't you limited as to how you can use it? I mean, it might be a slush fund, but it might not let you do the planning you need to do.    Ms. McCollum. Well, thank you, Mr. Chair. Mr. Chair, I know we have heard from Pacific Command and AFRICOM and the rest, but I think this issue of what is going on in the Arctic and planning well and wisely with our other NATO partners and other allies in the area is really something that, when we are doing OCO as part of our readiness, doesn't allow the Army and the other parts of our U.S. military to really come forward and say what we are going to do to make sure that the Russians and the Chinese aren't overaggressive in this area.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    First to the two of you who have announced retirement, and it sounds like there is a pending one, thank you all for your service. Very, very much appreciated. And you deal with families facing tragedy, and so thank you for your care and your compassion as well.    And I would like to do a little bit of a shout-out for you, Lieutenant General Horoho. First woman and nurse to have the position that you have. And I am sure the doctors in the room will agree nurses are with us most intimately at the beginning of our life and also at the end of our life. So thank you for your profession.    General Horoho. Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Now for my question. So in your written testimony you all touched on something I would like to focus on a little more, and that is the challenges that you face recruiting and training the healthcare professionals you need, from doctors all the way on down in the highly technical skill set nurse professionals are developing. Because having a highly trained healthcare system is critical for our troops and for our families and for our national security, whether it is the service men and women or children, such as myself when I was younger accessing your facilities. And then you have, as Mr. Carter pointed out, the responsibility of battlefield and abroad. So you have got a healthcare workforce that needs to be really flexible, highly qualified, up to date on delivery-of-care service.    But then at the end of many military careers, a lot of the healthcare professionals don't do what you do, retire from the military, they go into the civilian workforce. So it is important for us, for the Department of Defense to be there to train the next generation of physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, physician's assistants, the list goes on and on, and now with the importance on mental health that we are finally starting to recognize and then fold in total care.    And I am concerned about what I am seeing happening with our teaching hospitals nationally. You are a teaching hospital as well. So could maybe you elaborate for us as a committee, because you are going to impact the health of not only our service men and women but our entire country, what are some of the barriers and challenges that exist right now that make it more difficult for you to recruit and train the next generation of healthcare professionals? And looking at the long term, what barriers or challenges do you think in the next 5 to 10 years will impact your healthcare readiness, including what might be going on in civilian teaching hospitals?    Thank you.    Ms. McCollum. Would the chair yield?    Ms. McCollum. I am going to yield to you, sir. The question is, so different States have different transparency models. So I am from Minnesota. We have a very high transparency model. So I think we could look at some States, I think you would be able to get that information from some States. And the fact that some States provide that, I mean, you are issuing a contract.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you all, because we are now going into 2 hours. So thank you. So if you cannot answer my questions and you want to provide more detail, I will take them written later.    I want to touch on two things, one Mr. Ryan started on, but suicide in the force. And we have a lot of troops that are serving on Active Duty and then they return home from deployment to military bases that have a lot of support and a lot of structure built into them. My guardsmen and women and reservists are frequently more isolated. They don't have as regular interaction with peers. We have tried to put a lot of community support organizations in that forward to make that happen.    But, General Horoho, in fiscal year 2016 the budget request has a 37 percent reduction in funding for Army suicide prevention. So similar reductions are proposed for the Army Reserve and Guard. So I would like to know the rationale behind that, if it is accounted for in a different way in the way that you have restructured the program.    The second question that I have relates to sexual assault. My staff had had some meetings, and I guess we are going to be seeing the new training programs that the armed services are moving forward on sexual assault. They are supposed to be much better than the other ones, where we don't blame the victim. But my question is, were you involved either in providing mental health and behavior attitudes towards these training programs? Did they actually talk to people who know about mental health and behavior this time? And so do I have something maybe positive I will be looking at in the near future here?    General Horoho. Yes, ma'am. So I will take your second question first, if that is okay, and then I will answer your first one.    So in the area of sexual assault, not only has Army Medicine and the healthcare providers been involved with it, but I think more importantly we have had male and female sexual assault victims that have been intimately involved in helping with developing the training aid. We just had a couple months ago a conference, and we have done these periodically throughout the last couple years, where we have had panels where they have volunteered to come and they have shared their stories. They talked about the importance and how males feel when they are sexually assaulted, because we actually have a higher incident among the male population than we do among the female population, and we have seen a decrease in the female population. So the new videos, I think, are really getting out to the heart and soul so people understand.    Probably the best thing that I could share with you is I just received an email from one of my captains, unsolicited, from the field, who said she was sexually assaulted several years ago, and it was actually from her spouse, and she laid out a horrible story of where the system didn't work. And then her ex-spouse got married again, and she then got called to testify in the court because he abused the current spouse.    She said it was like a completely different system, and she wanted me to understand that. And she laid out and said that she felt like our victim advocates, that the sexual response coordinators, that she is still continuing to get care, and she said it is a 180-degree difference in the entire culture.    So I believe we are making strides, and it has been an Army effort in that area. We have a long way to go, just like the Nation has a long way to go, but I believe we are making strides in that area.    In the area of the reduction in dollars targeted just to suicide prevention, I would put that in the larger framework. We had 230 behavior health programs. We have decreased those programs to 11 evidence-based programs and we have streamlined our process for the Behavior Health Service Line. And then we have a Behavior Health Data Portal that looks at health outcomes and embedded behavior health. So we are rolling out 65 embedded behavior health programs that are in our brigade combat teams.    The reason why I say that is all of that, to include the Performance Triad that is now going to be rolled out Armywide, are all part of the Ready and Resilient Campaign program across the entire Army. So we are seeing where we could reduce in sort of silos that we had out there to better streamline our programs and our initiatives so that we have an Armywide program to really reduce suicides.    Ms. McCollum. So would it be a fair assessment a year from now or 2 or 3 years from now that you cut overhead and unnecessary costs that weren't developing in a way that was direct treatment to the soldier, and you cut overhead and you improved your delivery system?    General Horoho. We have cut a tremendous amount of overhead, we have streamlined our practices, we have standardized those practices. We now have a Behavior Health Service Line that ensures continuity of capability across the force. And then we also use telebehavior health. And so we do 90 percent of Department of Defense telehealth. So it is all of those coming together.    We have seen a reduction in our suicides, so the trendline has been down. It will never be low enough for us, because losing one soldier is one soldier too many, but I believe part of the direction we are moving is in the right direction.    Ms. McCollum. Mr. Chair, just a quick follow-up.    So when you say you are seeing a trend in reduced suicides, that is good, but is the trend in, quote, unquote, Active Duty or is the trend in Reserve and Guard?    General Horoho. So we have been monitoring. So last year our Reserve and National Guard actually had a higher number of suicides than our Active. This year we are seeing a decrease in the Reserve and National Guard and a small bump-up in the Active.    And so, to be honest, when we are looking at our Ready and Resilient Campaign plan and our Performance Triad, we are applying that to the Reserves and the National Guard, and we are also using telebehavior health for the Reserves and the National Guard.    So I think it is going to be a close monitoring when you look at life stressors, when you look at deployments, when you look at past sexual assaults and that of our young servicemembers prior to coming in, those all come out once they are on Active Duty, and all of that has to come together to really focus on their psychological health.    Ms. McCollum. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and thank you for your indulgence.