    Mr. Harris. Thank you very much, and good to see you again.    I have a couple of issues and maybe we will get to some others in a second round, but I had a visit from some of the scientists up at Johns Hopkins, two pathologists who work in one of the laboratories, and they are very concerned about the laboratory developed test regulation, and they made a fairly cogent case to me that they are already regulated. Most laboratories are regulated by HHS under CMS, under CLIA, and what the FDA is about to bite off is probably a whole lot more than it can chew because there are by their estimate could be more than 50,000 laboratory developed tests out there.    And as you know, they mostly have to be treated uniquely. That is just a whole lot. Can you just explain to me why the CLIA mechanism for regulation just will not do for these laboratory regulated tests and why you think a second level of regulation will not impede the access of patients, especially in oncology treatment, to sometimes lifesaving therapies?    Dr. Harris. Oh, I got those comments yesterday. I got an earful, and I have other questions. So I will just leave it at this. There is a great concern with me about this.    Dr. Harris. Again, my time is running out, but I will get around to it in the second round.    That is true. They do not, but you know, all of these tests, and you can correct me if I am wrong, they are all ordered by physicians or, you know, advanced health professionals; is that right?    Dr. Harris. Sure. So they are actually ordered by someone who might actually have the training and the certification and documentation and degrees and all the rest to be able to make that decision.    And now what I see is FDA stepping in and making what traditionally has almost been a practice of medicine decision. I really do feel that way. I think that this is too bad because as we embark on a new cancer initiative, we are about to throw a huge regulatory roadblock and not all laboratory developed tests deal with cancer, but a large number of the complex ones do. We are about to throw a huge regulatory roadblock in the way.    I yield back.    Dr. Harris. Thank you very much. And I am sorry. Like the gentlelady from Connecticut, I was next door with Secretary Burwell and missed some of the discussion about the trade secrets. But I just want to associate myself with the concern that we have to address making sure that trade secrets are protected when the FDA has access to them.    Let me follow up a little bit about the sodium discussion the gentleman from California started. And you know I have indicated my concern in meetings with you. It comes to my attention that the National Academy of Medicine has said that the DRI for sodium probably needs to be reviewed. I think it was last done in 2003 or the early 2000s. It has been a while ago.    Is that something that--do you know, for instance, what their time frame is to do their DRI review of sodium?    Dr. Harris. OK. Is that something that you would take into consideration as the FDA considers where to go with sodium? I would hope you would wait to see what the DRI is.    Dr. Harris. All right. And of course you realize as a physician what we are probably going to find out a few years from now, is that for some people, it makes a difference. For some people, it does not. And we have no idea which camp you are in right now, but I am sure we will know in a few years.    With regards to the nutrition facts label, there is just some concern I have that adding the added sugars designation is probably going to--I think it may confuse some people because, in my mind, it is the total sugars that really makes the--I mean, you really want to make sure that total sugar stays below a certain percent of your diet, and that subdividing it may just add confusion.    So my question is simple. I understand that there are studies that look at how consumers process that information, and whether it actually helps them in decision-making or not, whether it confuses them, because it does distract you from the discussion of total sugars in a product.    Do you plan to do any consumer research to see what the consumer understanding of the proposed added sugar addition to the nutrition facts label will do?    Dr. Harris. Good, good. Because again, I think there can be some confusion. Yes, I understand there may be some other benefits of foods that have sugars. But total sugar intake would be important.    Finally, with regards to the predicate date for tobacco products and the whole idea of regulation, as we talked about with some of the e-cigarette regulation, what I hope does not get lost is that for some people, there is harm reduction when they switch to those products. I remember one of the people on my staff, as I think I told you last year, I mean, this guy smoked a couple packs a day. And once he went to the e-cigarette, his use went way down, and I am convinced that his risk is lower.    Again, population-wide, I do not know. But we just should not lose sight of the fact that there are some individuals in whom harm reduction occurs because of these products. So that as you go forward, to make it easier to market a new cigarette because of the predicate date, then a new e-vaporization product just is one of those unintended consequences that you can come up with.    And I thank you again, and thanks for being before the subcommittee. I yield back.    Dr. Harris. Thank you very much.    Let me first ask, Ms. Taylor, about the CCC and the financial statement issues. The USDA's financial statements were delayed for a second year in a row this year, due in part to issues between the CCC and the USAID.    Can you describe the specific issues with those financial statements and what those deficiencies were?    Dr. Harris. And is the intention to start looking more closely at the USAID books?    Dr. Harris. And the fiscal year 2015 and 2016 Omnibus included directives to update the MOUs that lay out the framework for our USDA and USAID cooperating on international food programs.    Can you update me on the status of whether that MOU has been updated?    Dr. Harris. Sure.    Dr. Harris. Any time now?    Dr. Harris. OK. And just one final subject is to follow up, I think, on something the Chairman asked about, which is really the attempts, it appears, to circumvent the Food for Peace Act and the fact that it is supposed to be a way of using American commodities, not American cash, to help in foreign food programs.    So right now it seems that in the 2017 justification that was submitted, USDA includes a provision that would allow funds made available to programs at Department of State to meet the funding requirements of the safe box. Obviously those State Department funds would not be subject to the Food for Peace Act requirements of the food aid and take the form of U.S. commodities grown here and, of course, shipped on U.S. flag carriers.    Is that true? Can you tell me right now whether or not you are meeting the safe box levels using those funds, without using those funds from the State Department?    Dr. Harris. OK. I guess it is the Community Development Fund that is also over at, I guess, the State Department that is potentially another end run around, you know, the Food for Peace Act.    Look. I understand, you know, the importance of cash, and as the gentleman from California indicates, it is not a large part, but it is the philosophy that we are helping. I visited Kenya, and like Tanzania, I am at a food distribution center refugee camp and the corn is not American.    I asked, ``Why is this not American corn?'' Well, because they do not allow GMO corn.    So let me get it straight. I mean, we are actually donating food to these countries, but they do not want the food that we actually grow here and we eat?    So I have got to tell you, you could see how potentially a use of cash would be to buy some other country's corn instead of using our corn. That does not make sense to me. So I would just say that, you know, we have to think carefully about this because in the end, you know, our farmers are the most productive in the world, and when we donate food through Food for Peace, it ought to be Food for Peace grown by American farmers.    That is just my philosophy, and I yield back.