    Mr. Huizenga. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Director Cordray, I appreciate you being here. I would like to talk about the enforcement today and when Congress--I wasn't here for this, unlike a number of my colleagues--created the Bureau--    Mr. Huizenga. Yes, I am aware. We are both living with the echo effects here. But just like any other regulator that the Congress has created we wanted the Bureau to punish those that violate the law.    At the same time, I think Congress wanted the Bureau to help support good actors who were trying to do the right thing and comply with the law. But it seems to me when the Bureau conducts an enforcement action, typically you publish a press release.    A number of those press releases that I have gone over seem rather than offering guidance or to help the providers to how to avoid an outcome like this, they really seemed to be over the top and sort of this, well, we just stopped them from kicking the neighbor's dog kind of line of story telling that kind of comes out of the CFPB and I am curious, why is that?    Mr. Huizenga. I wholeheartedly agree, but when they are not?    Mr. Huizenga. That is where it gets a little tough though because those individual companies don't want us to go over individual press releases because they are afraid of what the echo effect might be on them.    But if you look at broad stroke things that have been out there, large companies such as JPMorgan, GE Capital, and Fidelity Mortgage Corp., I think there have been a number of those very high-profile things that have been sort of over the top in my judgment and I think I am judging a lot of others.    But a lot of smaller places--I have had community banks, title companies, I have them in my own State as well where there hasn't been a violation admittedly by the Bureau, but there has been kind of an example that has been needed to be set.    And I have to tell you that the press releases just seem completely over the top.    Mr. Huizenga. Yes, but why would you?    Mr. Huizenga. So the Bureau ombudsman has an announcement they are going to be conducting an independent review with differences in the language use between consent orders and their corresponding Bureau press releases; why is that?    Mr. Huizenga. So you admit there was a problem?    Mr. Huizenga. But hold on, my understanding of entering into these consent orders is that the Bureau has not actually proven that a respondent has actually violated statute or law, correct?    Mr. Huizenga. But then why not go for a jury verdict or some sort of judgment?    Mr. Huizenga. But all that the respondent has agreed to in the settlement order is to end the enforcement action brought by the Bureau.    Mr. Huizenga. But there was not an admission that there was a violation.    Mr. Huizenga. But wait a minute, there was a trial in the press releases, because I have seen it--I have seen it where good companies, small companies, medium companies, large companies who have been out there and have had great reputations end up on the front page of their local newspaper getting dragged through the mud by the Bureau.    Mr. Huizenga. We understand but why would the Bureau insist that a company has violated the law if it has not proven that the company has done so?    And that is how I have read those press releases.