    Mr. Kerr. Thank you. Chairman Smith, Members of the Committee, I appreciate the opportunity to testify today. My name is Bob Kerr, and I'm President of Kerr Environmental Services, an environmental consulting and water resources engineering firm located in Virginia Beach, Virginia. I've provided wetlands consulting and permitting assistance throughout Virginia and North Carolina for more than 26 years.    Since 1972, the Clean Water Act has played an important role in improving the quality of the nation's water resources yet there continues to be frustration and uncertainty over the scope of the Act and the appropriate role of the federal government in protecting the nation's waters.    Decades after the enactment of the Clean Water Act, there still is no easy way to determine if certain types of waters are subject to state law or federal mandates. EPA and the Corps recently issued a rule intended to clarify what is subject to federal regulation. Unfortunately, the rule does not provide the needed predictability and certainty in the permitting process. It fails to follow the intent of Congress, ignores Supreme Court precedent, and does not respect the authority of the state to regulate their land and water resources.    The agencies claim the rule does not expand federal jurisdiction but that's simply not the case. The rule establishes a broader definition of ``tributaries,'' which, for the first time, includes ditches and streams that only flow after it rains. It also allows the agencies to regulate intermittent and ephemeral drainages by rule classifying them as tributaries whereas before the agencies required an analysis of their significant nexus to traditional navigable waters before federal jurisdiction could be established. While this certainly provides clarity, it does not limit jurisdiction.    The new definition of ``neighboring'' includes areas that were not previously federally regulated such as non-wetlands located more than a quarter of a mile from a traditional navigable water or similar features located within a floodplain and up to 1,500 feet from the feature. Moreover, the agencies retain extensive authority to interpret certain ambiguous definitions as they see fit. This will allow for the inconsistent application of the rule among regulators both within a Corps district and across the country. Ultimately, the rule will lead to more litigation, project delays, more landowners needing permits, and the higher costs of permitting avoidance and mitigation.    You might look at the rule and think it's a dream come true for a consultant like me because more regulation will mean more business. I fear the exact opposite. Under the new rule, I'll need to complete more jurisdictional determinations, will have to conduct multiple tests to determine whether a feature qualifies as a water of the United States. It'll take additional time and resources to complete the tests, and that will cost clients more money. Not knowing their permit costs in advance increases financial risk for my clients. As such, clients may not--may decide not to pursue some projects as a result.    Some cases may also be so complex that they are too time-consuming or costly to resolve. In such cases, clients have the option to concede federal jurisdiction and proceed with permitting and mitigation through a preliminary jurisdictional determination, but that isn't a fair program to me nor does it keep the legislative intent of the Clean Water Act, and that's not good for the economy as a whole.    To start to fix this, we need a new rule that respects the state's role in regulating waters. Many aspects of the Clean Water Act are vague but it's clear that Congress intended to create a partnership between the federal agencies and state government to protect our nation's water resources. The Supreme Court has twice affirmed that the Clean Water Act places limits on federal authority. There is a point where federal authority ends and state authority begins. The final rule published by the EPA and Corps would assert jurisdiction over many features that are isolated, carry only minor volumes of water, or have only theoretical impacts on traditional navigable waters. These waters are properly regulated by the states.    The federal government cannot just assert jurisdiction over everything, yet that appears to be the agencies' solution, and many of the bright-line limits written into the rule seem so large in scale or so vague as to have created no actual limitation. Precedent suggests that the courts will again have to rein in the overarching rule but only after countless years of litigation. The wiser path forward is for Congress to act now. Let's get the agencies to withdraw the rule, resolve the problems, provide the clarity we need as to what constitutes a water of the United States.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today.    Mr. Kerr. Sure. Under the SWANCC Supreme Court ruling, the Supreme Court found that isolated wetlands are not under the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act, and if they're to be regulated at all, they need to be regulated by the state. Those types of isolated wetlands can now be regulated under the Clean Water Act. Under the new rule, they can be regulated as an adjacent water. So that's one type of situation where scope's broadened.    Mr. Kerr. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Kerr. Yeah, and actually I've got three or four others. There has never been an adjacent feature regulated under the Clean Water Act other than wetlands. The only adjacent feature could be a wetland. Under the new rule, a pond can be considered adjacent. Virtually any kind of other water of the United States can be considered adjacent. That's a new precedent and was not dictated by a court decision.    Ditches flowing into tributaries can now be regulated as a jurisdictional water. I've got a lot of concern with that because by definition, ditches connect into waters of the United States so that they drain agriculture, roads, stormwater, you know, a number of features. If they connect to a traditionally navigable water or a tributary, the EPA is saying they can regulate them now. That creates at a minimum a lot of confusion.    Mr. Kerr. Thank you, Congressman. With regard to the question, I have to say I'm not an air pollution consultant so I'll just yield my time to the others here who could speak to that.    Mr. Kerr. Yes.    Mr. Kerr. Thank you, Congressman. Yeah, prior to the new rule, through court precedent, the Corps regulated wetlands that were adjacent to waters that themselves were not wetlands. What does that mean? If you go to a major river and there's a large wetland next to the river, there's a dike built through that wetland, the wetland on the other side of the dike, the landward side was regulated. But if there was a small pond that had been abandoned because the farmer stopped working a certain area or he moved hogs off of that area and that pond was in a field that became wooded and he didn't use it for more than five years, the Corps would typically consider that an isolated water, and that's the way it's been working up until May 27th with the new rule. Under the new rule, that pond can now be regulated as an adjacent water so it's a change in how they approach it.    The other thing is that there's a site that I worked on with a development client where there were several small isolated wetlands. The Corps of Engineers back in the late 1990s confirmed them to be isolated wetlands, and the Commonwealth of Virginia regulated those wetlands. Under today's rule, those wetlands would also be considered adjacent and under the jurisdiction of the federal government. So those are two ways that it's changed.    Mr. Kerr. The short answer is no. There is no court decision that required the Corps of Engineers to change how adjacency was determined, to my knowledge, and I've been doing it for 26 years.    Mr. Kerr. Yeah, those two examples are two clear examples. The third is the portion, much like manufacturers--I mean, there are certain parts of this rule that are understandable, they're relatively reasonable. The one issue with adjacency that gives me greatest concern is the criteria that says any water within 1,500 feet of a traditionally navigable water is by definition, by rule adjacent and therefore jurisdictional under the Clean Water Act. In the coastal areas--and I come from the coastal plain of Virginia--but this goes from Texas to, you know, the coast of New York, you are now extending this measuring stick out 1,500 feet, and anything that falls within that--and you measure 1,500 feet from the innermost limits of tidal waters, tidal creeks, tidal bays miles inland from the ocean, you extent this measuring stick 1,500 feet, and anything within that zone is jurisdictional as an adjacent water by rule. That's a dramatic change.    Mr. Kerr. If I could give you just a little context for my opinion on that, our firm just recently completed a delineation that involved over 56,000 linear feet of ditches. So just around ten miles of ditches. We had to walk them all, and we asserted they were non-jurisdictional. It took about a year, I think, to get the confirmation that in fact they were non-jurisdictional. Under today's rule, I can tell you, I can walk you to these ditches that are now jurisdictional. As has been said, there are two criteria about ditches that I think are fine, and they're the first two. The last one to me is the recapture provision, and in fact, I went through the entire preamble, 200 pages. I've read what I can find on it, and there's not a specific mention of how they arrived at the third criteria, and the issue with it is, that it says ditches that don't flow through another water are exempt. Ditches virtually by definition flow into a water of the United States, and we have an example where the water in the United States was a channelized stream, was eight feet below grade. There are some ditches three feet below grade that, you know, kind of like a waterfall discharge into this creek. The water never--you know, this ditch does not touch the bottom of that ditch. The water falls through the air about five feet, runs down the edge of the embankment when there's water. These are intermittent streams--or ditches. Those ditches would be regulated as a tributary of the United States under this rule. I am sure of it.    Mr. Kerr. Yes, sir. If I could, one suggestion I would have, it seems to work in Virginia. I don't want to claim that it would work nationally. But I would like to see, as someone else here mentioned, an opportunity where the EPA gets a roundtable together, a technical advisory committee, and allows that technical advisory committee to provide direct input, and it would have conservation groups, industry, consultants, the entire gamut, work on an issue for--in Virginia it's up to 180 days before a rule goes out for public comment. So you would still have public comment. I think 180 days is better than 90. I don't think--I think with these large regulatory issues, they're too complicated to do too quickly.    Mr. Kerr. Yes, SWANCC.    Mr. Kerr. S-W-A-N-C-C, I think, Southern Water -- Southern Waste Management Authority. It was a county in Chicago.    Mr. Kerr. Yes.    Mr. Kerr. I think that's nonsensical.    Mr. Kerr. I'll say this is--the energy policy is outside my purview.    Mr. Kerr. I'll have to concede to the others because I don't do air quality consulting.    Mr. Kerr. Yes, sir, they do.    Mr. Kerr. No, I don't. If I could get a chance to elaborate at some point, I'd like to give you time to ask more questions.    Mr. Kerr. I disagree with the statement. I've talked to small homebuilders. You know, regulatory creep is already having an effect.    Mr. Kerr. Thank you. Well, two parts. When a farmer in Chesapeake is looking to sell his land and needs a wetland delineation done so that the prospective purchaser can determine where they can build, we're walking out into soybean fields and looking at areas that show up as moist signatures on aerial photographs and looking to see if there might be some wetland plants or stunted vegetation in a crop field, and the Corps of Engineers before this rule are regulating those areas as wetlands. Now, if they're isolated, then the Corps--the federal government does not take jurisdiction; the Commonwealth of Virginia would. If they're adjacent to a ditch that's adjacent to a wetland, all of a sudden they are regulating it. Now, that--that has already crept into the procedure, and I've argued consistently that it shouldn't because Congress went to the Corps back in 1990 and said create what's called a PC cropland, prior converted cropland. They had--there was a regulatory guidance letter the Corps put out, 90-7, that spelled out the procedures for that that exempted agricultural fields as long as they didn't pond or flood for 7 to 14 days. Any portions that did would be considered a farmed wetland and be regulated.    In 1993, the EPA and the Corps put out a rule that said we're codifying regulatory guidance letter 90-7, and you would think, I thought--I'm a consultant. I know 90-7. They said they codified it, which would have perpetuated this exemption for most farm fields that were farmed prior to 1985, don't pond or flood for very long duration and have never been abandoned for more than five years.    With that rule in place, they're now telling me that what that actually means is that they don't recognize the prior converted cropland rule created by the NRCS under the Food Subsidy Act and that the Corps doesn't recognize 90-7 anymore at all anywhere at any time, and I've repeatedly asked the question, and the rule that's just been passed, they simply said we're not changing that because we weren't--that's not part of our charge. They changed adjacency definition and that wasn't part of their charge. I would love to see Congress--to me, there's no confusion. In fact, there's a court in Florida that's already decided this case, which I brought to the Corps' attention, which didn't get any traction, and that judge said you can have two different rules that use the same phrase and they mean two different things because they fall under two federal laws. That's not occurring, and we have farm ditches and farmland being regulated today and it'll continue.    Mr. Kerr. Yes. There were a few Supreme Court decisions, SWANCC being one, Rapanos being one of the other two or three major ones. That's correct.    Mr. Kerr. Two real problems. One is the legal question, and there was some ambiguity because of multiple Supreme Court decisions that had to be looked at in the field, and then it became the practical problem of how do you provide guidance to regulatory staff and consultants that's clear, easily understandable and could be consistently applied, not only in an area but across the entire country. So that was the challenge, and they tried to take in science, and in the preamble of the rule, they said those are the three compelling issues they have to deal with--science, policy and law--and they said that science in fact falls short in certain areas, and they've got to reach a policy decision that's consistent with the law.    Mr. Kerr. Yeah, they've kind of moved items around, and so things that were previously one thing like possibly an isolated water that wasn't regulated can become an adjacent water. The other thing is, they did create a bright line but the bright line--and I'm speaking specifically to rule A8, wetlands that show a significant nexus to traditionally navigable waters, allows that to be applied to any feature within 4,000 feet of an ordinary high-water mark or a tributary.    Now, we're not talking about rivers, we're not talking about streams, we're not talking about creeks. Where I come from, there were creaks, then there were smaller ones that were cricks. We're not talking about those. We're way up into the headwaters of ephemeral and intermittent streams and then going 4,000 feet out to determine a significant nexus.    My point is that that includes virtually the entire watershed of virtually every place that I've looked. So they created a bright line but it includes everything.    Mr. Kerr. Yeah, and they've--it's not any clearer. They've expanded jurisdiction into areas that heretofore may not have been regulated or weren't regulated, and the procedures aren't any clearer. They provided some bright lines, and some of those are commendable but others are just--they kind of grab all kinds of things and don't create the simplicity that anyone was looking for.