    Mr. Sherman. Chairman, thank you for holding these hearings. I know we have a classified briefing for the full committee on the same subject as these hearings and then I know that we have votes.    So we will have a limited amount of time here in this room. Our hearts go out to the people of Taiwan and I join with your statement, the statement of our full committee chair, in sympathy for the people of Taiwan where this disaster has cost 60 lives.    And as the chairman noted, the people of Taiwan are there again and again and again when there is a disaster elsewhere in the world.    While the regime in Beijing is currently engaged in a concerted effort to restrict human rights, we look only at Taiwan as a country where democracy flourishes, and we will once again see the peaceful and democratic transfer of power from one party to another.    The United States has a strong interest in supporting the people of Taiwan and those interests are enshrined in the Taiwan Relations Act, which is an important statement that the U.S. to resolve that the people of Taiwan will be able to determine their own fate permanently and peacefully.    The clear message should be that the United States believes in the power of dialogue and we unequivocally support the right of the people of Taiwan to determine their own fate.    In that spirit, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for bringing up the Taiwan Naval Support Act and I thank the administration for finally delivering the frigging frigates.    While our commitment to our friends in Taiwan should not be doubted, I was very impressed to meet Dr. Tsai when she was in opposition on the trip led by Chairman Royce and I am confident that the people of Taiwan will rejoice when they inaugurate their first woman President and it is a joy that I look forward to the American people experiencing just a year later.    And I know the people of Taiwan will enjoy living under a woman President and I know my constituents look forward to that joy as well.    I look forward to hearing how we can help diversify the economy of Taiwan so it is less reliant on and dependent on and subject to manipulation by the People's Republic of China.    I support Taiwan joining TPP if that is what the people of China want--the people of Taiwan want. What I don't support is the United States joining TPP, and I will point out that every candidate for President that is able to get more than 3 percent of the vote has taken a stance against TPP because they know that the American people wouldn't dream of seriously considering a candidate that supported this trade pact which will hurt the American people so significantly while helping the People's Republic of China establish that the rules of trade for the world are that currency manipulation is, as my people say, kosher.    It is a tremendous negotiating victory for the People's Republic of China to enshrine in the rules of the road that their practices of currency manipulation are to be sacrosanct, not to mention the fact that the rules of origin are of such tremendous assistance to the People's Republic of China.    Taiwan could play a useful and larger role in international organizations, sharing its expertise, sharing its experience.    The United States needs to continue to advocate broader participation for in Taiwan international organizations, whether it be those organizations like Interpol, that keep us safe from dangerous criminals, and that's why I have cosponsored legislation to direct the President to develop a strategy to obtain observer status at least for Taiwan and Interpol.    Similarly, I have advocated Taiwan's participation in other international organizations. There is no reason why the fine points of international sovereignty should get involved in the practicality of Taiwan's membership in WHO.    Even the People's Republic of China has it in their interest to stop criminals and stop disease and the practical way to do that is to involve Taiwan to the maximum extent in the international organizations that are focused on human health and international crime.    So I look forward to hearing from the witnesses here in this open setting and to then adjourning for the classified briefing.    And I don't know if anyone else on our side has an opening statement. But I hope the chairman would indulge at least one member on our side.    Mr. Sherman. Hence, there is only one way to achieve the goal that you and I both have for the United States.    Mr. Sherman. With the notable exception of our own State Department, every foreign ministry I have talked to--almost everyone--has said that their number-one goal is trade and exports.    And we have a persistent double digit in billions trade deficit with Taiwan. What has the State Department done? What have you personally done to create a circumstance where we are running a trade surplus with Taiwan, at least one that will--a surplus for enough years to the--so that our trade relationship this century will be at a balance?    Mr. Sherman. I will relate to you something that happened in this subcommittee.    The person who--I now mention his name to you privately--probably is the most respected Assistant Ambassador we have had in Asia sat there and said that when he was the Ambassador to South Korea he helped America by putting out on the lawn, and he listed a number of cars that he thought were made in America, and one of the cars he was promoting was 99 percent made in Germany. It had an American nameplate on it.    So and this was someone who hadn't made a stupid mistake in 20 years. Anybody who actually cared about promoting our exports would know whether the car they were trying to get South Koreans to buy was built in America or just labelled in America.    But when you don't care, you know, things fall through the cracks. So yes, indeed, I have a belief that the State--So what have you done, when are we going to get a trade surplus with Taiwan?    Mr. Sherman. Yes. We will point out almost always when I talk about the State Department of economic ties, they are more--they are as interested in creating more imports as more exports and I have had State Department officials testify that the trade deficit isn't a problem for American families and that in fact expanding imports is just as wonderful as expanding exports. So please don't talk about trade ties. Talk about exports.    Mr. Sherman. So we have this intensive dialogue but we're failing every year. Every year we run a trade deficit. Do you know why we are failing? Do you think of it as failure? Or is it success to run a trade deficit?    Mr. Sherman. I am going to reclaim my time. I mean, we are working hard. We are making progress. We are failing every year and we do not have a target date that you can reveal as to when we will reach a trade balance. We will continue to work hard. We will continue to fail.    What additional weapons assistance has Taiwan requested an opportunity to buy in the United States? This is both in the interest of preserving the rights of the Taiwanese people.    I know it is juxtaposed with my question about a trade deficit. Doesn't hurt there either. What have they asked for that we have not green lighted yet?    Mr. Sherman. Including what they have asked for informally and you have told them not to ask for formally.    Mr. Sherman. I know all that. Can you answer the question? What are they asking for formally or informally?    Mr. Sherman. Will the classified briefing tell me this or will the process of not letting me know be consistent both for----    Mr. Sherman. Okay. But how are we doing on the F-16s, the mine sweepers? I believe my time has expired. But those are the--I got an answer from my staff. I hope to get an answer from you. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman. I'll make a couple of political science comments.    First, in defense of strategic ambiguity, Donald Trump is not known for has ambiguity yet he has spoken often in favor of not saying what he would do because that gives--would give him--a Trump presidency--more leverage in the negotiations.    The problem with it I find with strategic ambiguity is that it means that if you're going to keep the foreign power guessing as to what our policy is then you cannot inform the American people of what.    So I think if we had a dictatorship there would be--in the United States it would fit with strategic ambiguity and I don't know if that's what Mr. Trump has in mind but he doesn't talk to me.    Mr. Sherman. Also, the second political science comment is political scientists live in this world where you figure out what is the interest of the country as if this was a game of Risk or something where the country was a single entity determining its interests.    My own belief is that countries make foreign policy decisions to respond to short-term domestic political needs, and right now China needs nationalism to explain why a party that is no longer the vanguard of the proletariat should continue to rule in the absence of 7\1/2\ percent growth.    Dr. Rigger, what--putting pressure on Taiwan, is that popular with Joe Six-pack in Shanghai?    Mr. Sherman. Well, we know that nationalism over the islets or rocks or whatever we're going to fight World War III about in the South Pacific that's popular nationalism. Is it consistent with popular nationalism in China to say we're going to be tough on Taiwan or--I mean, you're being tough on Chinese people.    So is a--does it fit with jingoistic popular nationalism in China to try to kick Taiwan out of Interpol?    Mr. Sherman. You need to study political science by running for office. There are no long-term political objectives. There are short-term political objectives.    Mr. Sherman. Okay.    Mr. Sherman. What--okay. Ms. Glaser talked a little bit about the things China can do to show its displeasure with the fact that the Taiwanese people voted for what they consider to be the wrong political party.    Those all seem like little nitpicking. Is there anything China might do to Taiwan in the next year that is more significant than trying to get a Latin American country to cut off diplomatic relations or giving Taiwan the cold shoulder and stopping communication with various mainland entities? Anything----    Mr. Sherman. If five Embassies closed in Taipei from countries that many Taiwanese could not find on a map would that shake confidence?    Mr. Sherman. Well, that's why I asked about five.    Mr. Sherman. Ah, there are a few islands that are so small that they would appreciate even modest aid from Taiwan. New Embassies could be opened by countries that are even harder to find on a map.    Okay. What factors do you believe contributed to the DPP winning the elections and, just as significantly, the KMT's weak showing?    Mr. Sherman. Sounds like Bernie Sanders won the election.    Mr. Sherman. Okay. And what can the DPP Government and Taiwan in general do to lessen its dependence on mainland China?    Mr. Sherman. I have gone over time. I don't know if the other witnesses have any quick comments.    Mr. Sherman. They have a mock-up of Taiwan's presidential palace so they can train special forces into how to go in and seize the President or something like that?    Mr. Sherman. Oh. I might point out, if we really cared about Taiwan's defense we would just amend the law that provided most favoured nation status to China and say this law is void if China takes military action against Taiwan, its ports and its shipping.    And some of us tried to do that back when we first gave affirmative MFN--that it's not too late. That one--they wouldn't need the frigates if we did that.    Mr. Sherman. I agree.