    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank the ranking member for holding this hearing.    Reducing the regulatory burden for Main Street job creators like small banks and credit unions is certainly an important topic and should continue to be a consistent bipartisan goal of this committee. I would like to thank our witnesses for taking the time to appear before the committee today as well.    I ask for unanimous consent to enter into the record letters from the American Bankers Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, the Credit Union National Association, and the National Association of Federal Credit Unions supporting the Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operational Risk (TAILOR) Act.    Mr. Tipton. H.R. 2896, the Taking Account of Institutions with Low Operational Risk, or the TAILOR Act, which I introduced with Representative Barr, is a legislative relief effort designed to give financial regulators the ability to appropriately tailor regulations to fit a bank or credit union's business model and risk profile.    Banks and credit unions are currently regulated under a one-size-fits-all approach, regardless of the size or risk profile. This means that regulations designed and intended for big banks are also applied to small community and independent banks or credit unions imposing compliance regimens and costs that many of them find unbearable. This legislation has the support of 37 cosponsors and over 55 State bank and credit union associations.    Additionally, several regulatory agencies recognize that banks and credit unions which engage in traditional banking activities should have their regulatory burden eased. That is exactly what this legislation is intended to do. FDIC Chairman Thomas Hoenig noted that for the vast majority of commercial banks that stick to traditional banking activities, and conduct their activities in a safe and sound manner, with sufficient capital reserves, the regulatory burden should be eased.    Tailoring regulations to account for the business model, risk profile, and cumulative impact ensures a strong regulatory model that minimizes burdensome regulations. Research has also shown that one-size-fits-all regulations have made it harder for community banks' customers to obtain loans, as well as making banking and credit services more expensive for small businesses, those living in rural communities like the Third District of Colorado which I represent, and millions of American consumers and businesses that are more challenging to reach or more expensive for larger banks to service.    This legislation will reverse that trend and help small banks and credit unions focus on their communities again so that Main Street can access the credit it needs for sustainable economic growth.    Thank you, and I yield back my time.    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would like to thank our panel again for taking time to be here.    One of the primary concerns I hear out of my district from small, locally-owned banks and credit unions is the cost of compliance.    Dr. Kupiec, you mentioned in your testimony the tendency for banking regulators to apply best practice supervision on supervised institutions. If you would speak to, how does this impact those institutions. And as well, the TAILOR Act will require regulators to examine potential unintended impacts of examination manuals or other regulatory directives, and that works in conflict with tailoring the regulatory actions. Will this alleviate some of that impact?    Mr. Tipton. Essentially, Mr. Stanley had asserted that there were exemptions that were created for small banks. You are stating that is not really the reality. We are seeing the unintended consequences of regulations that are impacting small banks, and just having regulations that the TAILOR Act would require that are going to be sculpted for those institutions would make good common sense?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you.    One of the frustrations that we hear--I have had the opportunity to be able to serve on a small local bank and used to be able to make what were called ``character loans,'' knowing the people that you actually work with. And I would like to be able to give you one example from my district.    I have a small business in Vail, Colorado. It is a ski and bike rental shop. I have had it for over 20 years. This gentleman applied to refinance his primary residency, but based on a 2-year average of his 2013-2014 tax returns, he didn't qualify. His 2015 profit, however, P&L statement, showed that his net income was in excess of the 2014 tax return, but it could only be used to be able to support the 2-year average unless he paid thousands of dollars to be able to have an accountant review his 2015 financials. In the end, he had to be able to pay off a couple of auto loans that he had to his detriment in order to be able to qualify.    This signals to me the loss of that relational banking that I think is so important in our community banks. Mr. Ireland, will tailoring regulations to community banks and credit unions--would this model enable these institutions to increase consumer and commercial access to credit?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you. My time has expired.