    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. Mr. Secretary, I want to get back to this massive--I am over here, way over to the extreme--well, your left which is good, Jeb's right, which is not possible. Mr. Secretary--    Mr. Capuano. It is not possible. Not desirable by either one of us either. This 2 percent deal, as I read the law, there are two requirements that we have set forth when you go below that 2 percent reserve fund. One of them is that you endeavor to get back to the 2 percent, ``endeavor,'' a word that Congress picked, not you. And the other one is that you are required to draw down Treasury funds to bounce up that percentage. Are you endeavoring to get back to the 2 percent?    Mr. Capuano. Because you are not just passing out loans like water anymore. You have a lot of other restrictions on the loans that you give out, and you are heading in the right direction.    Mr. Capuano. And you are--and you drew the funds down from the Treasury, correct?    Mr. Capuano. Did you use any of that Treasury money?    Mr. Capuano. I know what it is for, but I think that law is stupid that requires you to borrow taxpayers' money that you don't need, and you have proven that you didn't need it because you didn't use it. So I happen to think that law is stupid and I am trying to change it. But to my reading, you have adhered to the law. You are endeavoring to do what you are supposed to do, which is the word that Congress used, number one; number two is, you took down money that you didn't need to do--to sit there. So as far as I am concerned, you are doing well. I actually think that you also have other mandates for FHA and for HUD which is to encourage homeownership amongst responsible people. You are trying to balance that need, as we balance different things that are required of us. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. I think you are doing a good job.    As far as I am concerned, too, the fact that we don't have any good stories about certain people who have been priced out of the market is because you cannot have a good story when you don't create good stories. You were trying to create that good story, according to Moody's, which is not known as a liberal bastion of thinking or policy. They say that this half percent cut will open up at least 60,000 more people to buy a home. The REALTORS Association has a much higher number. So I actually think you are trying to create more of those good stories while being fiscally responsible.    One last question on this issue: If the reserve fund is challenged tomorrow because your assumption was wrong, and all of a sudden things go bad, is there anything to prevent you from increasing this fee again?    Mr. Capuano. My friends on the other side want you to raise that fee. We don't want you to raise this fee because we want more people to qualify, and it looks like with the lower fee you can manage it in a responsible way. If I am wrong, if you are wrong and by lowering the fee somehow you put the Fund in jeopardy, is there anything that prevents you from increasing the fee tomorrow?    Mr. Capuano. So you can do exactly what they want to do if you were forced to do it because we were wrong. Nothing is jeopardized. And you have plenty of money in the Fund to allow you the time to do that. We are talking about a problem that doesn't exist. I want to talk about one other issue that does exist where a policy that I do disagree with HUD and FHA on, and that is the Distressed Asset Stabilization Fund. Right now, as I understand it, for those properties that you are forced to take, you basically sell them to the highest bidder and the highest bidder has no interest and no knowledge of where these properties are; they are simply buying paper.    I personally don't think that is the best way that HUD could be going. First of all, I think you would be getting more money if you broke them up, individual properties to individual consumers are worth more to one--than it is to one consumer who is there to make profits, and you would be helping stabilize neighborhoods because those individuals or those community groups would care about those communities, and I would strongly encourage, Mr. Secretary, as your next step, to break that monopoly up.    I am not here to enrich or to not enrich the Lone Star fund, which bought thousands of properties recently, and I don't know where Somerville, Massachusetts is. They just bought a piece of paper. I would much prefer that those distressed properties in my district be offered to the highest bidder on an individualized, at least a small lot process, preferably to community organizations whose responsibilities are to create affordable homeownership and to build communities. I think you can make more money, and I think you could service our communities better if you took a more mayoral approach towards this as opposed to a macroeconomic approach. I know it is a different issue that you came in to talk about, but I wanted to get my 2 cents in, since I think you are doing a great job in the FHA.