    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you both for being here this morning. I appreciate your testimony and I appreciate both of your service.    I am hopeful that Americans think about their food supply, but my guess is that they probably don't worry about it as much as many of us do. We rely on importations of a lot of food to make our food supply complete. With the potential of all kinds of things that can happen in this world; wars or some kind of an outbreak of some kind, do you think, Ambassador, should we be making plans for more secure domestic food supplies as well as farm inputs, and understanding that there is a balance of other countries' agricultural industries depend on customers abroad, but is there something more we should be doing to secure our domestic food supply in case of an adverse event?    Mr. Newhouse. Good shape, yes.    Any thoughts, Dr. Beckham?    Mr. Newhouse. Keep up what we are doing, basically.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Dr. Beckham.--and continue to move forward with the innovation and the research, et cetera.    Mr. Newhouse. So I come from the State of Washington where we have the notorious reputation, I guess, of being the place of the cow that stole Christmas back in 2003 in the Mad Cow Disease, which that was only a couple of miles from my home, by the way. You talked about our biosurveillance and detection systems, and made the clear point that they are not as robust as they should be or could be.    Mr. Newhouse. So could you give us some thoughts about some of the obstacles perhaps that are there, and some of the things that maybe we could help impact to improve that?    Mr. Newhouse. Yes, all right. Right.    Mr. Newhouse. Okay.    Dr. Beckham.--more prepared, that we catch it upfront, and that we can get it under control when it does happen.    Mr. Newhouse. So you talked about the importance, and we learned this very well in Washington State about traceability and knowing your animals, where they came in contact, and where they have been and where they have gone. How are we doing nationally there?    Mr. Newhouse. Right. Right.    Dr. Beckham.--information. And so they are making progress in that, but we still don't have the real-time capability that we need, and sometimes during those trace-outs and trace-backs can be difficult.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes, but essential. Yes.    Mr. Newhouse. We have to have them, yes.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Dr. Beckham.--as well. But I will tell you, I have heard animal health officials say that they literally have to go into boxes and dig through where animals have moved to and from, and that is just not going to be a doable thing----    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Dr. Beckham.--and if it amounts to these outbreaks.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes.    Mr. Newhouse. Yes, absolutely.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Newhouse. Thank you very much.    The Chairman. Mr. Davis.