    Ms. Bass. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair. And, as usual, I want to thank you for your leadership on this issue and your creation of the TIP Report to begin with.    I want to say that I share your concerns over Malaysia and Malaysia's upgrading and say that there might be some of our colleagues that come and attend this session so that they can express their concerns over that.    I don't though, however, share your concerns about Cuba. And, in fact, I have been impressed with the way Cuba has responded to trafficking, especially sex trafficking. And I remember years ago when it was so obvious and open and flourishing. And what I saw took place is an absolute decline in this and the Cuban Government providing a lot of education.    What was happening in the early years was that girls and women from the countryside were coming to the city because there wasn't any employment. And so to discourage that they provided a lot of education. And they actually created a soap opera on television that was shown widely throughout the country to educate people in the countryside and ask them not to come to the city and get involved with this.    So I do think that improvements have been made there and that it is important for us to acknowledge it.    In regard to doctors that go over and go to different countries, I have spoken with many of them. And one of the things that I think that we are doing that I hope we stop, especially with the change in policy toward Cuba, is to try to seduce some of the Cuban doctors that are practicing around the world from returning to Cuba but actually to come to the United States.    And when you see doctors that are providing healthcare in developing countries, to me it is important that they continue to do that.    I also have to say that I often cringe when comparisons are made with other countries to slavery that took place in the United States, in particular because you are talking about my ancestors who actually don't even know who they were. And when I think about our Capitol, our Nation's Capitol which was built with slave labor, what we did is that we rented, the U.S. Government rented slaves from local plantations and they built the U.S. Capitol. And there is an acknowledgment of this in the Capitol Visitor Center.    And so I think sometimes when those comparisons are made it can minimize what actually took place in this country for over 200 years.    And then in terms of the Trafficking Report, I am always interested in trafficking that takes place in the United States, in particular with girls who are in the foster care system. And I am proud to say that in my County of Los Angeles the Sheriff's Department as well as social services got together. And our Sheriff's Department have now adopted a policy where they will not arrest girls who are caught up in trafficking, and that they will stop using the term ``John'' to refer to the child molesters, because that is actually who they are.    So while we hold the world accountable, and rightfully so, I think it is important that we continue to hold our own country accountable. And I appreciate that in the TIP Report it does have a section on the United States. But I want to continue to call for our own country, and as a matter of fact all 50 states, to adopt a policy where they will no longer arrest girls.    Thank you. With that I yield back my time.    Ms. Bass. Thank you. I really appreciate that.    I wanted to ask you about online trafficking. And it is certainly a growing problem, especially in the U.S. when there are like large sporting events like, like the Super Bowl, for example. And there was this big, huge bust on sex trafficking and then there are sites like Backpage, Craigslist, and even Facebook.    And so I wanted to know what, what efforts within the Federal Government are being made to curtail this? And then also, is this an international phenomena?    Ms. Bass. Thank you.