    Chairman Weber. The Subcommittee on Energy will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time which we might go ahead and do. Have you all eaten breakfast? So I want to thank you all for being here today.    Today's hearing is titled Innovations in Battery Storage for Renewable Energy.    I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Today, we will hear from government and industry witnesses on the state of large-scale battery storage, and recent technology breakthroughs achieved through research and development at the national labs and universities around the country. Our witnesses today will also provide insight into how innovative companies are transitioning basic science research in battery storage technology to the energy marketplace.    Energy storage could revolutionize electricity generation and delivery in America. Cost-effective, large-scale batteries could change the way we power our homes, reduce infrastructure improvement costs, and allow renewable energy to add power to the electric grid without compromising reliability or increasing consumer costs. As a Texan, trust me, I know the value of reliable, affordable energy. With a population in Texas that is increasing by 1,000 people a day, or more, and energy-intensive industries driving consumption, Texas is by far the nation's largest consumer of electricity. The Texas economy needs reliable and affordable energy to power long-term growth, plain and simple. With battery storage technology, Texas could count on power from conventional and renewable energy sources regardless of the weather, saving money for Texas consumers and keeping the Texas power grid reliable and secure.    Although large-scale battery storage has been available for decades, there is still more work to be done. Fundamental research and development into the atomic and molecular structure of batteries is needed to better understand the operation, performance limitations, and the failures of battery technology. At our national labs, we have the facilities and expertise necessary to conduct this basic research. The private sector plays an instrumental role in commercializing next generation battery technology. Through partnerships with the national labs, innovative battery companies can take advantage of cutting-edge research and user facilities, and develop cost-effective, efficient energy storage technology that can compete in today's energy marketplace. Instead of duplicating deployment efforts that can be done by the private sector, the federal government should prioritize basic research and development on energy storage. This investment in energy storage technology R&D can benefit all forms of energy while maintaining that reliability and the security of the nation's electric grid.    Current U.S. policy for advancing the deployment of renewable energy is built around federal subsidies and tax credits. But these policies only tend to increase costs for the American people, and are counterproductive to the development of battery storage technology that could make renewable power a good investment in the real world. By creating an incentive to invest in renewable energy deployment instead of energy storage, the federal government is actually steering investment away from battery storage technology. And the truth is, without affordable and efficient energy storage, renewable energy will never be able to match the efficiency, affordability, and reliability of fossil fuels. Instead, the federal government should end market-distorting subsidies and tax credits for the renewable energy industry, and allocate those resources to basic research and development necessary to solve the challenge of energy storage.    I want to thank our witnesses for testifying to the Committee today, and I look forward to a discussion about federal energy storage research and development, and the impact efficient and affordable batteries can have on energy reliability and security.    I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentleman from Florida, for an opening statement.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Grayson. And I now recognize the Chairman of the Full Committee, Mr. Smith.    Chairman Weber. Without objection. Thank you.    Chairman Weber. Let me introduce our witnesses. Our first witness today is Dr. Imre Gyuk. Okay, good German name. The Energy Storage Program Manager for the Department of Energy's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability. His work involves research on a wide variety of technologies, including advanced batteries, flywheels, the super-capacitors, and compressed air energy storage. Dr. Gyuk received his Bachelor's Degree from Fordham University, and his Ph.D. in theoretical physics from Purdue University.    Our next witness is Dr. Virden, Associate Laboratory Director for the Energy and Environment Directorate at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory. Now, that's a mouthful. At PNNL, Dr. Virden leads a team of 1,000 staff in delivering science and technology solutions for energy and environmental challenges. And he's been with the lab for over two decades. Dr. Virden holds two United States patents, and has received R&D 100 and Federal Laboratory Consortium awards for non-thermal plasma technology, a Discover Award from MIT for fuel reformation technologies, and he contributed to a Financial Times Global Automotive Award for PNNL's assistant to Delphi's non-thermal plasma technology for automotive applications. Dr. Virden earned his Bachelor's Degree and Ph.D. in chemical engineering from the University of Washington. Welcome.    Mr. Giudice--actually, I'm going to yield to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts, because I think she knows something about him, to introduce him.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentlewoman from Massachusetts.    Our final witness today is Dr. Jay Whitacre, Founder and Chief Technology Officer for Aquion Energy. Dr. Whitacre became an Assistant Professor at Carnegie Mellon in 2007, with a joint appointment in material science and engineering, and engineering in public policy departments, where he developed the chemistry that is the basis for Aquion Energy's product line. Dr. Whitacre received his Bachelor's Degree in physics from Oberlin College, and received his Master's and Ph.D. in material science and engineering from the University of Michigan.    That concludes the introduction of the witnesses, and unfortunately, as The Chairman said, they have called votes, so we are going to recess and then we will reconvene immediately after the last vote on the Floor.    The Subcommittee stands in recess.    Chairman Weber. We're going to reconvene this hearing, and we're going to recognize our first witness, Dr. Gyuk.    Chairman Weber. Thank the doctor. And we're going to move to our second witness, Dr. Virden.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Virden. Mr. Giudice, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Giudice. Dr. Whitacre, you're up.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Dr. Whitacre.    Did we lose Chairman Smith? Okay. So I will recognize myself for five minutes, and start with some interesting questions.    Dr. Gyuk, the Fiscal Year 2016 budget request includes a proliferation of battery and energy storage R&D scattered throughout DOE, including in the Office of Science, through the Joint Center for Energy Storage Research, JCESR. Do you all have a name for that, an acronym? JCESR, okay. Which, to me, sounds like some kind of salad dressing, but--in ARPA-E, in the Vehicle Technologies Program, the Solar Energy Program, the Hydropower Program, the Geothermal Program, and Advanced Manufacturing Programs at EERE, and then the program you manage, the Energy Storage Program in the Office of Electricity. So how does the department make sure the highest priority research is funded, and how do you avoid duplicative research?    Chairman Weber. Let me break in here for a second. Do you have a particular person who's tasked with watching these different programs, assessing their priority, and determining what's the highest level, and if so, who is that?    Chairman Weber. Okay. Well, forgive me, we're running short on time. Do you believe that grid-scale energy storage research receives the same priority within the department as vehicle battery R&D? Grid-storage research same priority as vehicle battery R&D.    Chairman Weber. Well, when I--when we look at the numbers in the budget request, I have to tell you that grid-scale research looks to be a lower priority, just from the numbers in the budget request.    Chairman Weber. So--and that was my first question; who's assessing those priorities. But let me move on to my third question for you. Wouldn't it make sense to cut the overhead cost and risk of duplication by combining all of these various programs into one battery and one energy storage program at DOE? If yes, why--if no, why not?    Chairman Weber. Okay. All right, well, I'm going to move on. All witnesses, very quickly. What impact could large-scale energy storage have on electricity reliability and reducing cost for customers? I mean that's our goal, right? So just as quickly as you can, what impact could large-scale energy storage have on electricity reliability and reducing the cost for our consumers? Doctor, we'll start back with--actually, let's do it backwards. Doctor, let's start over on this end.    Chairman Weber. Could you put a percentage on it?    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. Less.    Chairman Weber. Well, I love hearing the 20 to 30 percent lower, but it just depends on what the investment is. Dr. Virden?    Chairman Weber. Yeah.    Chairman Weber. Dr. Gyuk, I'll let you weigh-in on that quickly please.    Chairman Weber. Okay.    Chairman Weber. Okay, thank you very much.    And at this time, I'm going to yield to the Ranking Member.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman is recognized.    Chairman Weber. And now the gentleman that drives a battery just about everywhere he goes is recognized. Gentleman from Kentucky.    Chairman Weber. The gentleman yields back.    The gentleman from California is recognized. Or--I'm--yeah, that's right. Go ahead, Mark.    Chairman Weber. Gentleman yields back. Thank you.    I recognize the Chairman of the Full Committee, Chairman Smith.