    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and I thank you and the ranking member for holding this hearing. Since 2010, the Federal Employee Survey results indicate dissatisfaction with the governance of CSB by senior management. CSB ranks near the bottom in a comparison of very small agencies with a high percentage of staff reporting that they would not recommend the CSB as a good place to work.    Mr. Chairman, are you aware of these survey results?    Ms. Kelly. In September, 2014, CSB commissioned a study by Vantage Human Resource Services to help the agency address its challenges. Is that correct?    Ms. Kelly. And, in February 2015, you received a report in which Vantage provided its findings. We obtained a copy of this report. And I would like to walk through them. One of the findings was that 47 percent of CSB employees felt that senior leadership discouraged dissenting opinions.    Mr. Chairman, are you aware that nearly half of your employees don't feel as if they can disagree with the agency's position on issues without retaliation?    Ms. Kelly. Excuse me?    Ms. Kelly. This concern was raised last June by former Board Member Beth Rosenberg, who said, ``Those whose opinions differed from those of senior leadership are marginalized and vilified. At the CSB, disagreement is seen as disloyalty, criticism is not welcome, and staff fear retaliation.''    Do you disagree with the results of this survey, Mr. Chairman?    Ms. Kelly. OK. Why do you disagree?    Ms. Kelly. But you did say you agree with the--or you had the results of the survey. So the employees don't seem to agree with--that--they don't seem to feel free to be able to express themselves by the results of the survey.    Ms. Kelly. The report also finds that 60 percent of the employees felt that there was a lack of accountability and a lack of follow-through by senior leadership. Were you aware of that?    Ms. Kelly. OK. In addition, 80 percent of employees felt that conflict among Board members is having a negative impact on the agency.    Mr. Griffon, you have served for nearly 5 years now. Do you agree with this finding, and if so, why?    Ms. Kelly. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, you wrote a letter to the IG 2 days ago requesting investigation into potentially inappropriate communications and interactions by CSB employees with Vantage. Is that correct?    Ms. Kelly. Is it fair to say that you do not agree with the conclusions about CSB senior management?    Ms. Kelly. I have one more question so let me get my question in. Mr. Griffon, is there an example of how employees who express opinions that are different from or critical of senior management are treated?    Ms. Kelly. Thank you, and thanks for being here.