    Mr. Karr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Schakowsky, Ranking Member Pallone. I appreciate the opportunity to testify on behalf of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers today.    I know that our time is limited. And my complete statement is submitted for the record. So I will limit my remarks here and try to focus on the big picture. You have asked me to testify about these two--the discussion draft and a bill today. Let's talk first about the Improving Recall Tracking Act. Auto manufacturers are committed to keeping their products safe. And when a safety defect is identified, we want to undertake a recall. And we want all of the recalled vehicles to be repaired.    There are at least two challenges to completing repairs on recalled vehicles. One, of course, is consumer motivation. In this country, consumers make the choice whether or not to get their vehicles repaired. We want them all to get their vehicles repaired. We urge them to get their vehicles repaired. You all have done that from the dais over the course of the last couple of years. But, at the end of the day, consumers make that choice.    In an effort to sort of understand why people wouldn't get their vehicles repaired, my CEO, when he was testifying in front of the committee earlier this summer, noted that we were undertaking the first of its kind comprehensive study into consumer motivations. Global Automakers and the National Automobile Dealers ended up joining us. And we have been working together. And, as Mr. Bozzella stated, we are close to wrapping that up and look forward to briefing you all. We have actually been in touch about setting up a briefing for you all next month.    But putting consumer motivation aside, we know and you all saw over the last year or two that reaching all consumers in the first place is a significant challenge. It just is. One of the great things about the U.S. is we are a highly mobile economy. People move at the rate of about 17 percent a year. NHTSA, in analyzing vehicle completion--recall completion rates, has said that for those new vehicles in the sort of zero to 4 year-old time frame, about 83 percent of those get repaired. It is a very high percentage. But as soon as you start tracking further out, the completion rate numbers fall off dramatically.    Five to ten years, 44 percent completion rate. Over 10 years, 15 percent completion rate. At least part of the explanation for that is the challenge associated with actually reaching subsequent owners of vehicles. Mr. LaFeir's testimony is terrific. My companies, I think all of them probably use his service to contact consumers. But in reading his testimony, they admit that part of the problem is there is not uniformity among the states in the records they keep with regard to registration, how quickly those are updated. That is part of the reason why his company is so effective and why my companies use it is because they reach all these different data points beyond registrations so that we can notify consumers. The draft not only requires this information to be submitted into a national VIN database that would be accessible for recall purposes, but it effectively standardizes the information that would be collected and the timetables.    So it would, in fact, ensure that when we go to undertake a recall, we have a comprehensive set of timely contact information to work from and try to reach these owners of older vehicles who are still required to register those vehicles in the States. My testimony notes some other technical issues with the bill. But I think from the big picture standpoint, that is the issue that we are focused on. And it's worthy of further consideration.    With regard to the Motor Vehicle Safety Whistleblower Act, I would say just very briefly, that bill was introduced in the Senate last fall. The Alliance immediately reached out to staff on both sides of the aisle and Members. That bill had very strong bipartisan support. We expressed our concerns and worked through them. I never heard, frankly, in that time the issues that are being raised here today. That bill obviously passed by unanimous consent in the Senate. And we wouldn't object to you all taking it up and passing it over here. And with that, I will let myself open for questions.    Mr. Karr. I would like to be able to do that, but I just saw the preliminaries myself. And, you know, I wouldn't want to mischaracterize anything off the top of my head. We will schedule a full briefing and get the folks who actually conducted the survey in here as well, so you will all have the opportunity to ask them questions as well.    I guess one thing that is relevant to this hearing that we learned is that the vast majority of people who knew that they had had a vehicle recalled within the past 2 years, the vast majority of those people knew because they were contacted by the manufacturer. Even more than we expected. Given all the news media and social media and everything else, the vast majority of people----    Mr. Karr. Remember, part of the reason for doing the survey was to find out really why people who didn't get their vehicles repaired, you know, why they didn't--why that didn't happen. So we talked to a lot of people who had gotten their vehicles repaired. We talked to a fair number of people who intended to get their vehicles repaired in short order. And, interestingly, there was a group of people who said, ``I know my vehicle is under recall, but I don't intend to get it repaired.'' That was a small minority of the folks that we talked to. But, yes, we talked to all of those people.    Mr. Karr. Yes, I think that there actually are even examples of incentive programs that have been undertaken by a couple of my members surrounding the recent recalls. So, absolutely, I think that that is something to look at.    Interestingly enough, for a lot of consumers, they apparently have concerns if they bring their vehicle in to be recalled, that they will be upsold on other things. So part of this may be assuaging those concerns going forward. There are a lot of different reasons. And it will be interesting, I think you all will find it interesting to unpack why people do or don't do what they do.    Mr. Karr. Absolutely.    Mr. Karr. So, I absolutely agree with you that we need to, and I think my companies are very clearly demonstrating, and actually one of my comments, I should say, in the testimony to the draft bill is actually that, the way the draft bill is written, it actually only would allow us access to that database for the owner notification letters that are required under Title 49. And my guys are doing kind of creative and innovative things to reach out and motivate consumers.    And so we would like you all to consider allowing us to use contact information for these more creative means. Having said that, I do just want to say that the owner notification letters, they are, NHTSA fairly strictly lays out for us what we can say.    Mr. Karr. Thank you, Ranking Member. Unfortunately, I don't have any more insight into the facts than have been publicly recorded. I think this is a very unfortunate situation. Volkswagen is a company that has shown its commitment to the American market, including producing vehicles in the United States. But these allegations are not good. And it will clearly have ramifications going forward, as it should.    Mr. Karr. The Alliance does not support the bill as introduced. We have had numerous conversations with staff, primarily on the Senate side, where the counterpart originated, and proposed a number of possible changes to address our concerns, and would be happy to meet with you all and your staff.    Mr. Karr. Subject to an actual do not drive, it is a small percentage, under 10 percent.    Mr. Karr. There are not. However, manufacturers, when a manufacturer issues a recall, before they do that, that has to be basically approved through NHTSA. We submit the language and the proposal for the recall to NHTSA. And they review it and approve it before it goes out.