    Ms. White. Chairman Coffman, Ranking Member Kuster, and Members of the House Veterans Affairs Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, it's the 25th anniversary of the Gulf War. Our veterans won this conflict in less than a week. However, concern remains high that the troops who produced this victory are and will remain ill without legitimate acknowledgement of their health problems and associated disabilities and without effective treatment options now or in the future.    Despite decades of scientific evidence to the contrary, the VA and the Institute of Medicine have recently produced documents that minimize the poor health of these veterans by terming their illnesses to be functional, a medical term for psychiatric illness. This injustice is then compounded by a VA treatment guideline that suggests ineffective, unproven, palliative, and potentially harmful treatments for Gulf War illness that focus on psychiatric symptomatology. I speak as a clinician scientist who has worked with ill Gulf War veterans clinically and in research for over 20 years. My work on Gulf War illness is part of a 35-year career in which I have studied the effects of exposures to neurotoxic chemicals in adults and children. For 8 years, until last fall, I served as scientific director of the Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans' Illnesses. It has been known since a year or two after their return from the Gulf that a subset of Gulf War veterans was experiencing debilitating physical illness. Research beginning at that time and continuing to the present has produced a consensus of scientific knowledge about this illness that I will summarize briefly.    First, dozens of studies in multiple countries reveal that approximately 30 percent of the 1991 Gulf War veteran population suffers from a characteristic pattern of physical health symptoms that we call Gulf War illness. This pattern of health symptoms is not seen in veterans of other conflicts.    Second, this illness is not the result of stress or other psychiatric factors. Rates of post-traumatic stress disorder are typically less than 10 percent. Furthermore, rates of Gulf War illness are not significantly higher in Gulf War veterans with psychiatric diagnoses.    Third, Gulf War illness is associated with exposures to chemicals present in theatre, especially pesticides and pyridostigmine bromide, and possibly nerve gas sarin and particulates from the oil well fires.    Fourth, effective treatments for Gulf War illness and other disorders that are induced by chemical exposures that damage the brain do not exist at present. However, recent research has identified treatment options that target specific nervous system and immunological mechanisms of Gulf War illness. These treatments are now being piloted. Despite these treatment advances, new recommendations for treatment of Gulf War illness from VA emphasize immediate referral for mental health evaluation. In addition, cognitive behavioral therapy is suggested. This is a palliative treatment at best and has been shown to be minimally effective in VA research on Gulf War veterans.    Even worse, the treatment guidelines recommend 11 drugs to treat Gulf War illness, 10 of them psychiatric. All 11 drugs are noted in the guidelines to have significant adverse side effects, including suicidal ideation. And these medications have not been studied with regard to their effectiveness in the treatment of Gulf War illness. The recent volume 10 Institute of Medicine report further contributes to this situation by minimizing the health problems of Gulf War veterans and again placing a psychiatric cast on them. Although the volume 10 IOM report states that the science has not changed since the volume 8 report, its conclusions fly in the face of the scientific consensus on Gulf War illness that I have described. The volume 8 report concluded that Gulf War illness cannot be reliably ascribed to any known psychiatric disorder. The volume 10 report distorts and disavows this conclusion by saying that the illness cannot be fully explained by any psychiatric disorder. Unlike prior reports that support mechanistic scientific research on Gulf War illness, volume 10 suggests that it is time research efforts focus on mind/body connectedness, and that further research to determine the relationships between Gulf War exposures and health conditions in Gulf War veterans should not be undertaken. To recommend stopping research into the mechanisms underlying the disease just as research into these mechanisms has begun to make real progress is shockingly shortsighted. And to suggest that psychiatric research has been neglected could not be further from the truth.    During the first 15 years after the war, Federal Gulf War research focused mainly on psychiatric issues with negative results. It is unthinkable that the scientific progress now being made should be halted by a return to the psychogenic era.    Thank you.    Ms. White. I would say that there's a number of lines of treatment approaches that have been supported by CDMRP and more recently VA through our recommendations and work with them on the Research Advisory Committee. Some are aimed at symptoms, brain activation, improving general health and wellbeing. Obviously, when chemicals affect the brain, they affect how you feel as well as how you think and your immune system. And it is a whole body thing. I think what we're trying to say is that there is physical damage to the brain that is causing emotional as well as cognitive and other symptoms. And you need to approach the whole package. One thing that I think is really wonderful about the support we have gotten for the CDMRP programs, and I'm on the integration panel for that, is that we are now working on therapies and trying to fund therapies that get to the neuro-inflammatory and mitochondrial basis of this disease. If we can find treatments that go after the neuro-inflammation, that go after the mitochondrial damage, that go after some of the mechanistisms underlying pathophysiology of this illness, we will not only help the Gulf War veterans, we'll help other people with exposures in the whole world. And these kinds of chemical exposures are very hard to treat, as you know from your own illness. So I think that there's so much promise in the mechanistic-based treatment, as well as the symptomatically focused treatment. I would hate to see that lost. We're finally getting to mechanism. And we were not anywhere close to that 10 years ago.    Ms. White. Well, to answer some of your questions, the--there have been studies on subgroups of people within the Gulf theatre who had very specific kinds of exposures. So there is a bunch of research out on the pesticide applicators. And we know a lot about what pesticides they were exposed to, how much, what it did to their health. There is a study that's being done at Harvard that I'm participating in on the Kuwaiti population. They do--the people that were there then do have increased symptoms. We're trying to figure out what it means because the surveys that they used and so on didn't exactly address it the way we would address Gulf War illness.    The other point I want to make is that the exposure scenario in the Gulf War theatre was very complex. And comparing deployed to undeployed veterans does not always tell you what happened to people who were in specific places with specific kinds of high exposures. So the standard that we tried to ask for on the Research Advisory Committee (RAC) and in the Cortex paper that I just wrote is looking at people within--who were deployed to the Gulf and who were exposed versus who were not exposed and who were in certain locations.    Ms. White. Yes.    Ms. White. So where that data came from, and I used a lot of this data when I was head of an environmental hazards center that was funded by the VA, was we asked for data on what troops were where. And we got troop level data on locations in the Gulf. And we used that for some of our research. That's how we knew who was in the area of the Khamisiyah detonations and certain other things. So, yes, those data are there. It took a lot of years to get it because it was in paper in a warehouse. But there are data on who was where, at least at the troop level.    Ms. White. Yes, because not every individual was where their unit was supposed to be.