    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Ms. Archuleta, there has been a discussion today about how many people's--Federal employees' and retirees'--records have been breached. And you testified at the beginning you estimated about 2.4 million. Was that correct?    Mr. Mica. 4.2 in personnel. Because half of that is retirees, is that 2.4, and then you add the other balance?    Mr. Mica. Okay. Then the second figure you started to debate a bit about was 18 million, which has been reported by the media, but--and that would deal with breach of Social Security numbers?    Mr. Mica. But you are not prepared to tell us how many of the Social Security numbers are breached.    Mr. Mica. And then the chairman pointed out your statement, I guess it was in February, that you had, say, over 32 million records.    Mr. Mica. You really don't know then how many records have been breached beyond the 4.2?    Mr. Mica. You know, I thought about this a little bit. And I thought, well, first thing, were my records breached, my staff, and others? And then I was thinking of people downtown that work in the agencies. And we have an important responsibility to protect the information, their personal information. Over the weekend, in fact Monday, I spent at one of our embassies overseas being briefed all morning on a bunch of issues. And brought to my attention by some of the people serving in some sensitive positions were that they were notified by you all of a breach of their records. So our overseas personnel in sensitive positions have also been subject to this breach. Is that correct?    Mr. Mica. How much data? Is their address? But there is personal information about these individuals. You know, you think a little bit about people down in the glass places here, you want everyone safe. I was absolutely stunned to find out that some of the people, United States citizens serving overseas, were notified that their personnel records have been breached, and information is available on them, and they are in possible situations that could be compromised by that information. But you have notified them, right?    Mr. Mica. Those are the people. They mentioned this to me. I was there on other subjects but expressed concern.    Mr. Mica. These people are on the front lines overseas, and they are representing us. And I could hear concern in their voice about what's been--what has taken place. I read--is it Chinese hackers? Does anyone know? Was it Chinese? Do we know for sure? Do you know for sure?    Mr. Mica. So you have some idea, but it's classified?    Mr. Mica. Okay. Now whether it's Chinese or some group that could give this information to people who would want to do harm, that means some of those people to me are at risk.    Mr. Mica. Yesterday morning before I left, I visited a site of a terrorist act in one of the capitals. And I saw that--well, that place still hasn't been opened, and it has been months since that terrorist attack. And our people are over there on the front lines and, their information has been compromised.    Now, you have been there the longest, Ms. Barron-DiCamillo, is that the truth? I mean, since about 2012, is it?    Mr. Mica. You have been in position since 2012 at OPM?    Mr. Mica. Homeland Security, I am sorry, but you are responsible overseeing OPM's----    Mr. Mica. When did we first find out about this breach?    Mr. Mica. When? What date?    Mr. Mica. 2014. So when you came on, Ms. Seymour, about 2014?    Mr. Mica. 2013, so you were there. They talked about his bonus. Finally, are you SES?    Mr. Mica. Did you get a bonus too?    Mr. Mica. How much?    Mr. Mica. Okay. So whether you were private or public, people were getting bonus while some of this was going on.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.