    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Director Comey, for your presence here today and of course your great service to this country.    I think you testified earlier today in your belief as to the efficacy of mandatory minimums. Is that correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And can you just elaborate as to whether you still believe that mandatory minimums in light of the explosion of the United States prison population, particularly relative to every other developed country in the world, is still a relevant law enforcement tool?    Mr. Jeffries. And is your view anchored in the fact that many prosecutors have articulated the position that in the absence of mandatory minimums they don't have the same club by which to solicit cooperation and perhaps obtain plea bargains? Would that be part of your view here?    Mr. Jeffries. Now, there have been studies that have shown that in crimes that actually don't have mandatory minimums, the conviction rates at the Federal level are actually higher than the conviction rates of those where mandatory minimums do exist. And so I think that's part of the reason why an ideologically diverse group of individuals on both the left and the right, including the Heritage Foundation, which I believe said there's no evidence that mandatory minimums reduce crime, have questioned their continued need, at least in its current form.    Now, can you comment on sort of the explosion of the United States prison population. When the war on drugs began in the early 1970's, we had less than 350,000 people who were incarcerated in America. Currently that number is in excess of 2.3 million.    As you know, we've got 5 percent of the world's population; 25 percent of the incarcerated individuals in the world are here in the United States of America. Many of us believe it creates a competitive disadvantage for us going forward in addition to the damage that it does to the social fabric of many communities.    Could you comment as to the mass incarceration phenomenon that exists in America and what, if anything, you think should be done about it from a public safety standpoint?    Mr. Jeffries. I certainly think it's important for us to be thoughtful. I grew up in New York City in the 1980's in the midst of the crack cocaine epidemic, 2,000-plus homicides in the city of New York alone. We're down under 350. And obviously no one wants to return to that.    A Pew study, though, however, I believe concluded that in all 17 States that have cut their incarceration rates, they've experienced a decline in crime over the past decade. And so it seems to me that there's room empirically, based on the data, for a real discussion as to how to get the balance correct. I gather you share that view.    And I just appreciate your willingness to continue in a dialogue for us to get the benefit of your views as we move forward toward criminal justice reform.    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you.    I yield back.