    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you for convening this hearing. And I appreciate the Ranking Member, Mr. McGovern, who is very passionate about these issues, and I just wanted to see how fast he would turn around when he heard his name.    Mr. Davis. Yes. But this is a great opportunity to hear some innovative approaches. Some of the longest debate that we had during our farm bill negotiations were obviously related to the programs that funded our food and nutrition programs. And I am glad to hear many of the witnesses today. I have read your testimony, and thanks for being here.    I am from Illinois, and part of the farm bill, we authorized ten pilot programs to be able to look at a valuable first step to building the solution for making some of the meaningful improvements that many of you are talking about. And I am excited to see that Illinois is a grantee. I frankly didn't think our governor at the time, who is no longer governor, would actually make the application. I am glad he did. I actually had to apologize for calling him out in the newspaper.    Mr. Baron, what advice would you give a state like Illinois to ensure that this pilot program is successful?    Mr. Davis. Excellent. Thank you. Thanks for your advice, and we may have our new Administration in Illinois reach out for some more suggestions on how to be successful.    Dr. Sullivan, in your testimony you talked about how the structure of SNAP makes it difficult to gather evidence on the real effectiveness of the program. And if you have already mentioned this before I got here, or if you mentioned it to a previous question, I apologize for the redundancy, so feel free to move even beyond with some other suggestions. But, from your perspective, what changes should be made in order to get the most accurate data? And how can we take what you are learning, quantify results, and move them into the public policy realm?    Mr. Davis. So are there any other ideas that you may have that we have yet to ask you a question on that you feel may be helpful for us to develop a new policy, and more innovative policies?    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to both witnesses for being here. My questions today are going to be for Mr. Doar. Coming in late to the hearing, I notice that you already addressed many of the issues that we wanted to bring up. And I want to especially commend both of you for addressing the issue about hunger, and a lack of access to food with our veterans' population. I think it is a population that is self-reliant, in many cases, sometimes not willing to ask for assistance, and the Commission's recognition of this particular group's issues, says a lot about some of the priorities that we should have as policymakers, and also looking ahead.    But Mr. Doar, in your testimony you point out the continuing cycle that is hunger and education. And children experiencing hunger have lower graduation rates, and those without a high school diploma are more likely to be hungry than their peers that completed high school. In our last Nutrition Subcommittee hearing, we started to address this relationship between hunger and education when thinking about ways young people can break the cycle of poverty. And from the stories and the testimony that you have heard, just how vital is three meals a day towards a child being able to focus and achieve success in the classroom? So simply does the goal of three meals a day get us closer to breaking the cycle?    Mr. Davis. Yes.    Mr. Doar.--and we are aware of the role that school meals play. So I would rank that activity as one of those things that made us feel as if a lot of good work is being done in helping people who struggle with hunger. And one place it is happening is in schools, with school meals. But, specifically on this sort of goal of three meals a day, or how government or school meals would address it, I don't believe we got into that.    Mr. Davis. Well, do you have any additional comments relating to the possibility of three meals a day that would be relevant to our conversations that we have in this Committee hearing room?    Mr. Davis. Okay. Well, Dr. Chilton, do you have any thoughts on this issue?    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you, and I do appreciate the work that the Commission is doing. I represent a rural district that has many metropolitan areas, and there are, I am glad that there is starting to be a recognition of food deserts in rural areas. And programs can work, but we have to get transportation to those meal sites. So your willingness to continue this discussion, and also intertwine it with a discussion on the school lunch program, and how or why our kids may be still not getting enough within those two meals that are being provided at the school, and how that could impact that student's not only learning, but also their physical abilities and capabilities as we move into the rest of the day, whereas you just mentioned, they may not get that third meal once they get home.    So these are issues that are very important to me and my district, and I know they are very important to Chairman Conaway, and I look forward to working with you in the future. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Adams, 5 minutes.