    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to add a few words about the late Don Edwards.    I had the honor of serving with him for 2 years; I was elected in 1992. And I knew of him well before I came to Congress. I knew of him as one of the leading defenders of civil liberties in the United States, and I greatly admired him from afar.    When I came to Congress and I told the then-Speaker--I was asked, ``What Committees would you like to serve on?'' and I said, ``Well, I'd like to serve on the Judiciary Committee.'' I was told that, well, if I wanted to serve on the Judiciary Committee, I had to get Mr. Edwards' approval as to my attitudes on civil liberties. And so I had an interview with him, and I must have satisfied his interest in my attitude toward civil liberties because he approved it, and I became a Member of this Committee.    But such was the esteem in which he was held by the leadership, that he was given, apparently, that prerogative with new Members. And he richly deserved it. He was a leading voice of civil liberties for many, many years, and he served this country well. And we should thank him for that, thank his memory for that.    I yield back.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We've heard a lot today about saving lives. After 23 years in Congress, I am still shocked by the hypocrisy we continually hear from my friends on the other side of the aisle. Since 2013, there have been over 900 mass shootings across the country, including 300 mass shootings in 2015, an average of more than one mass shooting every day this year. 10,128 people have been killed this year alone. Americans are 20 times more likely to be killed by gun violence than people in any other developed country who are not more or less mentally ill than people in the United States. Although we have 30 percent of the world's population, the U.S. has 90 percent of the world's firearm homicides--I think that's 3 percent of the world's population.    How many hearings have my Republican colleagues held on gun violence since taking over the House since 2011? None. Since Sandy Hook, there have been 142 school shootings, the most recent strategy occurring on a community college in Oregon. And since the Oregon shooting, 146 people have been killed and 128 shootings in the United States. Not one hearing, not one vote on gun violence.    For comparison's sake, 2 months ago, an extremist liar released a series of heavily edited and probably illegal videos filled with lies about Planned Parenthood, an organization that has been providing comprehensive compassionate health care to women for a century. In the last 30 days, the House has opened three official investigations, spent countless hours in Committee hearings, and just yesterday voted to establish a fourth investigation through a special select Committee. We have taken 20 votes this year alone restricting women's access to health care. This very hearing is the Committee's second in 30 days on Planned Parenthood, despite the fact that this entire farce is knowingly based on lies.    If my colleagues had even one shred of evidence that Planned Parenthood had broken any laws, they would have gone to a State or Federal prosecutor right away. But they didn't, and they don't. Perhaps that's why one of my Republican colleagues Mr. Chaffetz announced on TV just last week that there's no evidence that Planned Parenthood has broken any laws. Imagine how many lives we could save if my colleagues devoted even one half of that attention to stopping the epidemic, and it is an epidemic, of gun violence in this country. My colleagues will claim that we cannot possibly take any action on gun violence because the right to own a gun is protected by the Constitution. It's a very funny argument coming from the other side in light of this shameful hearing. You know what else is protected by the Constitution, a women's right to access abortion and to make her own choices about her health care and whether to get an abortion. Yet the same colleagues who refuse to take any action on gun violence have no problem tossing the Constitution out the window to impose their own moral opinions on all American women.    Measures passed at the State and local level put unbelievable restrictions on a woman's right to access an abortion. Women must endure invasive tests and exams, wait 48 hours before they can undergo the procedure, take time off from work to visit the one facility in the State where abortion is still available, and endure endless badgering and even assault from protesters any time they try to enter a clinic they have a constitutional right to enter. They must face regular shaming from the Republicans on this Committee--almost all men, I may add--for making the choice to exercise their constitutional rights.    Yet there are no such restrictions for acquiring a gun. You can walk into a gun show at noon and walk out 15 minutes later with a high-capacity magazine and a semiautomatic rifle in your hands. No background check, no ID, no way of making sure the gun purchase is going to someone with the proper safety training and with no history of domestic violence. Imagine if we made people jump through the same hoops to buy a firearm as they do for having an abortion. Imagine the invasive questions about why are you getting the gun and whether or not you considered all your options? Imagine the only way to get a gun was to prove through a police report that you have been raped or assaulted in the past or have a lawyer certify that your life is in imminent physical danger unless you get a gun. Think about being shamed and shouted at and forced to look at graphic images of gun violence as you walk into a gun shop.    That outrage you feel, that nagging feeling that the government has no right to put any restrictions on your constitutional rights: that is what a woman feels every time she tries to make a decision about her health and about whether or not to access her constitutional rights to an abortion. Until this Committee is ready to face the real crisis of gun violence in our country to take a firm stand that enough is enough and it's time for real action, these proceedings will remain a hypocritical farce.    Ms. Fredrickson, are you aware that the Center for Medical Progress obtained its nonprofit status from the IRS by representing itself as a nonprofit based on biomedical research and that they did not indicate their political activities in their application. And is this a fraud? Is this illegal to provide false information to the IRS?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. My last question is, at the moment three House committees and one Senate committee on investigating Planned Parenthood. The majority is proposing using taxpayer dollars to establish a select panel that would launch its own fifth investigation.    What do you make of the fact that the majority has committed these resources to attacking Planned Parenthood and almost none to investigating alleged illegal activity at the Center for Medical Progress?    Mr. Nadler. As do the testimony of three witnesses who have nothing to say about Planned Parenthood but have to say about abortion generally.    Thank you very much. I yield back.    Mr. Nadler. Mr. Chairman, regular order. Could the clerk call the roll? Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Nadler. Aye.    Mr. Nadler. That's the recorded vote.    Regular order results, please.    Mr. Nadler. Regular order. Could we have the results of the vote, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Nadler. Point of order. When we are in the middle of a roll call vote, you can't have a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Nadler. Let's report the vote.    Mr. Nadler. It was given to us yesterday morning.    Mr. Nadler. Regular order. Can we have the vote results?