    Mr. Wainstein. Thank you very much, Chairman Wilson. It is a real pleasure to be here today on behalf of the Blue Ribbon Study Panel on Biodefense and to represent our co-chairs, Governor Tom Ridge and Senator Joe Lieberman, as well as the rest of our colleagues who worked with us on the Study Panel.    As you mentioned, last October we released our bipartisan report in which we provided an assessment of our national biodefense, and offered 33 recommendations that we believe will improve our ability to defend against biological threats of all types--against those that are intentionally and maliciously introduced, against those that are naturally occurring, and also against those that result from accidental release.    Before highlighting a couple of these recommendations, I would like to briefly discuss the biological threat that we currently face. I will start with the anthrax attacks of 2001.    We don't need to remind you up here on Capitol Hill about those attacks and about how they were a tragic wakeup call to the Nation about the possible consequences of deadly biological agents falling into the wrong hands.    As tragic as those attacks were, however, there is good reason to believe that future attacks could be much more devastating. For one, we know that are there are stockpiles of biological weapons throughout the world that may now be or may become accessible to our enemies. When the U.S. discontinued its offensive biological weapons program in 1969, other nations, including the former Soviet Union, continued to produce stockpiles of biological agents, stockpiles that represent an appealing opportunity for rogue nations and those terrorist groups, like ISIS , that are intent on inflicting the maximum possible damage against our Nation and against our people.    As we on the panel heard from a number of experts who appeared before us, including former Senator Jim Talent, former Representative Mike Rogers, and others, our enemies are currently taking specific steps to develop, or to procure, biological weapons for use against us. Intelligence indicates that they are actively trying to recruit scientific experts; they are seeking control of laboratory, manufacturing, and other infrastructure for biological weapon production and development; they are talking about how best to deploy biological weapons; and they are making concrete plans for the use of these weapons.    In light of this information, we believe that it is not a matter of if, but rather when and how soon a biological attack will be launched against our Nation, our people, or our allies; and the fundamental question is whether we are equipped and prepared to handle this imminent threat. And sadly, our panel found that the answer to that question is no. Despite a number of important strides taken in the past 14 years since the anthrax attacks, we have failed to develop the coordinated and comprehensive biodefense that is necessary to meet and defeat this threat.    To address this failing, our panel made 33 recommendations that we believe will improve our Nation's overall ability to prevent, deter, detect, respond to, recover from, and mitigate biological threats. And if I may, I would like to highlight just a couple of those recommendations.    First, recognizing that leadership is the key to success for any such effort, our initial recommendation is that the White House take point in coordinating the national biodefense, and specifically that the Vice President take charge of that effort; that he establish and operate through a Biodefense Coordination Council comprised of representatives of the responsible agencies, and that as a first step he and the Coordination Council jointly develop a national biodefense strategy to replace the current piecemeal strategies, directives, and policies with a comprehensive strategy that contains both the overarching vision and the specific policy and operational objectives that are necessary to drive the construction of a viable national biodefense.    In conjunction with this and the other recommendations that are directed primarily to the executive branch and its State, local, tribal, and corporate partners, we also recommend that Congress take steps to contribute to this effort. Specifically, we recommend that Congress follow the lead of this committee and enhance the level and the intensity of its oversight in the biodefense area.    Progress in this biodefense area will require strong encouragement and strong oversight from Congress. And while we applaud this committee for taking the step of having this hearing, we recognize that it is only a first step; a first step of what will be a long-term national effort to build an effective and enduring defense system to protect against the biological threat.    It is important to remember that after the terrorist attacks of9/11, 2001, we succeeded in doing exactly that, and we built a defense system that has largely protected us against the more general traditional terrorist threat. With commitment and with support from both the executive and legislative branches, I am confident that we can do that again, that we can build a defense system that will protect us against the specific threat of biological attack and infection.    I want to thank you, sir, for holding this very important hearing and for having me here today, and I look forward to any questions that you may have.    Mr. Wainstein. Yes, Mr. Chairman, I think you have put your finger on one of the big risks here.    Look, the bio threat has always been one that has caused people in the government to lie awake and worry about at night, and especially since the anthrax attacks.    But I think what is new now is what you just identified, which is the primary adversary, it used to be Al Qaeda, we were concerned about Al Qaeda generating weaponized anthrax, probably in caves or in pretty primitive facilities. We now have ISIS that is infinitely better funded, infinitely better resourced, more people of all types, not just fighters, but people of educational backgrounds, scientists and the like. And, as you indicated, they have facilities, they have the footprint where they can put together a program like this and have the continuity and the protection to do that, but they also have hospitals and labs and that kind of thing right there in their territory.    So the threat, I think, has always been there, and we have heard about it from a number of different commissions and panels. But this, I think, it is a new threat, a newly enhanced threat.    In terms of the intelligence and what the intelligence community can do, look, this was an unclassified exercise, we didn't get a classified briefing from the intelligence community, but we did learn about sort of the general state of intelligence. And it is clear to us that the intelligence community would be doing a much better job if they were linked in with a more centralized, coordinated, all-of-government effort. Then their requirements and their intelligence collection can be more focused in order to enhance the overall effort to identify the bio threat, think of best ways of dealing with it, and then taking those steps.    So I think that the intelligence community is going to be a major player in this, what we present as a potential overhaul of the biodefense bureaucracy, and it is going to require some direction from the top.    Mr. Wainstein. No, thank you.    Mr. Wainstein. Great to see you.    Mr. Wainstein. No, thanks. He covered it.    Mr. Wainstein. Good question. And I concur with everything Jerry just said. I mean, at first blush when you hear a panel recommending that the Vice President should take on this one sort of discrete area, you think, gosh, that is a little bit of a bold proposal. But for all the reasons Jerry mentioned, I thought it made sense. And I was the Homeland Security Advisor the last year of President Bush's administration and obviously my job was to ensure that there is coordination on major issues and that we get progress and we get consensus and the like, and that is tough to do with small issues, day-to-day issues; incredibly difficult to do when you are trying to take the bureaucracy and build something new, something much stronger than what we have now.    And so my favorite reference is what the government did after 9/11, and I think it is pretty much a success story. Not absolute success, but the government really went through an overhaul after 9/11 to meet the traditional terrorist threat that we saw on 9/11, and it had been pretty successful with it. But that took an enormous effort driven directly by the President and obviously with Congress in lockstep.    This is a very serious threat. It is more discrete, it is more focused, but it requires almost as many different actors within the executive branch to work in concert. And our thought was, gosh, we could have one department head sort of anointed as the coordinator, but then you would have the same bureaucratic tensions that you would always have when equals are having to listen to--you know, there is one person designated as higher than the others.    You could just have somebody in the National Security Council, like we have had in the past. Bob Kadlec was the person in the Homeland Security Council when I was there, very effective, but probably not enough to really get across the goal line.    So we thought, look, the Vice President has taken these kind of tasks on before, this Vice President has taken on these kind of tasks, and this is one that really warrants it, given the threat. So we thought, look, we will put that out there. And I know the chairs have had meetings with the White House about this. And I think people are intrigued.