    Mr. Desaulnier. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. First, a question for Ms. Herschkowitz. I was just handed this document that I am told is part of a trade association that you are a part of, ``Control Silica Exposure in Foundries,'' are you familiar with this?    Mr. Desaulnier. Mr. Chairman, I would like to enter it into the record.    Mr. Desaulnier. It seems at a very quick look that the organization has done a lot of work in this regard. Again, just preliminarily looking at it, it seems there are some contradictions. Just having sat here and listened to the contradiction between Dr. Melius and the rest of you about we are all on the same page we want to use cost-effective implementation and feasibility.    Dr. Melius, in terms of the feasibility, and you are a public health expert, I appreciate Mr. Brady's comments about everybody wanting to invest effectively on reducing the public health issue and the graph that has been presented by the Chamber. Do you have comments on how feasible, you think, recognizing you are a public health person?    Mr. Desaulnier. Mr. Brady, I appreciate meeting with you, and you know about my concern, coming from Northern California, about the need for affordable housing. In California, since 2008, the standards went to the higher standards in terms of prevention.    Do you have any comments about that or any of your California colleagues? Knowing many people in the home building industry, as when I met with you in my office in Richmond, California, they are able to work in a fairly--I am choosing my words here--aggressive regulatory atmosphere and still make a handsome profit and provide the product that we need.    Mr. Desaulnier. I do not think I could find a $450,000 home right now.    Mr. Desaulnier. I appreciate that having heard that argument in the air quality field for 20 years when it came to sulfur, lead, MTBE, but we were able to pass regulatory investments that the affected community came up to the standards, and we provided off ramps if they were not making it.    So, my question was we have had the more aggressive prevention at Cal/OSHA in place since 2008, and the industry has coped with it. Granted, they will have to come up to these higher standards in terms of the micrograms, but have you had any input from your members as to what a disadvantage that is? Honestly, I have not heard it, and it has been in place for 8 years.    Mr. Desaulnier. Appreciate that. I would love to have further discussion with you and OSHA in doing that. I just want to note that there are Canadian provinces that are actually at 25 micrograms, so we might look at that and see how cost-effective that has been as well. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.