    Ms. Pallante. I do.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you. Good morning. Vice Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Conyers, and Members of the Judiciary, it's a great honor to be appear before you again this morning to discuss the copyright law and copyright administration. I wish to thank this Committee for its work of the past 2 years. As I believe you know, the review process represents the most comprehensive focus on copyright issues in the United States in over four decades. I also want to thank the Committee's thoughtful policy and oversight counsel for the important and very helpful insights they have shared with my office in our work.    And I want to recognize my own staff for their dedication and enthusiasm at every turn, both in the complex portfolios that they carry and the numerous and respectful interactions that they have on a daily basis with so many stakeholders. The Committee's review process was designed to sort through the many competing equities that make up the public interest in the digital age. Balancing these equities is more challenging than ever before. But it is tremendously important. In fact, Congress has amended the Copyright Act multiple times since 1790, each time ensuring that it is strong, flexible, and consistent with our cherished principles of freedom of expression. These are the themes that have come through in abundance this time as well, both from Members of this Committee and the many talented witnesses, all 98 of them, that have appeared before the Committee.    Before turning to the issues, I would like to highlight some of the recent efforts of my office. In the past 4 years, in support of the Committee's work, we have published seven policy studies, and we have two forthcoming. With respect to Copyright Office technology, we completed and published a proactive report and recommendations on current challenges and goals, drawing on public inquiries, stakeholder meetings, and expert research. In the area of copyright administration, we published a major overhaul of the Compendium of Copyright Office Practices, the first one since 1988, setting forth new legal guidance in the area of registering digital authorship.    And, on the subject of document recordation, we released a major report assessing how the Office records copyright transactions for the public. This report is the foundation for transforming the database that we have from a paper-based process to an innovative and interoperable platform for the digital economy. In all of this work, we solicited the participation of the public, including scholars, librarians, public interest organizations, bar associations, and the content and technology sectors. I am grateful to these important communities for participating in our work and for providing critical legal and practical perspectives.    I have been especially inspired by the stories of authors across the country, many of whom took time to talk with me personally, including songwriters, recording artists, producers, photographers, graphic artists, book authors, dramatists, and independent filmmakers, all of whom want to be credited and compensated for their work. As Register, it has become clear to me that the intelligent and connected world we live in depends heavily upon the creativity and discipline of authors.    My staff and I have reviewed all of the witness testimony of the last 2 years and we've divided our recommendations into four categories: Eight issues that are ripe for legislative action if the Committee so chooses; four issues that require foundational analysis and public study to assist you; a number of issues that are not as urgent; and overarching matters related to the Copyright Office itself. These are all further highlighted in my 32-page written statement. But I will highlight just a few of them here.    Starting with the first category, if the Committee is prepared to act, it is in a strong position to develop or advance legislation now or in the very near feature in these areas: One, overhauling the music licensing provisions of the Copyright Act; two, codifying a resale royalty act for visual art; three, creating a tribunal for small copyright claims; four, enacting felony streaming provisions; five, updating the outdated exceptions that libraries, archives, and museums use; six, creating a framework to use orphan works; seven, updating the exceptions for persons who are blind or visually impaired; and, eight, shifting the regulatory presumption in the section 1201 rulemaking.    I will not go into detail about updating library exceptions or the exceptions for persons who are blind or visually impaired. But I will sum them up by saying that while some have opposed amending them because they would prefer to rely upon fair use, there is virtually no dispute that these sections are outdated to the point of being obsolete. Many individuals who need them do not have clear guidance about what they can and cannot copy, access, adapt, or share without permission. The provisions do not serve the public interest, and it is our view that it is untenable to leave them in their current state. We have studied them extensively, and we will be providing appropriate revisions to the Committee.    Likewise, it is clear that we have an orphan works problem and that most people want a framework that removes egregious damages for good-faith users but also establishes a reasonable payment mechanism for copyright owners who reappear. The Copyright Office has studied this issue for 10 years, and we will be releasing an updated proposal again soon.    Turning to music, we recently released a major study of the licensing landscape. Our music community is struggling, as the Committee knows, to apply outdated practices, many of which are government-mandated. We have proposed a series of balanced changes to promote more efficient licensing practices, greater parity among competing platforms, and fair compensation for creators, including greater latitude for rights holders to negotiate licenses in the free market. The groundwork has been laid for a follow-on process under the oversight of this Committee, and my office remains available to assist you.    With respect to small claims, we also believe the case has been made. In our 2013 report to the Committee, we noted the daunting challenges faced by copyright owners seeking to pursue small copyright claims through the Federal court process. And we recommended the creation of an alternative but voluntary tribunal for this purpose. Although modest in economic value, these claims are not small to the individual creators who are deprived of income or opportunities when their works are infringed.    Likewise, we think defendants should be able to raise appropriate defenses in the small claims context. I hope you will give serious consideration to our proposal.    And I want to discuss section 1201. This rulemaking is ripe for congressional attention and, in fact, is already receiving congressional attention. The anticircumvention provisions have played an important role in facilitating innovation and providing consumers with a wide range of content delivery options. At the same time, it has become obvious that the regulatory process can be burdensome for some proponents, especially when trying to renew the exemptions that we granted previously. We are therefore recommending a legislative change to provide a presumption in favor of renewal in cases where there is no opposition.    For other aspects of section 1201, we are recommending a comprehensive study, including the permanent exemptions for security, encryption, and privacy research. The rulemaking has always been a good barometer for public policy concerns. For example, in the 2010 rulemaking, my predecessor, Register Peters, observed that Congress did not anticipate the types of computer security concerns that have arisen since enactment of the DMCA and suggested that the 3-year exemption process is a poor substitute for what is needed in this area.    We are also recommending appropriate study of section 512 of the DMCA. These notice and take-down provisions were innovative in 1998, and they have largely served stakeholders well. But there are challenges now that warrant a granular review. Legitimate questions are coming from all quarters. However, a core question is how individual authors are faring under a system that requires sending notices of infringement over and over and over again without relief.    All other policy issues, those ripe for action and those ripe for study, are discussed at length in my written statement. However, I want to flag just two that we have reviewed extensively, the fair use doctrine and the ``making available'' right. In studying all the relevant scholarship, legislative history, and jurisprudence, we have concluded, as have others, that in each case, the best course of action would be to leave these provisions untouched.    I will end with Copyright Office modernization. We have greatly appreciated the Committee's deliberations and public discourse on this topic. We have worked to be transparent about systemic deficiencies and future expectations. It's an exciting opportunity to rethink the Copyright Office in the 21st Century. And at the request of Ranking Member Conyers, I have elaborated on these issues and my perspectives in a recent letter. I believe the Office requires more secure legal footing and greater operational independence in order to carry out its duties effectively and to reflect the incredible significance of the copyright system in the digital age. Thank you, Mr. Vice Chairman for the privilege of testifying.    Ms. Pallante. I'm all for that.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you, Mr. Marino. So I agree that the Copyright Office database is a key piece of the digital economy, and we have actually several databases that are not connected. So one thing we have to do is make sure that the registration database--that is, when people apply for registration and receive certificates--is connected to the recordation database, that reflects later transactions in the marketplace, including licensing of those works. And then that database, that chain of commerce needs to reflect metadata and connect to private sector databases where people can be found and licenses can happen.    So, in terms of resources, I would say two things: We should look at the fee schedule that we currently have, and we should figure out what, if anything, the Committee would like us to do in terms of charging for capital expenses. Right now, our statute allows us to charge for cost only, not future cost. That's something that has come up in our appropriations hearings. It's an interesting question. Obviously, it would have to be carefully calibrated to be reasonable. Beyond that, some degree of taxpayer support I think is important because I don't think you should put the database and the cost of the databases on the backs of copyright owners alone. So many user communities and aggregators also use--the general public uses the databases. So, that said, I think that the lion's share of it can be through fees.    Otherwise, I think in terms of technology, we have to have the ability to focus our own staff on our technological needs and not have what we need diluted through, perhaps, what the Library, as a bigger agency, needs. That's been a big problem for us.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. So it's a vestige of the relationship of the Copyright Office to the Library. And, in analog days, when one registered and provided a physical copy, the Library became the archive for that copy. Today, we don't need preservation-quality works to register them. We need a data-driven system where people can register on iPads and other mobile devices. So that is true.    Ms. Pallante. Are you talking about our database?    Ms. Pallante. So that has been pending for some time. We have a rudimentary version of it that has been in place since 1998, when the DMCA was enacted. Three years ago, we did a rulemaking and provided guidance as to how to update that so it's more interactive and interoperable. And, because our IT is managed by the Library of Congress, it is one of many projects still pending in that office.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you.    Ms. Pallante. That's an excellent question, Mr. Conyers. I think, ideally, you would do it in this Congress. And my reason for saying that is because----    Ms. Pallante . Because we have a situation where we need to map out the next decade really. And we either have to do that in the current structure, where, for example, we're making IT investments for the copyright system through the Library's central IT governance process, or we're doing it in a way that's more targeted to the copyright system. That's not theoretical. We actually have a recordation system that is paper-based. We've done all of the analysis for that. We're ready to bring it online, and we need to know whether we're doing that in our own IT infrastructure and subject to our own IT needs or through a general agency model. I also think that some of the policy issues that are interesting to this Committee--small claims, orphan works--would be greatly improved if you could structure the agency itself properly.    Ms. Pallante. So it's a big question, obviously. We've been in the same structure for--two big questions--we've been in the same structure for 118 years. We have been a department of the Library of Congress, so not a subagency, not an agency. During that time, we have served the Administration, and we have had a very close relationship with Congress on copyright policy, every major revision since we were created in 1897.    Interestingly, although we perform executive branch functions and serve Congress, our legal status is unclear. Recently, the Department of Justice, in a music case, in a CRB case, said that when the Library of Congress is performing copyright functions, it is clearly in the executive branch. What we are asking you to do is to codify the structure that we are all comfortable with and have known for over a century, which is an independent structure where we are impartially serving everybody. In that model, the President would appoint the next Register, the Senate would confirm the position, but the Congress would decide the term, and the person would be free to advise Congress as well as the Administration, without interference, in the way that it always has worked. It doesn't disrupt the Administration or their IP experts but, in fact, confirms the coordinating role that now occurs.    In terms of funding, we are two-thirds fee-funded right now. As I said, we might be able to look at charging for capital costs. Big copyright owners, large ones, have indicated they're willing to do that if they get services back that reflect that investment. But, no doubt, there will be some capital improvements. What I would suggest is that those capital improvements are a great investment in the digital economy, though.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    Ms. Pallante. Well, we would love to be able to be more hands-on and help the copyright system function. So that is the vision that I think----    Ms. Pallante. Thank you, Mr. Issa. We have proposed recommendations for technology infrastructure and technology recommendations that are fairly precise. Those were done with the full public participation of the copyright community. And we published that in February. And that was also referenced by the GAO recently. So I think we have been fairly proactive about saying what we need. We need our own technology enterprise architecture, distinct from the Library. We need our own technology infrastructure, our own technology staff. And we need to make sure we have targeted IT investments that are not synergized with the Library mission. So we have been actually very precise about that.    In terms of fees, we have been very precise that we need an updated fee allocation so we can begin to charge for capital costs.    In terms of authority, I am not the chief executive of the agency. I'm the head of a department which is run by the Librarian of Congress. So the question, I think, that we are asking you is: Do you want us to put further investments in that structure, or do you want to give us the authority legally to do something different?    Ms. Pallante. Almost. What I'm saying is that we don't have the authority to have our own IT staff or control.    Ms. Pallante. I would love to----    Ms. Pallante. It does not. And we do not have the authority to duplicate it.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. Except I would say this. That the IT system being divorced from the head of the Copyright Office has been a terrible model.    Ms. Pallante. Correct.    Ms. Pallante. I think that's accurate.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you, Mr. Nadler. I think that the Fair Play Fair Pay Act is an excellent legislative framework. It reflects a lot of the findings of our study. On the public performance right for terrestrial radio, in particular, which I understand to be the focus of your question, I'll say this, it's indefensible as a matter of law and, frankly, embarrassing as a matter of policy that the United States does not pay public performance--for the public performance of terrestrial radio to the creators of the music. We are out of step with the entire rest of the world.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. That was one of the major conclusions of our study. I think it was a conclusion that everybody knew was a long time coming. We have been regulating the music industry for a century. We, therefore, have all these disparate rates and grandfathered clauses that are really, really difficult to apply, do not serve the digital economy, do not serve new entrants to the digital marketplace, definitely do not serve creators. And beginning to look at parity across platforms is a crucial first step.    Ms. Pallante. Toward a balanced music bill that reflects the 21st century.    Ms. Pallante. I think it's an excellent foundation. And we really enjoyed doing that study because we, again, are out of step with about 70 countries around the world in the way that we treat visual artists. They operate differently under the Copyright Act from others in that their works are unique. And the value of their works is tied to the uniqueness, not the proliferation of copies, as in a book or a film where you're pricing it according to those copies. So we would really like to see visual artists generally fare better under the Copyright Act because their contributions are critical to our heritage and to the digital economy. We just recently issued a Federal Register notice asking for even more information about how photographers, graphic artists, and illustrators are faring under the Copyright Act as a follow-on process to your request for that study.    Ms. Pallante. Yes, so, again, another major focus of our public process was data. Data is everything to the digital music marketplace. In some instances, there is data. And, in some instances, there is a lack of coordination of data. In other words, sometimes there's data missing. Sometimes it's the coordination of existing data that's the problem. So we proposed a central authoritative public database. We recommended that it be operated by a nonprofit entity that is government mandated, along the lines of SoundExchange. Licensees could pay royalties for the unidentified works into that entity, and that would solve their exposure to liability.    Ms. Pallante. The goal is most definitely ultimately the free market. I would completely agree with you on that. What we did was take a century-old regulatory process and try to move it in that direction incrementally but also progressively. So if you want to completely dismantle all regulation, many people would be very supportive of that. I think our concern would be the timetable for doing that and how small actors would fare without the regulatory protections that have served them and consumers fairly well.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. There is no question that copyright law touches everybody, everybody in a modern culture, in a modern nation, in modern global world. And it's unlike other laws in that respect. It affects everybody. So that is something that our Office would presumably be able to help the Congress with by taking on more of the education and guidance role.    Ms. Pallante. Everybody is right. I think our remedies are critical to the functioning of the Copyright Act. You can't have exclusive right, a system based on exclusive rights without meaningful remedies. They would be hollow without remedies. Can we provide more guidance to courts? Possibly. Can we make licensing work better so that we're not in litigation and so that remedies play a more productive role rather than a hammer? Yes. But whether it's actual damages, injunctions, or statutory damages, they have been with the Copyright Act since 1790 in some instances. So it's very, very, I would be very, very careful about amending that quickly.    Ms. Pallante. This is a great instance of our Copyright Act intersecting with what our consumers want. And we do live in a global marketplace. People do want to obtain the best prices and the best goods. There is a lot to be said for that model. And I think our stakeholders who are copyright owners are adapting to that. So I would probably monitor that situation at this point. I don't see a need for congressional legislation, anyway, at this point.    Ms. Pallante. I do not believe that the way you enacted the statute, that chapter 12 is subject to section 107. It is not part of the core Copyright Act. So, no, not legally.    Ms. Pallante. I would really want to talk to experts in that area before commenting on that.    What I can say with confidence is that having cybersecurity research needs subject to a 3-year exemption process under the DMCA conducted by the Copyright Office and the Library is probably not the best way to go for the Nation.    Ms. Pallante. Nobody has asked us to look at the exception, but we would like to do that. And it would be an interesting group because it would be very much in need of technical experts and security experts and people who are really looking out for the security interests of the United States.    Mr. Chair, thank you for holding this important hearing today. After speaking with so many diverse stakeholders from the Los Angeles region and throughout the country, it's clear to me that we have to bring the Copyright Office into the modern age. We need a Copyright Office that serves the needs of owners, users, and the American public. And that includes giving the Office independence and sound legal ground to perform its core mission to administer the Copyright Act and resources to invest in a workable IT infrastructure that makes sense for a creative future. I look forward to working with you, my colleagues, on the Committee, the Register, and the impacted stakeholders to produce a viable solution.    Register Pallante, you and your team have done such a great job despite the challenges you faced from limited resources, staffing issues, to outdated technologies. It seems to me that you're faced with the challenge of running an analog office in a 21st century world. In addition to this, you're limited in your decisionmaking, given how the Office is currently structured under the Library of Congress.    When Professor Brauneis last testified in the Committee, he urged Congress to give serious thought to the vehicle of an independent agency.    What are your thoughts to creating an independent agency instead of placing the Copyright Office within the Department of Commerce or the Patent and Trademark Office?    Ms. Pallante. Thank you, Dr. Chu, for the questions, and thank you for recognizing my staff as well. I don't know how I'm so lucky to have the staff that I do.    I think that those questions go right to the heart of what copyright is about. So if the Office is in the Commerce Department, it clarifies a few things. It clarifies what the Department of Justice has said is the case, which is namely that we are by and large an executive branch agency when we are performing copyright functions. And since all we do in my shop in the Library is copyright functions, it's clear that we are the part of the Library that is engaged in executive branch functions.    So the question becomes, does it matter? And what does that mean for the Library, and what would one lose if we were in the Commerce Department?    I think the principal thing that you lose as the Congress is the unfettered and impartial advice of the Copyright Office, which you have had since 1897. I think this Congress and all Congresses before it have been very hands-on in copyright policy. The House in particular has led the way in discussions about what a balanced Copyright Act should look like from the very beginning. And I personally would be heartbroken to see that part of our job compromised, diluted, or even eliminated by putting us only in the executive branch.    That led us to the conclusion that an independent model would really honor what we have always been, and that means that we have served Congress impartially, and we have also, though, supported the Administration. In treaties, in trade, we work with the Department of Justice very carefully because we administer the law. And we didn't want to disrupt what's already the case in the Administration, meaning that the Congress has provided that the Register has a statutory relationship with the Under Secretary, who heads the Patent and Trademark Office, and a statutory relationship with the IPEC, that is in the Executive Office of the President. The only issue is that the Register is not at the same level and runs the copyright system and the Copyright Office. So, in looking at potential conflicts with the Library, because the Library has a library mission and a library view of copyright law, in the future and looking at the kinds of resources and focused technology and staffing that we need, it led us to believe that separating it out but honoring the tradition as leanly as possible was the right answer.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. Thank you.    So this Committee requested a report from us, and we did a very public study for over 2 years about what a small claims process could look like. The overwhelming response of the creative community is that they are priced out of Federal court, even where statutory damages are available. And, without meaningful enforcement or resolution of contractual issues in cases, not necessarily full-blown major precedent-setting litigation, but just trying to resolve gridlock and claims, they need something else. And the small claims process that we developed constitutionally would have to be voluntary. Both parties would have to agree to it. We think both parties would in the circumstances that we've laid out. It would be capped at $30,000. That's certainly up to the Committee to change or amend or further deliberate on. We thought that number came out of our process. And we think it's critical because we don't want a Copyright Act in the 21st century that provides exclusive rights and no way to effectively enforce them, license them, protect them, and monetize them.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you. Thank you so much.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you. Thank you for your kind words about the Office.    I think you have a big opportunity here to be innovative and create something that you haven't really had before in the Federal Government. So small, nimble, innovative, forward-thinking, flexible agency. Independent, in so that it can serve the Congress as well as the Administration, protecting the impartial role that we've always had. To do that, I have said that we need to have a staff that is probably more and more data- and tech-driven. Right now I have created a CIO position. I did that last year and hired a deputy as well to begin to do more planning and take more direct responsibility.    What I think you need to know is that when the GAO came in and audited the Library's IT and they found severe deficiencies--it's a public report--that was not unknown to us. A lot of people knew about it. But, unfortunately, I think in making the 39 recommendations to the Library that they made, they also said you shouldn't have multiple CIOs in one agency. You shouldn't have multiple tech staff in one agency. And, although they didn't say it that precisely, it's very clear from reading the report that that's their recommendation.    What I said is: It hasn't worked. We've been in the Library's IT system for quite some time. We are not a primary customer. The Library's mission is their first and foremost mission, and I think it should be. But it makes it impossible for me to move forward if the steps I've taken to develop a small IT staff with hopes of building out a better one--and the IT staff includes data people, which are really business people. So what kind of metadata are they using in the music community? And these are our customers. It's hard for me to build that out if we're getting the opposite suggestion from auditors.    And, to be fair to the Library, they're in a difficult position because they're being told from me that's not going to work and from the auditors that that's what they should do. So that's why I asked this Committee to please weigh in on it.    Ms. Pallante. It's a great question. I've thought about this a lot and I've talked to the stakeholders about this. I hope this isn't too simplistic. I would hope the Committee would do what it thinks is right for the copyright system by elevating it appropriately to reflect the significance of the system so that it's no longer just a department in the Library.    And then I would suggest that you have an effective date that allows you a transition plan to figure out what part of the budget should come from fees, what the 3- to 5-year costs are, what the long-term costs are. And I think it's an exciting situation because I think in a modern government you should expect a lean, small agency to borrow and purchase services from across the government. Like, the Office doesn't need to have its own HR department. It doesn't necessarily need to create data standards from thin air. So I think it could go actually fairly innovatively because our customers are in that space now.    Ms. Pallante. Well, almost always our Office finds the right balance in these discussions because almost always everybody has a legitimate point of view. I have to say, our Office has been looking at the public performance right for over 20 years, and it is an example of an issue where we are just on the wrong side. We are out of step with virtually every industrial country in the world, and it is, as I said earlier to Mr. Nadler, it's just frankly indefensible as a matter of policy that we are not paying creators when their songs are played on radio. They're subsidizing the profits of broadcasters in that particular issue. There are plenty of issues where broadcasters have legitimate rights and they should be looked at, but that is not one I agree with them on.    Ms. Pallante. I do. And I think what we're suggesting in our report is that we move toward the free market and we not subsidize or grandfather in oddities that are a reflection of a century-old system that's been cobbled together.    Ms. Pallante. We do.    Ms. Pallante. Yes, in fact, and I remember that exchange. In fact, that's been the most inspiring part of the work for me for the last 2 years. I have met with recording artists across the country in multiple cities, and to the Recording Academy's credit, they did not filter or script those meetings. I think there was some squirming at times, but it was a very inspiring set of meetings because I was really hearing from creators about why they make the livings they make, why they care about culture, why they care about creativity; how incredibly disciplined they are and trained in their various disciplines; and how they really just want to make sure that they are credited and compensated fairly.    Ms. Pallante. I agree with you.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you.    Ms. Pallante. I do. It's a great framework. It reflects everything we said in our report on those issues. What we provided you with is a bigger ecosystem with more issues. We gave you all the music issues in one bundle.    Ms. Pallante. We thought that would be more fun for you. We obviously defer to you. If you want to pull out some issues that are more ripe than others.    Ms. Pallante. I'm sorry. One more time.    Ms. Pallante. Oh, we are already torturing our music community, right, on music issues. So I don't know if your question's broader than music, but in that space alone----    Ms. Pallante. So, in general, the fundamental principles of the Copyright Act are strong. We have a duty to protect exclusive rights, provide flexible exceptions, but limited, and to provide meaningful enforcement. So many of the provisions that we have now are from the analog world or older, from the turn of the century. And we're trying to reinforce the incredible creative output of the United States. And to do that, we owe all creators, all investors in the marketplace and the public a strong Copyright Act.    Ms. Pallante. There's no question.    Ms. Pallante. Absolutely. My whole staff does.    Ms. Pallante. Yeah. It's a very interesting constitutional question. So, legally, there are potentials for conflict all the time. The Library has a library mission. The Librarian's being asked to oversee two very different missions at the same time. There's an accountability question. The Librarian is appointed by the President and, therefore, can appoint inferior officers like the Register. That's the legal accountability.    But the practical accountability is that Librarians serve multiple Presidents generally, and so the accountability as a practical matter is less clear. After the--there was a case where the Department of Justice basically said you are in the executive branch, not the legislative branch, which opens the door for us not to be able to serve Congress the way we have in the past. So that's why we're asking for a secure legal footing.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you, Congresswoman Jackson Lee.    I think we should be lean and innovative, and I think when we add staff, they should be the kind of staff that can take us into the 21st century. That said, we've lost over 100 people since 2007, and we only--you know, we have under 400 FTEs filled now. That's just way too small to do the kind of complex work that we do, and it's much smaller than the staff that previous Copyright Offices had when they were doing less complex things. So, while I think we should stay small, I think we are cut to the bone at the moment.    One thing that has been rather frustrating for me is that in my conversations with the community, the tech sector, and the content industry, it became clear that we should have more hands-on technology expertise. So I took the step of hiring the first Copyright Office CIO, chief technologist, and filled that position last year, and then hired a deputy as well for the purpose of figuring out what our infrastructure should be, what our databases should look like, what our enterprise architecture should be, and then to build out the kind of staff that we need slowly, but using our budget allocations.    What was frustrating for me is that because best practices in the Federal Government generally avoid duplication, when the Government Accountability Office audited the Library and made its 39 recommendations about how to fix that very severely deficient system, one of the things they said was that there shouldn't be multiple CIOs. There shouldn't be duplications of staff. So I am really caught in a bind on this, and I really am asking the Committee to help because I frankly think it's ludicrous that the Copyright Office wouldn't have data experts and IT staff.    Ms. Pallante. Yes.    Ms. Pallante. Thank you so much for the question. That is exactly the crossroads that we find ourselves at. How do we build out the tech-savvy office that actually not just serves the digital economy but interacts with it in a way that facilitates it? So when people are submitting to us for registration digital works, they want them to be secure. They want them to be effective for registration purposes. And they want the technology to accept the data that they're sending us and the files, not to not recognize it because we're using antiquated technology. I don't think that's too much to ask when people are seeking legal protection and, hence, remedies.    They then want the chain of commerce to reflect the entire copyright transaction. So people register with us, and then later they might license their works. And then we record those licenses, and the metadata should be the same global identifying information that is used in the private sector. That is exactly the vision that you should expect for the 21st century Copyright Office.    And as to cost, we, as I said, are two-thirds fee-funded now, but that is because we are also intertwined in the Library's IT. That could be viewed as a subsidy. My argument would be that that is not a subsidy that is working for the copyright community. And so, as we look at the proper ratio of taxpayer investment and fees, we should go back to what you just said and think about what it takes to invest in the economic engine that is the Copyright Act for this country.    Ms. Pallante. Yeah. I think it's essential because if you don't have that directive, you have an agency that is being required to find synergies even though the missions are different and to use IT investments for multiple competing purposes. And even in the system we have now where people are paying us for services, nonetheless the money needs to be allocated in this kind of central IT environment, and it hasn't worked, and I hope that the Library makes all the improvements it needs to make for the national Library, but I don't think it's fair or logical to ask the Copyright Office to wait until that happens and then to expect that it will work.    Ms. Pallante. Strong copyright protections in the TPP? Should we have strong copyright protections in the TPP?    Ms. Pallante. We should most certainly have strong copyright protections as negotiating goals of the TPP.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. You are our oversight Committee. We need you to direct us.    Ms. Pallante. That's correct.    Ms. Pallante. Yes.    Ms. Pallante. Yes.    Ms. Pallante. Serve at the pleasure of the Librarian. The Librarian has the power to appoint and remove the Register and the entire Copyright Office staff, actually.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. So that's a great granular question. My understanding is that in order to make it an independent agency, which is a way of saying that you are preserving the role that the agency would play with Congress, because if the agency is in the executive branch fully, completely, it will be subject to the normal clearances of executive branch agencies when it speaks to Congress. So, in order to preserve that 118-year tradition, the President would appoint the Register or the director, the Senate would confirm the position, that's the accountability that you need because the system is so important. But, by Congress setting a fixed term, Congress is saying you're not serving at the pleasure of the President completely. You're serving subject to a term that Congress has enacted. That's point number one to make it independent.    Point number two is that you would specify that that agency, when called by Congress, will speak impartially and freely.    And, thirdly, you will decide what the regulatory powers of that agency are. Could just be registration, recordation, statutory licenses. It could be small claims. You could add things over time, but it's completely in your discretion.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. And, you know, you didn't have a Copyright Office the entire time, but you have had one since 1897, and copyright policy has always been very hands on in Congress. It has the only position in the government that allows the kind of balancing of equities that is essential to a good Copyright Act. The Supreme Court has affirmed this multiple times that it is in Congress' power to do that and to decide the overall regime. So I would be personally quite heartbroken to see that dissipated. I think it served the Nation well, and I think that an agency that continues to serve Congress but also continues to interact in a coordinated manner with the Administration is a great model for the 21st century.    Ms. Pallante. I think it's crucial. So you have never had a Register tell appropriators directly and freely what the Office needs because that's not how budgets work in the Federal Government. You wouldn't have it in the Commerce Department either. What you will always have, unless you give budget autonomy, meaning that the head of the Office can tell the appropriators what the needs are and then have a direct conversation. If you don't have that, you will always have Copyright Office needs being weighed along things that are not about the Copyright Office.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. So we thought those provisions in the Songwriter Equity Act were right on the money. I think we have talked extensively today about why a willing buyer/willing seller is the right move toward the free market. A better reflection of it than a regulated rate, but the issue about what the courts are allowed to consider is a crucial one, and we are fully supportive of changing that.    Ms. Pallante. Is that right?