    Dr. Atwater. Okay. Mr. Chairman, distinguished Members, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to be here today to tell you about the work, the mission and the progress the Joint Center for Artificial Photosynthesis.    So I think it's fair to say that having a source of renewable fuels would be a great source of energy security, economic well-being, and environmental protection for the United States, and JCAP, which is a partnership that's led by Cal Tech, but also with major partnerships with the national labs, Lawrence Berkeley National Labs and Stanford Linear Accelerator Lab, as well as the University of California, is focusing on building the scientific foundation for renewable synthesis of transportation fuels directly from sunlight, water and carbon dioxide using a process called artificial photosynthesis, or otherwise known as generating fuels from sunlight.    So most people are familiar with the idea of generating electricity from sunlight with solar panels that you might put on your roof, so what JCAP is working on is the science behind taking those charge carriers and directly converting those charge carriers that come out of your solar panel into chemical fuels, examples of which are hydrogen, which is generated by splitting water into hydrogen and oxygen, and generating renewable carbon-based fuels by reduction of carbon dioxide. And JCAP was established in 2010, and during its first five years had a primary emphasis on hydrogen production, and its missionary objective, a sort of overarching missionary objective during that time was to develop a robust solar fuel generator for hydrogen generation that operates 10 times more efficiently than natural systems like plants and crops. And I'm happy to say that JCAP has been able to meet that objective of developing a robust solar fuels generator, and more importantly, really developing the concept of what a solar fuels generator is. That's been an important contribution to the scientific field and to the advancement of technology.    In its next five years in renewal, JCAP is going to focus on the--as a main objective, reduction of CO<INF>2</INF> and converting reduction of CO<INF>2</INF> to transportation fuels, direct transportation fuels, and this is really also in addition to a strategic objective for making fuels, it is really a dramatic scientific grand challenge, the reduction of CO<INF>2</INF> selectively, producing exactly one product and not a bunch of byproducts is a true scientific grand challenge.    So to date, we have, as I indicated, been able to develop solar fuels generators that operate 10 times more efficiently than plants, and that has really set the stage for a follow-on generation of applied R&D that can develop the scalable generators, and as you may know, there is no existing solar fuels industry. While there's a solar panel industry, there is no solar fuels industry, so it is these innovations that will really set the stage for U.S. industry, a new U.S. industry in this area.    And in the course of its work in generating solar fuels generators, JCAP also discovered new catalysts for water oxidation and reduction, importantly, a method to protect semiconductors against corrosion so they can be long-lasting and robust in their operation.    In addition to these scientific discoveries, JCAP established a number of important facilities including two state-of-the-art labs, one at California Institute of Technology and once at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory that are purpose-built for solar fuels research. It established new methods for rapid high-throughput screening of materials so we can do experiments that used to take years in matters of weeks. We developed the first facility for so-called benchmarking, or developing standard test conditions for evaluating catalysts so that we can understand how different solar fuels materials operator and perform. We developed new methods for characterization of solar fuels materials using advanced X-ray light source techniques at the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley labs and Stanford Linear Accelerator Lab.    Also, to set the stage for a new solar fuels industry, JCAP has been very active in developing invention disclosures, a total of 36 invention disclosures, and 26 patent applications, which are available for licensing to industry, and has an output of scientific results, 200 papers, 60 percent of which are in high-impact journals and numerous key note and invited presentations by research scientists at JCAP.    And so just to highlight some of the things that, you know, why is it that a Hub is an appropriate mechanism to carry on and accelerate this kind of research, JCAP has been able to leverage the integrated Hub concept to make significant advances, one of which I cited earlier, which is the notion that we could accelerate the development of catalyst materials on a time scale that normally takes years in the sort of conventional pace of progress in science, and carry out that in a matter of weeks, and so as an example, in 2013, JCAP developed by a collaboration between two of the JCAP projects, the high throughput experiment project and the heterogeneous catalysis project, new catalyst materials composed of four elements, and there are many, many ways you can combine four elements together in different compositions, so a very large number of samples were made and rapidly screened using high-throughput combinatorial synthesis techniques that allowed us to very rapidly identify candidates and promising candidates were scaled up and tested at the laboratory level, really accelerating that pace of progress.    Another example is the development of a cross-cutting what we call process materials and integration team, a group of applied and basic research scientists that came together from across JCAP to really understand how to put together and design and build very rapidly solar fuels generator prototypes so we could understand what works and what doesn't on a rapid time scale.    So those are many of the key accomplishments, and so for the future, JCAP is going to focus on the grand challenge of--scientific grand challenge of reduction of carbon dioxide in generation of liquid fuels directly from the products, reduced products. This is an area that takes JCAP, which has a translational mission, sort of more upstream in the basic research end, because in the area of carbon dioxide reduction, there are many more scientific challenges and unanswered questions than I think currently exist for the case of hydrogen production. And so it's the opportunity to really unlock the mechanisms and the scientific discoveries that could selectively reduce CO<INF>2</INF> to fuel products that could generate a new generation of generators for liquid fuels, and that's going to be our missionary objective as a scientific grand challenge and setting the stage for a new type of solar fuel generator.    Dr. Atwater. That's right, yeah.    Dr. Atwater. Well, so ethanol is an example of a chemical fuel. It's a liquid fuel that's suitable as a liquid fuel, and that is indeed what--ethanol is normally produced by, for example, fermentation of feedstocks from crops and plants and so forth, and that's a process that is established but it's limited by the efficiency of natural photosynthesis. So what artificial photosynthesis or fuels from sunlight as the--in the research objectives at JCAP is focused on the same process of chemical fuel production but with a much higher efficiency. So the efficiency potential for fuel production rivals that of the efficiency potential for photovoltaic systems. For example, if you put solar panels on your rooftop, you can expect that the solar panels will operate with an efficiency for electricity production of something like 20 percent of the total sunlight falling on your rooftop. For example, natural photosynthesis is less than one percent efficient for most plants and photosynthetic organisms. So there's a big gap there. And so JCAP is working to develop processes that can make fuels very selectively. We want to make one fuel, say, ethanol or methanol or hydrogen, and not a bunch of byproducts. Nature does this, of course, very well. But nature's not particular efficient. And so to make an economical source of fuel generation that can generate and foster a new industry focused on efficiency, and like the nuclear Hub, I would mention we're focused on reliability because if you think about the return on investment for any solar panel that you would put on your roof, it has to last for a long time. It has to last for 20 or 30 years in order to get that return on investment. Similarly, we want to make devices that are robust and reliable and that last for a long time.    Dr. Atwater. Yeah. In JCAP, we have a very sharply focused research program that's focused on chemical catalytic processes and physical processes for the charge generation. So we're using actually for the source of energy generation semiconductors very much like the semiconductors that are used in solar panels to generate electricity. But the charge carriers are then driven to chemical catalysts, not biological, so we're working on non-biological routes, and as I indicated, we've already been able to achieve efficiencies for hydrogen production that are of the order of ten percent and 10 times greater--more than ten times greater than that for natural photosynthetic processes.    Dr. Atwater. That's right.    Dr. Atwater. That's right.    Dr. Atwater. That's right, exactly, so the grand challenge is under mild chemical conditions very much like the way a solar panel would operate, can we generate directly a chemical fuel without having to build another large plant to do the downstream distillation and refinement.    Dr. Atwater. So we have done--the best way to answer that is to look at the record of an industry, and we don't have an existing solar field industry. However, JCAP has done some studies of the scalability. So what would it look like and what would be the key drivers for improved efficiency and cost reduction if you were to build, say, a 1-gigawatt-scale plant. That's a very large-scale plant. For example, a conventional power reactor would be of the order of hundreds of megawatts to a gigawatt. And what you see is that the primary drivers of the cost and the economic return are the efficiency and the durability of the solar fuel generator itself. It's not the tanking and the piping and other infrastructure.    So the preliminary analysis shows that, you know, the investments that we're making in the research on the technology advancement itself are key drivers. So to answer your question directly, it looks like there's not a big sensitivity to scale.    Dr. Atwater. Yeah, that's a very interesting question. The wonderful thing about nature is that it's regenerative, you know, in our bodies and in plants and so forth, cells are regenerated, and the typical photosynthetic organisms only last for, you know, minutes to hours before they die and then nature has the benefit of regeneration. So we've really focused in our effort on non-biological routes because we want to make--because we know that we want to make things that last for tens of years. So JCAP really is focused on chemical and physical processes, which we think, you know, demonstrated by, you know, the record of durability of conventional solar photovoltaic panels that have the prospect of being durable for a very long time without regeneration.    Dr. Atwater. Yeah, that's good----    Dr. Atwater. Thank you for your question, Mr. Lipinski. So we actually have Dr. Jay Keasling, who's the Director of JBEI, as a member of our board of governors and so there's close coupling and communication between JBEI and JCAP. JBEI takes a focus on using alternatives to the traditional biofuels feedstocks to generate a new generation of biofuels. As I was alluding to in my response to Mr. Grayson, JCAP's focus is on using physics and chemistry to achieve the same outcomes as natural photosynthesis using artificial photosynthesis with greater--such that the generator has greater durability and greater efficiency, so that's the primary distinction between the two.    Dr. Atwater. Yeah, let me just respond to your comment, and thanks very much for your insightful question. So JCAP I would say has--if you think about spanning the spectrum from fundamental research to deployment and development and scale-up sort of furthest upstream and has activities that start on the basic research but do in fact span all the way through applied research, and we provide the insights that create the deployment decisions that have yet to be made as we operate in an environment where there is no existing industry.    But I did want to say that the progress that we've made in defining just the basic question of what does a solar fuel generator look like. We have a now well-defined model concept of what a generator is. It has a cathode and an anode, very much like a fuel cell or a battery. It has an electrolyte. It has various components that five years ago before an integrated team of scientists and engineers came together from across the applied and basic research spectrum really didn't exist, and it's that collective synthesis of ideas and then execution of potential prototypes that led to the concepts of the solar fuels generator. So while we don't address through applied research and development yet an existing industry, the acceleration of progress that we've made actually depended on the interaction with applied researchers as well.