    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Congressman Fattah and Members of the subcommittee, and thank you for inviting me to testify today and thank you for your strong bipartisan support for my office.    In these tight budget times, making sure that department programs are operating effectively and efficiently is critical and I am proud of the outstanding value that the OIG at the Justice Department continues to deliver to the taxpayers.    In fiscal year 2014, the OIG identified over $23 million in questioned costs and nearly $1.3 million in taxpayer funds that could be put to better use by the department.    And our criminal, civil, and administrative investigations resulted in the imposition or identification of almost $7 million in fines, restitutions, recoveries, and other monetary results.    These savings, however, do not take into account some of the most significant reviews that we have done which cannot be translated into quantifiable dollar figures but which address fundamental issues that the Justice Department touches involving national security, civil liberties, safety and security of federal prisons, effectiveness of department programs, and the conduct of department employees.    Our ongoing work includes reviews of the department's asset seizure activities, ATF's oversight of its storefront operations, the FBI's use of bulk telephony metadata obtained under Section 215 of the Patriot Act, the department's use of drones, the impact of the BOP's aging prison population, the department's use of pretrial diversion programs, and the BOP's management of its private contract facilities.    Our fiscal year 2016 budget seeks funding at a level of $93.7 million which includes a requested increase of $2.9 million to expand our oversight of contracting by the department.    Contract spending at the department has grown substantially over the years and is now approximately $7 billion, about 25 percent of the department's budget. The requested program increase will allow our office to support an additional ten FTEs in our audit division and five FTEs in our investigations division, thereby enhancing our ability to audit more complex and higher risk contracts.    In the past, much of the OIG's external audit work has focused on grants which at the time far exceeded contract spending. While grant spending remains substantial, about $2.3 billion last year, the amount spent on contracts, as I mentioned, is now far greater.    Given these figures, it is critical for our office to develop the same kind of deep expertise and experience in contract management that we have in the grant fraud area.    Over the past five fiscal years, we have issued over 200 grant-related audit reports containing over 1,000 recommendations and over $100 million in dollar-related findings.    In addition over the last five years, we have opened over a hundred grant-related investigations resulting in 19 convictions and over $5.8 million in fines, restitutions, and recoveries.    While I could change the focus of these auditors and agents from grant work to contract work, given the continuing grant management risks we are finding, our commitment to grant oversight needs to remain at its current level.    This is the first program enhancement request that I have made since becoming inspector general and as someone whose primary responsibility is to be a strong steward of the public's money, I recognize the significance of the request and make it only after undertaking careful planning and evaluation of our needs.    I do so because adding these positions in our field offices around the country would allow us to address potential procurement waste, fraud, and abuse, and I am confident it will produce stronger returns for the taxpayers.    Let me mention the top challenges that we have identified recently as we are required to do each year at the Department of Justice for the coming fiscal year.    We have identified seven major challenges in our recent report. First the department needs to address the persistent crisis in the federal prison system; second, safeguarding national security consistent with civil rights and civil liberties; third, enhancing cyber security in an era of ever-increasing threats; four, effectively implementing performance-based management; five, upholding the highest standards of integrity and public service; six, ensuring effective and efficient oversight of law enforcement programs; and, seven, protecting taxpayer funds from mismanagement and misuse.    I have outlined those in greater details in my testimony and I look forward to speaking about them today at the hearing.    Let me conclude by briefly addressing the continuing challenges we face in getting access to information in the department's possession. Unfortunately, I sound like a broken record on this issue, but it is a matter that is not resolved yet and it is an issue of utmost importance to us.    And the IG Act Congress passed could not be clearer. Inspectors general are entitled to complete, timely, and unfiltered access to all documents and records within an agency's possession. Delaying access imperils an IG's independence, impairs our ability to provide effective and independent oversight that saves taxpayers money and improves the government's operation and erodes the morale of the dedicated professionals that make up our staff.    My office knows these problems all too well. In particular, the FBI continues to take the position it first raised in 2010 that the IG Act does not entitle the OIG to certain records in its possession.    In May 2014, the department's leadership asked the Office of Legal Counsel to issue an opinion to try and resolve the objections raised by the FBI. Nine months later, we are still waiting for that opinion.    I cannot emphasize enough how important it is that the OLC issue its opinion promptly because the existing procedures at the department assume the correctness of the FBI's legal position which thereby undermines our independence and impairs the timeliness of our reviews. The status quo simply cannot continue indefinitely.    We appreciate the strong bipartisan support from the subcommittee and the Congress, in particular the inclusion by the subcommittee of Section 218 in last year's Appropriations Act to try and resolve these issues.    While the law only recently went into effect, it has had a positive effect with several department components. However, the FBI is repeatedly failing to comply with Section 218 because it continues to maintain that the IG Act does not authorize OIG access to certain records in the FBI's possession.    As a result, the FBI is continuing its costly, wasteful, and time-consuming process of reviewing documents that are responsive to our requests in order to determine whether they need to withhold them from us only to then go to the attorney general or the deputy attorney general for permission to give them to us.    On February 3rd, February 19, and again this morning, we have reported to Congress as provided in Section 218 about failures by the FBI to provide us with documents in a timely fashion with regard to several ongoing reviews.    As I said, it is time to resolve the legal dispute. The FBI's failure to comply with a bipartisan appropriations law coupled with the department's seeming lack of urgency in issuing an OLC opinion that would resolve this dispute is seriously impacting our ability to conduct oversight. Every day this continues, taxpayer funds are being needlessly wasted. I looked forward to continuing to work with the subcommittee to try and resolve this matter promptly.    Thank you again for your critical support for our work which has enabled us to conduct the kind of aggressive and thorough oversight that is expected of us and to root out waste, fraud, abuse, and mismanagement. I look forward to answering your questions today.    Mr. Horowitz. Correct.    Mr. Horowitz. We have the most----    Mr. Horowitz. And with overseeing the FBI, we have done Patriot Act reviews, FISA reviews. We have Post 9/11. We have the Hanssen matter, the spy matter. We have got some of the most sensitive material available and we have been given that prior to 2010 with no issues.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Correct.    Mr. Horowitz. And it is standard operating procedure. We have raised the question and said if you have any concerns with how we have handled it, tell us. That is not the issue. We have never been----    Mr. Horowitz. Never had a breach.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah. It is interesting. So my issue, the statutes that they are citing were enacted before the IG Act. So the IG Act came and said you get everything. That came afterwards. The Peace Corps IG is having the same problem. Their general counsel is claiming a law passed by Congress two years ago did not override the IG Act. So we are getting on statutes that happened before the IG Act.    Mr. Horowitz. She is getting it on issues that happened after the IG Act was passed.    Mr. Horowitz. Exactly.    Mr. Horowitz. And I have made clear at this point, I will take any opinion from the Office of Legal Counsel because, frankly, even if a bad opinion, I am confident Congress will quickly fix the statute.    But what we are all operating under right now is a belief in the IG community and from every Member of Congress I have spoken to and testified before that the IG Act should apply. So we need that decision to fix the statute if that is what the department thinks. And obviously a good decision that applies to the law as we think it is would resolve it as well.    Mr. Horowitz. It is precisely what you indicated, Mr. Chairman. We have got grand jury information prior to 2010, we were given similar information.    In fact, there are two federal district court opinions from two judges in the western district of Oklahoma from 1998 and 1999 on the Justice Department's motion that found we were entitled to access grand jury information.    So I am, frankly, not sure why anyone at OLC would overrule two Article 3 federal judges who have decided that issue already.    Fair Credit Reporting Act, we are looking at the national security letter reviews by the FBI. At the start of our review before 2010, we got the information. After 2010, all of a sudden, we could not get the information.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. That is exactly right. It is a clear waste of money to have to review these documents, ultimately go to the AG or deputy to give them to us. I will add, though, it does, and the AG has been supportive, the DAG has been supportive, but it then relies on us to get their approval. And clearly that is inconsistent with the--no matter how good their intentions are, it is inconsistent with the IG Act.    Mr. Horowitz. Correct.    Mr. Horowitz. It is the question everybody asks. And there is nothing that happens from a legal standpoint, policy standpoint, handling of documents standpoint.    Frankly, the only thing that has happened is we issued a number of very hard-hitting reports in the mid 2005s about how folks were handling national security-related issues. And there is nothing else that happens in 2010.    And, frankly, at the Peace Corps, I think the inspector general there who I have testified with several times on these issues, she would tell you the same thing. There is nothing magical about it. It is pretty clear that these are decisions that just from our standpoint I will say do not have a basis.    Mr. Horowitz. I have my doubts sometimes.    Mr. Horowitz. Those are all very significant questions, Judge. We did a review two years ago, shortly after I arrived, on the Executive Office of Immigration Review and their data and their success rates in complying with their own time lines and found serious issues with how they were counting cases, how they were measuring success and had several recommendations on how to improve that.    And let me go back and look at where we currently stand two years later on that data and report back to you because it was a significant concern to us. A critical question is, are the performance metrics there that warrant additional positions like that. And that is something we have been focusing more and more on.    With regard to tracking data and getting data, that has, frankly, been one of our biggest challenges as we look at our prison-related work which is the lack of data available at the department. We have essentially started doing that ourselves as we undertake our reviews because there is not those measurements there.    So, for example, when we looked at the compassionate release programs, we did a sampling to try and figure out what recidivism rates were. When we are doing some of our current work on reentry and other programs, we are essentially doing our own work on those studies because that data is not there.    So let me follow-up and see if there is such tracking data, but my guess is the answer is probably unlikely given what we are seeing in some other areas. But I will get back to you on that.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah. Yeah. It is a significant issue for us as we do this. We do not have enough people to constantly do large-scale studies. So what we are doing is taking selected samples to try and at least get some measurement.    But as far as we are aware, the last study done at a federal level was a 1994 study. And obviously a lot has happened since then.    Mr. Horowitz. And we are trying to look at, for example, halfway houses, reentry programs, work-related programs in prisons all in the hope of trying to decide and evaluate, and contract prisons as well, who has got the best programs in place, what are the best practices out there, where can we make recommendations.    If you have got, and the Bureau of Prisons does, three different companies providing contract prison facilities, who has got the best programs, which are showing up as the best handling of inmates, who has the best healthcare?    We have seen the riots recently this past week in one of the prisons in Texas. Two other prisons had issues. Who is doing the best with managing the population, education programs. You can go on and on, and it seems to us which wardens are managing their facilities in the best ways. There are various metrics that we are trying to get and look at that, frankly, do not exist as we are doing some of these reviews in the prison area to try and figure out where spending can be reduced, where efficiencies can be found, and who is managing in the most effective way possible.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. Right. I could not agree with you more, Congressman. And that is why this year for the first time we have as one of our top management challenges the performance-based reporting by the department. This is an issue, frankly. I said I was a federal prosecutor in New York for seven and a half years. You got a pat on the back for the number of cases you did and what jail sentence people got and how many for the agents. It was how many people were arrested.    But there were no measurements on have you reduced crime in the community, have you addressed the gang problem, have you focused on the corruption issues, whatever they were. And that is what led us to look at this year as one of the top challenges because when a police chief goes before the microphone and talks about crime, they talk about how they have reduced it, not how many people they have arrested.    Mr. Horowitz. And that is the same in program after program. And I think the department has to focus more in a lot of different areas on outcomes rather than just on actions. The prison area is one of them.    And what we are trying to do as we look at these issues, and obviously with 170 or so auditors in a 100,000 person department, there is only so many reviews and audits we can do at a time, but what we are trying to do is make sure that our auditors are focused on precisely those questions so that when we are issuing reports, we are highlighting and making recommendations about the performance-based measures that need to be thought of.    We are doing that. I have talked about that on the grant side. We saw that as an example. We did a report a year or two ago on grants issued to two local police departments. It turned out that, in fact, the departments had used the grant money as required under the grant. They bought the drones. It turned out they had just never gotten the FAA approval and they were sitting in a warehouse.    So the check the box approach was ``gave you grant money, did you buy a drone? Yes, we bought a drone.'' But the next question was not did they use it, did it work, does it inform our judgment on future grants.    Mr. Horowitz. None of those. So those are the kinds of questions our folks are now thinking about and focused on. And I think, frankly, as you are looking at programs, I think these are the kinds of questions that need to be asked because it will reinforce and certainly support the kind of questions we are asking as well.    Mr. Horowitz. We actually have not. I am certainly happy to follow-up and see what we can learn about it. It is a very important issue. The Indian country issues, grant-related issues with Indian country are very significant.    It is something that as the new chair of the Council of IGs, I am actually working with several other IGs to try and think about a cross-cutting initiative on Indian country issues.    We have at the Department of Justice money that goes to Indian country. Interior, Education, HHS, Education, HUD, I can go on and on, Labor, and we have all come together and to meet to try and talk about how we can advance some of these issues. And I will follow-up on this one as well.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes. Absolutely.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. It's growing.    Mr. Horowitz. Uh-huh.    Mr. Horowitz. And be happy to work with the group on those issues because it is a staggering dollar figure for the department. A quarter of the department's budget goes to prisons, $1.1 billion to healthcare on inmates. Three to four percent of the department's budget goes to support inmate healthcare.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. Good morning.    Mr. Horowitz. We have done some research on the drug side and the increasing cost, for example, the hepatitis issues and how the costs have increased for those kinds of medications, but we are actually right now in the middle of looking at some of these issues both in the contract prison area and in the BOP space on, and working actually with HHS OIG----    Mr. Horowitz. Yes. And that is what we are trying to do in looking at these issues. In some respects, the delivery of healthcare in the BOP is very decentralized. In other places like at Butner and Springfield, which are medical facilities, it is much more centralized within the prisons.    I think from our standpoint, one of the things we are trying to look at is the issues of the management on a broader level is more centralized versus the decentralized. There are arguments obviously each way depending upon the locale, some prisons in very remote locations.    But there are some very fundamental questions. For example, the contract prisons, the companies that run the contract prisons often have their own healthcare companies that are providing that service. And we are trying to get behind that.    And, frankly, that is one of the reasons for the request on the auditors that I made is those are very complex arrangements that we are trying to get in the middle of.    Mr. Horowitz. I think there are those issues.    Mr. Horowitz. And then you have the overlay with the contract prisons and how those are being managed. That has been reported as the reason for some of the riots at some of the private contract prisons is healthcare delivery or the lack thereof.    So we are trying to get in the middle of that and understand it better. And that is where I will put a plug in for HHS OIG which has been very helpful to us in understanding how they are looking at the Medicare, Medicaid systems and how do those compare and what prices are being paid through Medicare, Medicaid versus what prices are being paid in the prisons.    Mr. Horowitz. We have not yet initiated on the smart on crime initiative. Our plan was to do that later this year. It will be about two years that it will have been implemented so that we get some solid data actually analyzed. So we have not yet initiated it. I can get back to you, though, on what we do have on drug courts because I could not agree with you more.    One of the things we are trying to do actually is look at what the states have done because, frankly, in the prison reform area, the states are way ahead of the federal government. We have looked at the largest states, Texas, Florida, California, Georgia, and New York, the fifth state, and see what they have done. And be happy to talk with you and your staff about what the West Virginia model was.    But we are trying to take a look at that and see what learning we can get at the state level, but also as we look at reentry, pretrial diversion, drug courts, all of these alternatives to incarceration.    And on the Sentencing Commission when I was there back in 2003 to 2009 period, we did a hearing and a review on alternatives to incarceration and drug courts seemed to be working very well.    Mr. Horowitz. So I am quite familiar with it and that is why I want to look at some of these models.    Mr. Horowitz. It surprises me that we would try and do that as we look at all of these alternatives to incarceration.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz. Good morning.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Well, a fair amount of those findings come in grant areas where the oversight has been lax or not sufficiently rigorous to make sure that funds were not commingled. Asset forfeiture issues that have arisen, we have looked pretty aggressively at asset forfeiture questions, and whether the monies were being used properly and appropriately. We have looked at various Department programs. We did a review of the ATF's use of its undercover training funds, for example, on the law enforcement side and found how those monies were being commingled and used in a way that was not consistent with the intent of the program or at least being able to account for it in a way that was consistent with the intent of the program.    And we are moving forward progressively this year in our review of grants. We are also doing, and have initiated several contract-related audits. One of the contract-related audits that we are close to releasing and issuing which involves the second-largest contract at the Justice Department is the Reeves County correctional facility that is managed by a private company in Texas--it is a $500 million-plus contract--and we are going to be issuing a report in the next couple of weeks on what our contract auditors have found in that regard, and we have others that we are undertaking as well.    So we are trying to cover where the risk--where the greatest risks are which tend to be in the grant area and, frankly, the contract area.    Mr. Horowitz. Absolutely.    Mr. Horowitz. We have found over the years when the grant numbers were as high as they were, that those were where the greatest risks were, the highest risks were in terms of dollars. We, obviously, have a number of significant risks in areas we have done in non-monetary reviews, but focusing just on the dollar-related issues, and we think there are significant issues, as contracts are now a quarter of the Department's budgets, with those contracts and putting aggressive scrutiny on them to make sure that they are performing as required under the contract, as required by the federal acquisition rules, and a number of those contracts were in the prison area; therefore, by the contract prisons, they are for health care and that is what we are trying to do more work on and that is why we have asked for the enhancement.    But we have also tried to partner with HHS OIG to make sure that we are able to do that kind of work.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Mr. Chair, I agree. Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Absolutely. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. Right. That is my understanding.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah, absolutely.    So where things currently stand is the FBI continues to maintain. It does not believe we have the right to access our own documents in its possession, citing several categories in particular, as a legal reason. The AG and the Deputy AG have put in place a process where the FBI reviews the documents that we have asked for, does not produce them all right to us--they have to go through and review. That delays and wastes money. I mean there are costs associated with that.    Mr. Horowitz. Whether there is any grand jury, wiretap, Fair Credit Reporting Act information, Bank Secrecy Act, and several other categories.    Mr. Horowitz. That is essentially what is going on.    Mr. Horowitz. The status quo is the FBI's policy right now.    Mr. Horowitz. So not changing anything means we are living under the FBI's legal interpretation, which is, it has to do this review. We are being treated like a civil litigant at some level; it is what they do for their civil discovery.    Mr. Horowitz. So we are part of the Department, but we are a civil litigant.    Mr. Horowitz. So they are reviewing the documents to decide what not to give us because of their legal reasons.    Mr. Horowitz. They, then, need to share it with the Deputy and the AG, who have committed to giving us everything. So we are spending money to withhold records that the AG said we should get.    Mr. Horowitz. That is where the process currently stands, and for which we have never mishandled records ever. I am a former prosecutor, I understand the concern about these. We do not generally ask for records in the middle of the criminal cases, so we do not interfere. That has never been the reason they have raised. And the Department's proposed resolution--this is how the Department wanted to proceed, that was we did not object----    Mr. Horowitz. . Was to send it to the Office of Legal Counsel last May. We were told at one point it would be done by October. I maybe should have asked which October, but we are now in February and this is not that complicated.    Mr. Horowitz. I will just give you an example. We had one that took almost a year of delay because of these issues. We have the two whistleblower matters that I reported on that we asked for in September and October. FBI whistleblowers, just to get a sense of it, we have authority over FBI whistleblower retaliation allegations. In my mind--put aside any legal issue--the FBI should not be looking at those records, period; there is a conflict. They should be handing them to us, what we need.    Mr. Horowitz. Instead, they are reviewing them to decide what to withhold from us so they can go to the AG and say, ``Should we give it to them''?    Mr. Horowitz. That has gone on for months on a whistleblower retaliation matter.    Mr. Horowitz. I do not think that you could have made it much clearer.    Mr. Horowitz. I thought Section 218 would work.    Mr. Horowitz. I thought Section 218 would work.    Mr. Horowitz. The problem that we have had on our side, on the IG's side, and in talking with members, frankly, is we do not know really what needs fixing.    Mr. Horowitz. Which is where, I had mentioned earlier, any opinion at this point would be good, because then, at least, members of congress have a roadmap. We have a roadmap of how to fix it.    Mr. Horowitz. We could reinforce--you could take what is in Section 218----    Mr. Horowitz . And make it absolutely clear----    Mr. Horowitz . In the actual statute, but you would be writing against some unknown legal opinion lurking out there----    Mr. Horowitz . From the Department.    The easier way to do this--and this would resolve it. I mean we are at a standstill now where the FBI's process is the process. There is no resolution. I have another potential Section 218 letter to come up, depending on what I learn from the FBI, and these are going to continue because they are not changing their process.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Right. And I have talked with Director Comey and what he, I think, would say is, We just need the----    Mr. Horowitz . Then to tell us we can do--we can give it to you, because in our view, we do not think we can right now, as the lawyers tell me.    Mr. Horowitz. That is correct. The AG and the Deputy have to decide what--how they want to handle that opinion.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz. Right. That is right.    And do you know what is interesting?    Mr. Horowitz. For the GAO, they can go to a judge.    We do not have any such authority.    Mr. Horowitz. Right.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz. And I would just add, there is no rationale that I can think of that would explain why Congress created our office in 1988, why it authorized us in 2003, and the Attorney General Ashcroft authorized us a year earlier to oversee the FBI, the DEA and all the law enforcement components at the Justice Department, yet you all thought we should not see the evidence that they gather for the cases you want us to oversee.    Mr. Horowitz. If I cannot look at grand jury information at the FBI, wiretap information, I am not sure why you would want me to look at the FBI, right?    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. And just to give an example of what----    Mr. Horowitz. And just to give an example of how it has had a positive effect, we had three open requests with DEA when the law went into effect in mid-December. By New Year's Eve we had all three of those records. So there was notice taken.    Mr. Horowitz. And, frankly, our biggest crisis in IG is we do not know what we do not know. We are sitting here waiting for records, yet they are being reviewed and in whistleblower retaliation cases, there are all sorts of appearance issues, let alone what is actually happening, so----    Mr. Horowitz. Absolutely.    Mr. Horowitz. I appreciate that.    Mr. Horowitz. Yeah. Yeah.    Mr. Horowitz. All right. I appreciate it.    And I look forward to meeting with you and the staff going forward on any issues that you think would be helpful with, I look forward to it. I appreciate all of your support.    Mr. Horowitz. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.