    Mr. Scott. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Grim, you are the Director of the Division of Investment Management for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, correct?    Mr. Grim. Yes.    Mr. Scott. And are you aware on the fiduciary issue, that we wrote into Dodd-Frank that it was the domain of the Securities and Exchange Commission to come up with a uniform definition, if need be, of ``fiduciary?''    Mr. Grim. Yes. That is right. That is part of Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Scott. Are you also aware that we wrote that and it is clearly written in Section 913 of Dodd-Frank?    Mr. Grim. Section 913 is the provision that gives the SEC the authority to adopt uniform fiduciary--    Mr. Scott. So the issue becomes, why is the Labor Department getting into your bailiwick and doing what they are doing in such a disruptive manner when we clearly--I was here, I was intimately involved in that issue, very intimately involved in the writing of Dodd-Frank, and we expressly put that in.    You regulate the financial advisers. Nobody knows more about investment management than the Securities and Exchange Commission; it is for that purpose.    So, Mr. Grim, I put to you, why is the Labor Department dabbling in this issue and bringing about such great consternation and confusion and threatening the ability, particularly of low-income communities, low-income and low-income small businesses, from getting the kind of financial advice that they need? Why are they doing this?    Mr. Grim. The question of why DOL is doing it is obviously better directed at DOL. It is sort of up to them what they do. But I would say that we, pursuant to the Section 913 authority that you referenced, the Chair has announced her support for pursuing the uniform fiduciary duty. She has directed staff at the agency, which includes my staff, to develop a recommendation, and that is what we are doing.    Mr. Scott. Yes, but you see why the people in this country are getting so fed up with what is happening up here in Washington where you have this kind of invasion of scope of practice and responsibility where we clearly put into one law. That is your responsibility. And then you have another agency coming out of the blue and putting in something else that has tremendous unintended consequences when we are working very hard to get wealth building and to get people to save and to be able to do that in a respectful way.    So I would hope that you would take back words of encouragement from me to Chair Mary Jo White that she needs to press hard and fight for her responsibility and not have it taken away from her from where we gave it to her in this committee when we wrote Dodd-Frank and the President of the United States gave it to her when he signed Dodd-Frank. And the Labor Department is clearly out of bounds. Would you pass that word of encouragement to her? Thank you.    Now, the other question I want to ask you is, you are proposing a rule that is requiring investment advisers to create and maintain transition plans for major disruptions in their businesses. I was wondering if you had any idea of what the overall impact of this would be, particularly on the smaller investment companies?