    Mr. Sullivan. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee. It is a pleasure to be here to discuss the progress on the F-35 program today.    I have a written statement that I will submit for the record, and I just want to summarize five of the major points in that statement in my oral remarks.    First, the Department is now planning to add new capability, known as Block 4, to the F-35 beyond its baseline capability and is planning to manage that effort as part of the existing program, rather than establishing a separate business case and baseline for this new work.    This has significant implications as far as the Congress' role in oversight. This modernization effort is like a new program with estimated cost of about $3 billion over the next 6 years. That price tag alone would qualify it as a major defense acquisition program in its own right, and it should be managed as such, so that it is subject to the same statutory and regulatory reporting as any other program its size.    The F-22 provides precedent for this. It began its modernization effort as part of the existing baseline program and it eventually established a separate business case and developed into a major acquisition program with its own Milestone B in order to better track progress and cost changes.    Second, although the program has been managing costs very well since 2010, the Nunn-McCurdy breach back then, and cost estimates have actually decreased since then, it still poses significant affordability challenges for the Department and the Congress. As production begins to increase and the program begins procuring more aircraft each year, the Department is expected to spend about $14 billion per year over the next decade and will average about $13 billion per year over the next 22 years until all planned purchases are complete in 2038.    These annual funding challenges will compound as the program begins to stack its funding needs against other large acquisitions, such as the bomber program, the tanker program that is ongoing, the Ohio-class submarine replacement, the new carrier, and many other very large programs.    It is important to note this is just the remaining acquisition cost for the F-35. As we all know, the cost to operate and maintain the F-35 across its entire life cycle is estimated now at about $1 trillion, which has added to that overall price tag.    My third point is software development and developmental flight testing of the F-35 are now nearing completion, but the program faces challenges in getting all of its development activity completed on time. I think Dr. Gilmore covered that pretty well. It is through with 80 percent of its developmental flight tests. It has completed the first three blocks of software, and it is now working to close out flight testing of its final block of software, Block 3F.    That is the critical block of software as it will provide the full warfighting capabilities required for the F-35. Program officials have stated that there would be as much as a 3-month delay. We have done our own analysis and we think it could be more in line with 6 months. And I think Dr. Gilmore's analysis indicates even longer than that.    Fourth, with regard to technical risks on the program, the program has most recently found fixes for its engine seal problem that we were talking about last year and the design of the helmet mounted display. And it has begun to retrofit aircraft with those fixes. They are not all in, but the solutions are there.    Two new challenges have recently been identified. One concerns the ejection seat and the other concerns the wing structure of the carrier variant. The program is working now to find solutions to each of those problems. I think on the ejection seat they have a pretty good concept figured out to solve that one.    It should also be noted that the Autonomic Logistics Information System, known as ALIS, continues to be challenging and has been cited as one of the most significant outstanding risks to the program today, and that has a lot to do with operations and maintenance, as you know.    Finally, manufacturing and production data continue to show a positive trend toward more efficient production. The amount of labor hours it is taking to build each aircraft continues to go down, quality is increasing, and engineering changes have been reduced significantly.    While there are still issues with late parts, this is consistently improving as well. Contractors are now delivering aircraft on time or ahead of schedule. We continue to track the measures for the aircraft's reliability and maintainability. And while they still fall short of expectations, they continue to improve, and there is still time to achieve the program's required goals at the right time.    I will close with that. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Sullivan. I think it is clear that this aircraft, fifth-gen aircraft, does things that the generations in the past can't do, won't ever be able to do. The stealthiness alone is a major part of this, but it is also probably more versatile. It is three different variants. It is replacing or complementing a number of different aircraft that are growing older every day as we sit here and are having service life extensions and things like that.    So, yeah, I would agree that the F-35 is going to be a more versatile and a more powerful threat than what we have existing. And I think probably a lot of this has just come from--the past is the past, I understand that, but people still see a lot of money being put forth for the F-35.    The other thing, I think, that you have to consider is that some of these aircraft, their production lines are shut down or they are not as hot as they used to be. And you can't, I think, as General Bogdan said, you can't plug and play these new technologies into those old aircraft anyway. So, yeah.    Mr. Sullivan. Our beef has always just been with the acquisition strategy of this and many other programs. It takes way longer and costs more than they thought. But we have never really challenged the need for this or what its capabilities are eventually going to bring us.    Mr. Sullivan. Yeah, I think, depending on the mission scenarios and things like that, it is certainly a critical thing. I don't know if I would want to be a pilot and watch the screen go blank. But it is a spec, I assume, it is a spec that the contractor has, they are in development. We have talked to the contractor and the program office about this and it is a very serious problem. But 2B had issues and they worked through those and I would hope they can do the same with 3i. And I think probably they will be the same thing with 3F.    So eventually I would hope that they will work that out and get it to whatever the spec is, which I would hope would support the warfighter. And if they do that--that is why the timing is so critical, because you would want that done by IOCs obviously, you would want to be able to go to IOT&E with problems like that under your belt as opposed to adding that to the burden of the operational testers.    Mr. Sullivan. I would just say that I wouldn't focus as much on the cost for O&S. The Joint Strike Fighter is going to be very costly with sustainment too. It is more about the capability. They need that greater capability. The fifth-generation aircraft is really just far superior.    I think O&S costs, it would cost a lot to keep these legacy aircraft in the air--I know the Harriers are really old--and eventually they just won't be able to fly them, I would think, after a while.    So there is just nothing out there. The F-16 is another aircraft that the F-35 is going to replace. So there is an awful lot of aircraft it replaces.    Mr. Sullivan. I would only say that we have another team within GAO that is looking and specifically kind of looking at ALIS. And I believe they have a draft report over on the Hill right now. That might be helpful, to look for that. In fact, I can probably make sure that the committee gets a draft copy of that.    Mr. Sullivan. Yeah. So this team is focused really on O&S and ALIS and things like that.    Mr. Sullivan. Your question is an excellent question. And it is not just the F-35 program. It is about the acquisition process. We do acquisition reform all the time. And actually, it has been improving the last few years. But the bottom-line answer to this is there has got to be a little truth in advertising when these weapon systems start up because they are always started up with optimistic cost estimates and schedules.    This program was originally planned to be completed, everything purchased, by 2026. Now that is 2038. And so that additional 12 years of funding----    Mr. Sullivan. Yeah. So, I mean, and that is what you are talking about, is that the Congress is faced with unplanned, you know, funding for 12 years that they weren't planning on when they started. Like I said, it is not the F-35, it is most of the major weapon systems. They just don't have a good business case at the outset.    The F-16 was a really good aircraft when it was delivered, and it was simple. And it is not that simple anymore. It is a very complex aircraft because they planned it properly. They had incremental planning on that and they did block upgrades. That is really what, I think what this is all about. And so other priorities go by the wayside.