    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Dr. Cooper, our discussion today and the comments and questions really focused on creating opportunities and encourage college completion among low-income and first-generation students. Can you talk about how programs like competency-based education and innovations in that area can provide students the flexibility they need to complete their degree and reduce costs and remove--reduce some of the cost barriers?    Mr. Polis. And do you find that some of the challenges, in particular with low-income students, revolve around scheduling, having to work jobs, and that the flexibility that a competency-based course, perhaps online, might have might make it easier for them to matriculate?    Mr. Polis. And I also wanted to ask you about the flexibility for Pell dollars. In my district, Colorado State University saw the number of Pell-eligible students enrolling in summer programs double when they were able to use their Pell dollars over the summer term--more on-time graduations, a number of effects. Unfortunately, the flexibility is gone and students who depend on Pell dollars can only use them in the fall and the spring.    What could Pell flexibility mean in particular for low-income and first-generation students?    Mr. Polis. And might that be an issue--and again, in particular low-income students, might have to balance work and a schedule might enable them to take one or two classes less each semester, work a little bit more to support themselves, take classes over summer to supplement that? Is that what can help on--particularly on the low-income student end?    Mr. Polis. And, Dr. May, if you care to comment on either of those questions, but I did want to ask you an additional one, as well.    In Colorado we have a very robust dual enrollment program, not only removing some of the economic barriers to high-schoolers getting college credit and associate's degrees, but also having the sort of 360-degree, you know, support that a public school K-12 side can offer. Many students graduate from high school already having completed an associate's degree or at least some college degrees.    Can you talk about the importance of dual enrollment programs for low-income and first-generation students? And can you discuss any models where dual enrollment students could also be Pell eligible?    Mr. Polis. And what do you think we can do here? Obviously a lot of the dual enrollment programs are locally driven. What type of policies here could encourage and further allow the flexibility for dual enrollment programs?    Mr. Polis. Thank you.    Yield back the balance of my time.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you, Mr. Polis.    Mr. Hinojosa, I recognize you for closing remarks.