    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I understand that we are here talking about what we loosely call data preservation and security, but we are doing so for the IRS, where the data that we most want to keep to ourselves is to be found. I have often wondered how the IRS is able to attract the advance technical professional employees to do what needs to be done. You know, it is easy enough for us to tell you what you should do.    So I am interested in exploring what we can do to make it possible for you to do what you are supposed to do. Now, what intrigued me was this notion of critical pay authority that allows the IRS--other agencies have it, too--to hire people who it would be very difficult to attract to the public service otherwise. Do I understand, Mr. Milholland, that you are a critical pay employee?    Ms. Norton. Is it fair to say that in order to come to the IRS, you took a pay cut?    Ms. Norton. Would that have been a significant pay cut?    Ms. Norton. So when we look at how important this data is, I wanted to see how many people were in this position. I understand that you are authorized in these critical positions, that the IRS is authorized only for 168, only for 40 at one time. I am quite amazed at that. And even they can only serve 4 terms. You would be lucky to keep them for 4 years. You would be lucky to keep them for 4 years when you consider how critical these people are. We do H-B1 visas that are so critical in our own country.    Is my information correct that here are only 19, Mr. Milholland, of these critical technical people at the IRS at this point?    Ms. Norton. Well, that was going to be my next question. I understand that this number, since they can only stay 4 years, that that number is depleted every time you get to the end of the 4-year term. And that critical person, even if they have not already left to go to some high tech company, has to go then.    Ms. Norton. And you have had no authority for at least 2 years ----    Ms. Norton. 14 for you, Mr. Tribiano, and ----    Ms. Norton. Oh, for the entire Agency out of 168 that are authorized.    Ms. Norton. This is malfeasance it seems to me, but it is on our part. I do not know how we could have gotten without at least authorizing. I do not know if there is enough funds even if authorized, but if you were able to even attract such people, you deserve our congratulations. But if we can continue to reprimand you for things you do not do in data collection while we do not recognize our responsibility to authorize you to have what I regard as a very small number of technical professionals on board, then there is a disparity here that I think the government has to take account of.    Ms. Norton. Yes, sir.    Ms. Norton. Where is this, in this Agency?    Ms. Norton. Well, I understand they do not even have to go through OPM. Is this authority authority that you think the Agency needs?    Ms. Norton. But do you think you have the authority? The chairman thinks you already have the authority.    Ms. Norton. But the people we are talking about do not have to go through that process, do they?    Ms. Norton. But it expired 2 years ago.    Ms. Norton. I wish you would because the testimony has been pretty direct here that it has expired, and our own research shows it has expired.