    Mr. Knight. Well, you only get one landing if you make them out of feathers.    Dr. Lewis, thanks for coming. I appreciate you being here. You mentioned that artificial photosynthesis could benefit from modeling and simulation using high-performance computation systems. Is that something that the research community has begun to discuss with DOE?    Mr. Knight. Just like any test or experiment, you've got to have a theory and then you've got to actually see the ability to see it practically work.    I want to go to Dr. Hallinan about the batteries. And Mr. Veasey was talking about Texas. Well, in California we have quite a bit of photovoltaics and solar and wind and all kinds of renewable energy products there in the Mojave Desert. Our biggest problem is battery storage. Our biggest problem is the wind is not always blowing and the sun is not always shining. And so if we want to move to our new RPS, which is our renewable portfolio standard of 50 and then 60 and 70 percent, we might get to that line where we can't go any higher. We've got to burn something because, like I said, the wind's not blowing and the sun's not shining, so we've got to burn something to keep the lights on.    At what point or how close do you think we are--and this might be a question for everyone. At what point do think we are that we can store something that comes from an 1,100-acre field out in the Mojave Desert that is producing a huge amount of energy but we are burning that--or we are using that energy very quickly, instantaneously?    Mr. Knight. So I'm going to--if the Chair will allow me just to ask one more question. I'm going to put this back to Dr. Lewis because I think he understands this. What we go through in California, what we go through in Texas, what we go through in some of the states is the issue is not--well, the land is an issue, but we have a lot of land that we can put these thousand-acre fields out there. And it does become an issue more politically than for the science community, but that will become a problem.    If we cannot store this energy, if we cannot use this energy at a later time, then we might be on the wrong technology. And I say that just personally. We might want to look at something else because if we cannot store this, we are going to be using so much of our land that I think that it might be a problem.    And the second question--I'll give this to you, too--is we've got car companies coming out and they're doing cars that can do about 225 miles on a charge and exactly what Dr. Hallinan said, we would change out the batteries at changing stations instead of filling up your gas tank with gasoline, and that could be a problem because now we're producing all of these batteries. We're going to have a huge amount of batteries if we've got 50 million cars on the road and we have to have 100 million batteries out there just changing stations. I think that that's a problem with this technology. But it could just be me.    Mr. Knight. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chair, for the indulgence.