    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Johnson, I want to go back to something you said a little earlier. I think you were touching on it just a few minutes ago, in responding to my colleague from Georgia, Mr. Carter, about this Iranian's--if you used the word are offended by the travel bans, or it is a problem there. I don't understand why that is an overwhelming concern of ours, that is offensive to them. Can you expound on that make and make sure I heard that correctly, or is that----    Mr. Walker. Yes, and that is confusing to me, because, you know, in the 13, 14 months that I have been here in Congress, it is very rare that you have both sides of the aisle coming together. Sixty-three percent of the House voted against the Iranian deal, even to begin with. So it is already something that, in the flavor of the American people, there are great concerns.    So being overly-worried about the tenor of what this is doing in the mood of the country, I don't know that that is our primary concern. Just yesterday, CNN article was quoting Lieutenant General Vincent Stewart. He said, ``ISIS will probably attempt to conduct additional attacks in Europe and attempt to a direct attacks on the United States homeland in 2016.''    James Clapper, as you know, the director of national intelligence, also said, ``Taking advantage of the torrent of migrants to insert operatives into that flow.'' Now, these are people who study this daily. He also added that they were pretty skilled at phony passports, so they can travel ostensibly as legitimate travelers.    Then, finally, he also added, speaking of the nuclear deal, the aforementioned that we were just talking about, he said, ``We, in the intelligence community, are very much in the distrust and verify mode.'' May I remind you again, that this is the world's leading sponsor of state terrorism?    So why we are erring on the side of being more concerned with what somebody might think about it, when we know that there is an intent, obviously, historically, to do us harm? Here is a specific question I do have for you, though.    Is it your understanding that these waivers are being applied in a manner to appease Iran, speaking of the context of what we are talking about, and protect President Obama and Secretary Kerry this whole agreement is--do you feel like that is part of it? There is an appeasement here of trying to keep this deal structured the way that it is?    Mr. Walker. Are you under the impression, or the understanding, that holding a tougher line and opposing these VWPs are going to increase the threat to our homeland security? Is that the point that you are making?    Mr. Walker. Thank you.    Commissioner Kerlikowske--is that close? Okay. All right. How can we be sure that business travelers, these humanitarian workers and journalists--I spent two decades as a minister. I have lots of friends that are connected in the missionary communities. I want to make sure that no one is connected with these terrorist activities.    What is the full--I mean, what is your advice on how we can make sure of that?    Mr. Walker. Well, thank you for your response.    Thank you. Yield back, Mr. Chairman.