    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Antibiotics, it is my understanding--I am the engineer in the room, not the practicing physician, but my understanding is that the antibiotics are not effective against viruses, and this seems to be a good scientific fact from which to begin with. But yet in America you have heard the statistics. A third of the antibiotics are overprescribed by doctors. The CDC said that 47 million prescriptions were unnecessarily prescribed or inappropriately prescribed for cases that don't respond to the antibiotics.    And then the other point it comes down to is that we only represent 5 percent of the population in the world, so we have got 95 percent of the world out there--in many respects we know there are 20 nations in Europe and we know Mexico gives you antibiotics over the counter. And that tends to get to a point where we are probably going to overprescribe or they are going to be inappropriately used and our body will be able to build up resistance to that as a result of this inappropriate use for that.    And then we go to this, fast-forward to today with the woman in Pennsylvania. The interesting part is going to be how we are going to respond to that because how did she get it and what are we going to do to respond to that? So watching the time frame with this, we don't know if these antibiotics are used to help will even be effective in the future because of this overuse, overprescription.    Mr. McKinley. So I am looking forward to your testimony today, and I yield back the balance of my time to Dr. Burgess.    Mr. McKinley . Thank you. I recognize myself for 5 minutes.    This discussion reminds me a little bit of some of the environmental issues we have been dealing with over the last 5 years. The fact that we only represent such a small part, 5 percent of the population of the world, yet we consume so much of our energy, and what Gina McCarthy from the EPA there other day said that it makes no difference what we do; it is what happens around the world is what is really going to affect the environment, so notwithstanding all the issues that we have done in rules and regulations.    So my question goes back to my opening statement, was when with 95 percent of the rest of the world perhaps overprescribing antibiotics and we don't know what is happening in some other nations around the world. We know 20 nations at least and Mexico are over-the-counter for antibiotics. This global issue, what should we be doing? We can solve it here, but if indeed the patients, people are coming in that have drug resistance to our antibiotics, what do we do? So if the four of you could just give me a sense. This fight is a global fight, not a United States. Please, Dr. Bell.    Mr. McKinley. But even with our education----    Mr. McKinley . We are still at----    Mr. McKinley . Forty percent, so even with our education level here----    Mr. McKinley . I am troubled about other areas, emerging nations----    Mr. McKinley . What is happening. So please continue.    Mr. McKinley. I am not sure I am buying into all the educational part of it. I am trying to figure out what the other solution is.    Mr. McKinley. Let----    Mr. McKinley. Let's go to that point.    Mr. McKinley. Are there nations that are more prone to have problems that we need to deal with----    Mr. McKinley . Around the world? Because we are not all equal so----    Mr. McKinley. Should we be spending more of our monies overseas to try to work those problems out over there?    Mr. McKinley. OK. So two quick questions. One, Colistin, is that a reasonably marketable, affordable drug or is this something----    Mr. McKinley. I am afraid my time is expired, but thank you very much for your responses.    If I could, next line of questioning from Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. And next, Dr. Burgess from Texas for 5 minutes.    Mr. McKinley. Our next is Congressman Green from Texas for 5 minutes.    Mr. McKinley. All right. The chair recognizes Mr. Collins from New York for 5 minutes.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. And I now recognize for the next round of questions Ms. Castor from Florida for 5 minutes.