    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you each for being here and for the work that you do.    The Social Security department shows six and a half million active accounts to Americans that are at least 112 years old or older. Have you run into any of this in your own accounting for the problems that we have on--I mean, we talk a lot about the disability, and we know the trouble that it is in, but six and a half million active accounts of Americans that are 112 years old or older?    Mr. Russell. Do you think with six and a half million of them that are still listed as active accounts that maybe some of those might be abused?    Mr. Russell. And with the things that have been pointed out with TRICARE and Veterans Administration, as a military retiree, I'm on TRICARE for life, which really means TRICARE to 65 and then it rolls over to something else. We went through a gyration in the military even when I was on active duty when they revamped to go to TRICARE, and we see a reduction in base hospital and healthcare facilities that could not accommodate, and then they would move you to the local community and you would receive your care there, which is much what I do now. Even as a Member of Congress I have those exemptions under a different title of law. I pay a copay, I go out and I--as a veteran of several wars, I have my medical desires met.    Do you feel that a construct like that would be adequate to even replace the VA?    Mr. Russell. I would suggest that the lack of overhead, the lack of payment of salaries, the lack of all of the other things, just paying for the care outright might be a way to solve a lot of the VA issues that we're dealing with and we have other medical systems that are proving that to be at a rate lower than Medicare which was the basis of some of your reports.    The Department of Defense, it spent $14.4 million in storage of items that have not been requested in over 5 years. For example, a $391 power mast that hasn't been asked for and has cost $8,000 to store in over 5 years, and this while we had active theaters of war in both Iraq and Afghanistan. How do we address the things that--I understand giant gears and things that we might need in some national global emergency, but that's not what we're talking about here. What--what is being done to address this massive storage problem of things that aren't even asked for in over 5 years?    Mr. Russell. Thank you. And thank you for your answers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.