    Mr. Pai. Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the committee, and the indefatigable Ray Baum, thank you for holding this hearing and giving me the opportunity to testify.    I want to focus this morning on two issues where this subcommittee has led and where, unfortunately, the FCC is falling behind: FCC process reform and broadband deployment.    I first want to begin by thanking the subcommittee for its long-standing focus on FCC process reform. While I firmly believe that the agency is at its best when it operates in a bipartisan, collaborative and transparent manner, unfortunately, the agency has not lived up to that standard recently. First, the FCC continues to be run in a partisan fashion. Since December of 2013, there have been 20 separate party-line votes at our monthly meetings. That is twice as many as under Chairmen Martin, Copps, Genachowski, and Clyburn combined.    Second, collaboration has fallen by the wayside. During my first 18 months on the job, Chairman Genachowski and Chairwoman Clyburn led us to consensus 89.5 percent of the time on FCC meeting items. Over the past 2 years, that number has dropped precipitously to 56.4 percent.    Reflecting this shift, the Chairman's Office frequently shares non-public information with the press and select outside parties, while leaving commissioners in the dark. For example, 2 weeks ago, FCC leadership shared the chairman's Lifeline proposal with the New York Times and promoted it on a call with reporters before sharing it with my office. That is hardly an opening for good faith collaboration and it epitomizes how business is now done at the agency.    Third, the FCC continues to shun transparency. Just last week, the chairman's office denied a request from me and Commissioner O'Rielly to release the Rating Return Form Plan before we vote. Even though Commissioner O'Rielly helped write it and even though real advocates have told us that, ``it is absolutely essential to see the written words on the page to understand the actual effectiveness of the reforms.''    Or take the idea of being more transparent with our enforcement process. The FCC has had success in recent years proposing headline-grabbing fines but its follow-through has been abysmal. Since 2011, the FCC has proposed over $374 million in fines but it has collected only $7.8 million. That is a meager 2 percent recovery rate. Only with additional transparency can the public and this subcommittee hold the FCC accountable for this colossal failure.    Now, none of this has to be this way. When I testified before this subcommittee a year ago, there was widespread agreement that the FCC's process was broken. The chairman himself acknowledged that legitimate issues had been raised. And he announced a process reform task force.    I took this project seriously and I suggested reforms. Among other things, I suggested that the chairman provide final versions of an order a set time before we vote. I proposed that every commissioner respond when one of us proposes edits. And I suggested that every commissioner provide his or her input by a date certain.    After participating in dozens of meetings, the chairman's task force has accomplished nothing. Not a single reform has been made one year later. Indeed, the task force has proven to be a Potemkin village designed to persuade Congress that the agency is doing something on process reform and, hence, that legislation and oversight aren't required. But at this point, the only way to ensure meaningful FCC process reform is through legislation and vigorous oversight.    I want to turn next to the topic of broadband deployment and I salute the subcommittee for its leadership in this area. For its part, there is more that FCC can and should be doing. On spectrum, we need to open the 5 gigahertz band to unlicensed innovation, as Ranking Member Eshoo and I recently called for in a joint op ed.    We need to move forward with another 12,500 megahertz of millimeter-wave spectrum and we need to launch a rulemaking to study spectrum above 95 gigahertz.    On the wireline infrastructure side, we must continue to reform our rules for pole attachments. Let's reduce the cost that utilities charge internet service providers for preparing the poles and conduit. These make-ready costs, as they are known, are a major barrier to competitive entry and the subcommittee rightly targeted them as ripe for reform.    Let's exclude a pole owner's capital costs when establishing pole attachment rates. This would reduce broadband prices and spur deployment.    And let's start adjudicating pole attachment disputes with dispatch. Although the Commission has a special enforcement docket for these cases, complaints tend to languish. We have three from 2014 and two from 2015 still pending. We need to be adjudicating those in weeks not years.    Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee, thank you once again for holding this hearing. I look forward to answering your questions and working with you to ensure a better future for all Americans and, particularly, the Kansas Jayhawks.    Mr. Pai. Thank you for the question, Mr. Chairman. Unfortunately, under the FCC's current rules, I am prohibited from disclosing even to you, the chairman of the subcommittee, the particular details of the proposal unless the chairman expressly authorizes it.    Mr. Pai. Under the current FCC rules, that is correct.    Mr. Pai. That is exactly right, Mr. Chairman. It is a bizarre state of affairs where we have to pass something before the American public is allowed to see it, with a narrow and particularly notable exception of the chairman and his staff being able to push out misleading fact sheets, do press calls, and otherwise push their agenda before this full-throated discussion has had a chance to terminate.    Mr. Pai. Congresswoman, I believe it does and your constituents are not alone. One of the most notable features of this proceeding is that we heard from a variety of minority programmers, networks like Ovation, individuals like Eva Longoria, minority advocates like MMTC, as well as members of this body, 30 members of the Congressional Black Caucus, for instance, who told us to a person that this would compromise the legitimate intellectual property rights of content creators and minority content creators, in particular, had in their creations.    Mr. Pai. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I think the best, if I could tackle the second question first, to encapsulate what the FCC's approach has been is back to the future. Instead of moving to an app-based world where consumers can finally free themselves of this expensive clunky equipment that consumes a lot of energy and doesn't provide the functionality they want, the FCC is doubling down on 1990s technology. And it is essentially going to force MVPDs, cable operators and the like, to do one of two things. Number one, either reengineer their entire network or number two, supply consumers with a second box.    Now, I submit to you that the natural effect is going to be the second. Reengineering a network is extremely expensive, compared to simply supplying a second box. That is not what consumers want to do. And so I would have hoped that the agency, going to the first question, would have teed up in a full and fair manner the other proposal that the Downloadable Security Technology Advisory Committee proposed. One, to be clear, was the majority's approach, which was to have this 1990s technology embraced yet again. But the other one was an app-based approach. And instead, there is a very slanted three-paragraph discussion in this huge document asking why the app-based approach would end with the destruction of America and other things bad. And I think if we embrace this in a full and fair manner, allow the American people to comment, we wouldn't be in the pickle we are in, where the former chairman of this committee, Mr. Waxman just yesterday said that this approach is a 20th century solution to a problem the market is already solving on its own.    Mr. Pai. Well, I think frequently, the natural inclination of the agency of late has been to solve problems that don't exist. But secondly, I think that there is a recognition among some people that this marketplace hasn't developed as expected. And I completely agree with him. The reason is that this entire marketplace is the creation of a 20-year regulatory framework that is highly intrusive. And I would humbly submit that technical mandates and agency micromanagement is not the way to get us to the next stage of the digital video revolution. Instead, we should embrace a more consumer-friendly approach, an apps-based approach, for example, and let the marketplace develop. You are free from some of these legacy regulations that have simply held us back.    The set top box is not the way of the future. My kids are not going to know what a set top box or some of this other equipment is. What they will be familiar with is being able to access the content they want on the device they want using an app or other device that they want. That is the future, not the 1990s.    Mr. Pai. It did not.    Mr. Pai. I think, frankly, because if you objectively tallied up the possible costs and benefits, it would be fairly clear that the Commission's approach would have yielded, ultimately, disadvantages to the consumer at the end of the day.    Mr. Pai. I didn't sign on to that, Congressman.    Mr. Pai. Thank you for the question, Congressman. I think, unfortunately, is that a paradigmatic example of the agency's disrespect for the rule of law, it is pretty rare that this body, as you know all too well, reaches overwhelming bipartisan agreement on anything. But in December of 2015, with a unified voice, both houses of Congress and the President instructed the agency to grandfather existing joint sales agreements between certain broadcast TV stations. The agency simply thumbed its nose at that statutory command and ordered the unwinding of certain joint sales agreements, including one joint sales agreement by Entravision in my home state of Kansas, which provides the only Spanish language news in the state.    That is remarkable for two reasons. Number one, it is obviously diverse programming that I and my fellow Kansans could benefit from. But secondly, it also contradicts an express commitment to the Congress of FCC leadership last year that there is quote nothing in what we are doing that would make that, the Entravision JSA, go away. Now, that was simply flouted. And I think it is telling that a couple of weeks ago, a bipartisan group of 12 senators, led by Senator Roy Blunt, Senator Dick Durbin, including Senators Tim Scott, Charles Schumer and others told the agency that it was quote bypassing congressional will and ignoring bipartisan concerns by forging ahead with this path.    And so if the agency can't be constrained by law, then it is pretty much just the caprice of one individual, a majority of commissioners at any given point in time. And that is not how I think the agency should operate under any leadership----    Mr. Pai. Thanks for the opportunity, Congressman.    It is flatly not true that commissioners have full and fair latitude to discuss what is in a commission proposal or a commission order.    Right now, I cannot hand you this document, which is the Commission's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on privacy. I cannot quote you anything in this document in the Commission's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking.    Mr. Pai. Absolutely. There are sanctions that are unspecified in our rules but I have no doubt that I wouldn't be given the benefit of the Rule of Lenity when it comes to enforcing it.    Mr. Pai. Well one thing is that the rationale for keeping all of this secret is completely baseless. I mean there is no reason why we couldn't have deliberations while still having transparency.    And first of all we don't have internal deliberations now on any item of significance. So, the suggestion is simply inaccurate. But even beyond that, there is no reason why if you propose a bill, Congresswoman, and it goes on the Web site, there is no reason why you and Congressman Lance can't sit down and hammer out agreements and have deliberations in a full and fair way.    And the agency is no different. The American public deserves to know what we are going to do before we propose to do it and I don't think that is too much to ask.    Mr. Pai. Nothing would be better than to avoid all this he said/she said disputes by releasing the document. That way, there is no debate about context. Everybody can see for himself or herself.    Mr. Pai. Whoever is leading the agency, Republican or Democrat, I would hope that they would embrace the same spirit of transparency that the Congress has, in terms of making things public before they are voted upon.    Mr. Pai. There are, Congressman.    Mr. Pai. There is not.    Mr. Pai. I can't tell you the motivation for any particular conclusion. But with the entire reason for this enterprise, it is important to remember that the FCC disrupted the work that the FTC had done. The FTC had regulated this entire ecosystem consistently for the past decade. Now, having disrupted that with the net neutrality order last year, it is incumbent now upon the FCC to formulate what the privacy rules will be in the internet service provider space.    Mr. Pai. I think, unfortunately, Congressman, the Commission is proposing to leave the station in a certain direction and notwithstanding what the American people might tell us after this document finally becomes public, the Agency's direction, as you will see is pretty clear.    Mr. Pai. I would agree with Commissioner O'Rielly and I would just add that that is one of the reasons why I have consistently said that we should have treated the $1.75 billion as a budget, rather than a soft suggestion.    Mr. Pai. Yes and yes. And I think the chairman's commitment should be taken at its word that rate regulation is, indeed, on the table. And it shouldn't be that big of a leap if the President has said when he instructed the FCC to adopt Title II, I don't want the FCC to regulate broadband internet access rates. If the chairman says I don't want to regulate broadband internet access rates and I don't have a problem with Congress codifying that, there should not be an objection when Congress actually tries to codify that commitment.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I agree with that characterization. I can't put it better than the former chairman of this committee, Henry Waxman, who said just yesterday that this is a 20th century solution to a problem that the market is already solving on its own.    Mr. Pai. Without question, Congressman. But in the absence of the Commission doing that, and I don't see any indication that it will, I think as Commissioner Rosenworcel pointed out, it would be helpful for Congress to update the Telephone Consumer Protection Act.    A number of strange situations we find ourselves in now is on one hand having perverted the definition of autodialer to include everything more sophisticated than the rotary phone, all these legitimate businesses are now seeking a special exemption from the FCC from the TCPA's strictures and the various class actions that are sure to follow.    At the same time, the administration is exempting entire categories of favored robocallers, such as government student debt collectors, the present payphone industry and others. They get a pass, whereas, a lot of these legitimate businesses don't. That is an untenable state of affairs.