    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, gentlemen, for your testimony.    Dr. Gilmore, in your testimony, you talk about the limitations of the F-35 in close air support. Specifically, you mentioned that the aircraft will need to be under the direct control of a forward air controller using voice communications, there is no ability to use an infrared pointer, there is no ability to have night vision capability--this reminds me of something before the A-10, by the way, not after the A-10--only have 20 to 30 minutes time on station, the current 2B would only have two weapons, but, then, even the follow-on is only going to have 180 bullets even if you are mounting the external gun.    And so I am concerned about the capabilities in the close air support, forward air control, and combat search and rescue mission that the F-35 is going to be serving as it replaces aircraft like the A-10.    So how many of these shortfalls--and I just mentioned a few of them--will actually be fixed in the 3F? And how many are just inherent, like the 20 minutes time on station and the lack of really total weapons capability?    When you think of close air support aircraft like the A-10, it is the survivability, the lethality, which means weapons load, and the loiter time that really make it capable to keep Americans alive. And I am concerned on the second and the third I mentioned, loiter time and lethality as far as weapons load.    And, also, are any tests, including survivability--you know, can they take hits like the A-10 can of a SAM and triple-A , small arms, and still be able to fly back? Are you testing those types of things in a low-threat, so to speak, close air support environment, which is what we have been doing the last 25 years?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Great.    And the survivability piece, I mean, are you----    Ms. McSally . Evaluating its ability to take small arms, triple-A, SAM hits and still be able to fly back?    Ms. McSally. And thank you. My time is expired.    But I will share, as a former A-10 pilot and squadron commander, there are times and there will still be times in the future when you must get down and dirty with the guys on the ground, who are often on the run, unable to give you their coordinates, and you have to visually be able to see where are the good guys and the bad guys.    And so you cannot stand off in all CAS scenarios even in the future, and that is a concern I have with the limited capabilities in replacing the A-10. But my time's expired.    Ms. McSally. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.