    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Miles, this bill provides that all other agencies that participate in the pipeline review process must give deference to the scope of environmental review that FERC determines to be appropriate. In other words, the bill before us would apparently have FERC tell other agencies what to consider when writing and issuing their permits, as required by federal law. That would require FERC to duplicate the expertise of the EPA, the BLM, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Army Corps of Engineers. That does not sound feasible to me. So I ask, does FERC have the necessary expertise to determine the appropriate scope of environmental review for these coordinating agencies?    Ms. Miles. We have a very technically adept staff, however, for the other agencies with permitting responsibilities, we discuss with them what the scope of the analysis that they believe is necessary for them to issue their permits would be, and try to accommodate that as much as we can in our environmental documents.    Mr. Tonko. So having those necessary bits of expertise may not necessarily be in place as we speak?    Ms. Miles. FERC's has a wide range of expertise. We are 340 people. We are made up of scientists who cover all the resource areas that come before us in analyzing projects, as well as engineers who can do that analysis. So I feel very comfortable with our technical expertise. I do believe the other agencies have responsibilities under their mandates, and what we do is to try to work with them, understanding what each other's goals are.    Mr. Tonko. And further, does FERC have the resources to carry out the requirements of this provision?    Ms. Miles. Currently, we have the resources we need to do our work. If we are given significant extra responsibilities, we would need to examine whether we do.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And finally, as you mentioned in your testimony, and I quote, ``The comission staff gives deference to these agencies' opinion of the scope of environmental review needed to satisfy their NEPA obligations, as they are best equipped to determine what information satisfies their statutory mandates.'' So the language of this scoping provision would effectively reverse the current coordinating practice at FERC, would it not?    Ms. Miles. Yes, we do have some concern that it has more of an oversight responsibility than we have right now with more of a cooperative relationship.    Mr. Tonko. All right. And then would this provision improve or expedite, in your opinion, the current pipeline permitting process existing at FERC?    Ms. Miles. My concern is, as I have said in my testimony, is that it moves some aspects of what we do now under our regulations, later in the process, and I don't believe that is valuable. I believe it needs to be done early in the process.    Mr. Tonko. Yes.    Ms. Miles. And there are a few other things.    Mr. Tonko. OK. There are a number of gas pipeline projects underway in my home State of New York. Some of these are multistate pipelines, some are expansion projects. We consume a lot of gas in New York and in other states in the Northeast, so I believe we need additional infrastructure to ensure reliable service for gas customers. Of course, as with any large infrastructure project, there is opposition. Some absolute and firm, some can be satisfied with alterations to a given project to address specific concerns or problems. But that times time. The public is often less organized, and slower to the table than industry, perhaps with less resources, and states and local communities have concerns and want to participate. That, again, takes time. My understanding is that most of these applications, when they are complete, are approved within a year or two. Is that correct?    Ms. Miles. Yes.    Mr. Tonko. OK. So, frankly, that seems to be very reasonable. In fact, some of my constituents would probably want more time for deliberation in this process. I am concerned that shortening this process further could lead to compromises in safety, in fewer environmental benefits, and in more resistance to these projects by the public and local communities. Is this process indeed too long?    Ms. Miles. The current process, as I have said, is--with--according to our statistics, we are doing the majority of the projects within 1 year, which is--seems a reasonable period of time.    Mr. Tonko. And do we not need to provide sufficient time for the public to weigh-in on projects that will operate for what could be decades?    Ms. Miles. Yes, it is very important, and it is built into the process, that the public has adequate opportunity to participate.    Mr. Tonko. With that, I thank you very much. And my time has----