    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today we continue our important review of the growing epidemic of prescription drug and heroin abuse. The state and local perspective of this growing threat is essential as we evaluate what steps we can take at the federal level to help address the crisis.    Sadly, communities all across the country have been affected by prescription drug and heroin abuse, including my district in southwest Michigan. Devastatingly, heroin overdoses sadly are on the rise due to a combination of high demand and purity that can make the drug even more lethal. There were 13 suspected overdoses in Kalamazoo in the first quarter of 2013, compared to nine in the quarter before that in the earlier year. This unwelcome trend is unfortunately all too familiar as opiate-related overdoses have recently become the number one cause of death in Michigan and nationwide, surpassing motor vehicle crashes, suicide, firearms, and homicide.    I know personally a number of families that have been shattered by that overdose. The reality of heroin overdoses has hit hard in Kalamazoo County the last few years. In 2008, we lost a beautiful little girl named Amy Bousfield, 18 years old. In 2012, Marissa King died at 21. She began using heroin in 2009, despite having lost two friends to the drug. Marissa had an underlying mental illness. She was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, had struggled with depression, and had abused prescription drugs before turning to heroin after graduating from a local high school. These are just a few of the heartbreaking stories that we see all across the country. We are losing about 20,000 people a year from abuse of prescription pain killers or heroin.    As we continue to mourn the loss of all these lives, testimony from you all today will provide us an effective approach making a real difference in fighting this awful abuse. This is a great opportunity for this committee, on a bipartisan basis, to help improve the federal government's response to this epidemic. I am especially pleased to welcome one of today's witnesses, my good friend Vic Fitz, the Cass County Prosecutor and the President of the Prosecuting Attorneys Association of Michigan. He has 31 years of experience in prosecuting drug cases, and will certainly share his insights today as he has done with me over the past number of years and with other fellow prosecutors in Michigan on this issue. I would note that the heroin dealer who sold the heroin that killed Amy Bousfield was caught, convicted, and sentenced to 10 \1/2\ to 40 years in prison. We appreciate the work of Vic and his fellow prosecutors who have held dealers accountable to the law, and helped addicts straighten out their lives. I thank him and all of you for your service, and for participating at today's hearing, and I yield the balance of my time to Mr. McKinley.