    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Admiral Harris and General Scaparrotti, thank you very much for your testimony today and your service to our Nation.    For years now, we have underinvested in our EW capabilities, where our adversaries have actually invested heavily in those areas. Now, some of this you may not be able to go into an open session, but to the degree that you can, where are we held risk because of that underinvestment as we are shifting to the Asia-Pacific region? And how overmatched are we? And what areas do we further need to invest? And where are our adversaries' capabilities strongest? What keeps you awake at night should conflict ever break out and we need to confront this?    Mr. Langevin. General, do you want to add anything?    General Scaparrotti. Yeah, I would agree. I think that our investment in that has been periodic, and as a result, we have seen the need, started to respond to it, and then probably dropped off over time, I think, specifically over the last 10 years. And we are now beginning to invest in that in terms of our people, our skills, and our assets, and I think we need to continue that.    Mr. Langevin. Admiral Harris, in your testimony, you highlighted that the world's 300 foreign submarines, 200 are located in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region, and 150 of those belong to China, North Korea, and Russia. How is the United States keeping pace with this growing force in the region, and what investments need to be made to enhance our undersea and antisubmarine warfare capabilities as well as to our anti-access and area denial strategies?    Mr. Langevin. Good. Thank you.    I would like to shift, if I could, to cyber. And I have a pretty good understanding of our cyber capabilities. But, again, as we are shifting to the Asia-Pacific and we are going to be partnering more closely with our allies in the region, where is your level of confidence in their cyber capabilities should we need to partner with them and should conflict break out?    I know the challenges that we face in securing our own systems, but to the degree that we are going to be dependent on our allies in the region and their cyber capabilities, which may be not as robust as what ours are.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Gabbard.