    Mr. Ayers. Thank you.    Mr. Ayers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz and members of the subcommittee, I am delighted to be here today to present the Architect of the Capitol's 2017 budget request.    2016 promises to be a banner year for the Architect of the Capitol as several important projects will be coming to a close. Most visibly, before the 2017 Presidential Inauguration, restoration work on the Capitol dome and rotunda will be complete. On the dome, the installation of cupola windows is complete. The reinstallation of large ornaments is in progress and, in fact, scheduled to be completed today. The cast iron repairs continue through the mid and lower section of the dome. Inside the rotunda, coffers have been stripped of old paint, and new painting is about to get underway. Here on the House side, work is progressing well on the initial phase of the Cannon House Office Building renewal.    Updating and improving our facilities through fiscal responsibility continues to be the most important priority for us. For example, the redesign of the Bartholdi Park project, as you see under construction now, resulted in a cost reduction of nearly $4 million. Over the course of the past 10 years, the installation of over $90 million in energy conservation measures in our buildings using energy savings performance contracts significantly aided in our ability to achieve the legislated 30 percent reduction in our energy intensity in our buildings. In fact, we exceeded that with a 30.9 percent reduction. This exceeds the target set by the Energy Independence and Security Act and is something that we are very, very proud of.    These projects are all success stories but are also compelling examples of the need for sustained, significant investment in our deteriorating infrastructure. Continuing to defer our needs results in critical damage that compounds and becomes costlier to repair. Safety and state of good repair upgrades are the centerpiece of our 2017 request of $694 million. We continue to address an enormous backlog today estimated at $1.49 billion.    Our 2017 budget request builds on our successes, seeking $165 million for major capital projects deemed urgent or immediate. These include replacing obsolete chillers at the Capitol Power Plant to ensure safe and efficient air distribution throughout 23 buildings across the Capitol campus; eliminating water infiltration that has deteriorated facades of most of our buildings on Capitol Hill, in particular, the Rayburn House Office Building garage is in need of a comprehensive project to address concrete delamination and, if not funded, will jeopardize the structure of the garage; repairing leaks, corrosion, and aging piping systems in the Capitol Building threaten to affect the operation of this building; improving the life safety of the Library of Congress buildings through the second phase of the Thomas Jefferson Building North Exit Stair B project, which will increase the capacity to quickly evacuate that building in an emergency.    Failure to address these and several other critical projects in the short-term will exacerbate the aging process and facilitate new deterioration and failures, ultimately increasing the cost of these repairs.    I believe that working together we can remain a strong and healthy symbol for our Nation's growth and prosperity, and I thank you for the opportunity today, and I would be happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Ayers. I am not aware that we have done any work to that building other than routine maintenance to keep it from deteriorating. So we have done no new construction work there. However we have received a request from the Speaker's Office to begin reviewing that building for potential future uses.    Mr. Ayers. Yes.    Mr. Ayers. They have asked us to look at a potential childcare center in that space.    Mr. Ayers. Of course.    Mr. Ayers. The range was open for approximately 2 weeks, and we were notified by the police officers' union of a number of safety concerns with the range. The Capitol Police, I think appropriately, shut it down while we could investigate and understand what all of those issues were. We don't know today whether it is an operational issue, meaning a usage issue, or whether it is a design flaw. We are in the middle of working through all of that right now.    We have a really good team of people from my organization and Chief Dine's organization that are working together with the designers, the contractor, and the manufacturer of the range to understand whether or not there are any design flaws. Second, the police are working apace to determine what are the operational requirements that they need to have in place, and they are bringing the range manufacturer on board as a consultant to them to help them design systems and procedures to safely and effectively use this range.    Mr. Ayers. I think my best guess----    Mr. Ayers. There are those provisions in our contracts, and we have used them before, not on this contract, obviously, but on other contracts, and if we find there are errors, or omissions, or negligence, we will take the necessary action to recover our costs and protect the government's interest.    Mr. Ayers. I don't think we have actually spent any money yet, but if we hire a third-party consultant, we could spend $20,000, perhaps, to have someone work with us for a few weeks to help us work through all of the design details and determine whether they are produced correctly.    Mr. Ayers. That could be the case. We really don't know, but it could be the case.    Mr. Ayers. No, and these, of course, are fragments of bullets, and they bounce back off of the end wall and tumble across the floor.    Mr. Ayers. That is a very distinct possibility. You know, the dome is in three phases. On the outer phase, we are 87 or 88 percent complete. We are really in the home stretch there. We will see the top portion of the scaffolding coming down this month and then 63 or 64 percent complete on the interstitial space and about 50 percent complete with the rotunda work. And, given all of that, we still have ample contingency amounts available to us should we need them. But we are so far along in the job, that it is very unlikely that we will need to use those. I think there is a very distinct possibility that we will have money left over.    Mr. Ayers. I couldn't wage a guess on that.    Mr. Ayers. It is interesting that, on the outside, as you take off 13 layers of lead-based paint, the dome and the detail really come alive, and I have been able to see it up close, and I am really excited about taking the scaffold down and unveiling it for the country, if not the world, to see. I think there is going to be a renewed sense of beauty and a renewed sense of the incredible detail that went into building this dome.    Similarly, I think, on the inside, you will see a slight change in color of the rotunda. The rotunda has been painted four times since it was first constructed in the 1860s. And the color scheme that we have chosen goes back to the 1906 and 1946 era. The current colors that you see are from the early 1970s and really don't have a historical precedent to them. So there will be a slight change in color.    Mr. Ayers. Sure, I would be happy to. Thank you. We have a 200-person construction team that does work throughout the Capitol complex on a daily basis. And the way they are paid are from our appropriation in the Senate, our appropriation in the Library, our appropriation in the House. There are no appropriated dollars to pay their salaries. They are reimbursed from projects they undertake across the Capitol campus. And so it is an accounting nightmare for us to be able to track all of that. And a great example of that is: You take a plumber that is doing work today in the Senate Office Buildings installing a wet pipe sprinkler system, and that employee is earning annual leave and benefits and sick leave. And he will take those, perhaps, 2 or 3 months from now, while he is working on another job. Well, appropriations law will require us to find a way to take that leave entitlement and pay it from the job he was working on when he earned it. That is an accounting nightmare for us to do that, one that is recognized by our inspector general. Our inspector general recognized our inability to effectively and consistently do that through the long term and suggested that a working capital fund would be a much better way to run that operation. And we agree.    And, of course, any controls that are necessary to ensure that the Congress has oversight and that we are transparent about that and that we are not spending money in any way that hasn't been authorized by this committee I think we would certainly welcome that.    Mr. Ayers. The three energy savings and performance contracts that we installed--one in the House, one in the Senate, and one in the Capitol--was an investment of about $90 million of private money, and we pay back those vendors through the energy savings. The money that we are saving, we are actually paying back to those contractors because of that investment. And so today we have saved over the course of these projects, $7- or $8 million. The rest of that has been used to pay back the vendors for their investment.    Mr. Ayers. It did include changing the light fixtures.    Mr. Ayers. Carlos, do you know if these are LED lights?    Mr. Ayers. They are LED lights.    Mr. Ayers. Correct, yes, we are.    Mr. Ayers. Actually, I am involved tangentially in terms of my agency has a small data center, and a number of years ago we colocated our data center into the House's data center instead of running our own. So if the House moves their data center, to us, it makes sense that we continue to stick with the House and go wherever the House goes.    Mr. Ayers. So the data center----    Mr. Ayers. It is not. It is with the House Chief Administrative Officer.    Mr. Ayers. The data center in Virginia, that we are speaking of, they are responsible for that.    Mr. Ayers. I think they are negotiating the real estate deal and the lease deal, and so they would be the ones that would expand those negotiations to include others. I am not involved in that.    Mr. Ayers. No. We are not involved in the design of that data center.    Mr. Ayers. No, I don't.    Mr. Ayers. It has been around since 1793, when George Washington first laid the cornerstone. And, you know, I think one of the challenges that all building managers face is managing a massive backlog of work that needs to be done, and you can't quite get it funded. I think this committee made such an important strategic decision in establishing the House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund that will really enable us to make the best, the proper investments in our buildings over the course of generations to come. And, so, I know, as I look back, that is one of the things that is so important for me as the steward of the buildings that you all use on a daily basis.    Mr. Ayers. I don't believe it can receive private contributions. But it can receive contributions from a wide variety of efforts, not just appropriated dollars or sweeping up unused dollars from the Architect. It has the ability to receive other dollars as well, but not private dollars.    Mr. Ayers. Correct.    Mr. Ayers. As I look back on my nearly 20 years here, we have had a number of opportunities to receive public money for a variety of projects. And I think it is not something that the Congress--I don't want to speak on behalf of the Congress, but my personal view of the situation is that it is not something that the Congress is eager to enter into agreements like that, for fear that there is perhaps some influence or quid pro quo of someone donating dollars. And the Congress, in my personal experience, has always wanted to fund projects themselves.    Mr. Ayers. It was.    Mr. Ayers. We did accept some very generous donations when we constructed the Capitol Visitor Center. And we did accept some very limited funds when we constructed the National Garden at--west of the United States Botanic Garden. So there has been some very limited use of that in the past. And there is perhaps opportunity to expand that.    Mr. Ayers. That is correct. In fact, just the opposite. We have recently completed our third cost and schedule risk analysis, and both of those say we have a greater than 80 percent chance of achieving this project for the cost that we have identified and the schedule that we have identified, number one.    Number two, we have also received the guaranteed maximum price from our contractor for all four phases coming up. And we are comfortable with that number. And it is within our cost estimate, and it is our desire to notify you in the coming weeks and move out and award that guaranteed maximum price contract in the middle of April.    We have no warning signs, only signs of success at this point.    Mr. Ayers. She is in Longworth.    Mr. Ayers. We have moved over 400 people to the O'Neill Building already, and as we approach phase 1, it is in December that we need to move Members out of the west wing in Cannon and move them to Longworth and Rayburn. And we are on track to do that.    Mr. Ayers. Prior to December, we will be moving non-Member spaces, so late summer, and early fall, we will clean up a few other committees that are still in that space, and we don't see anything holding us back from emptying out a wing of that building and being able to turn it over to our contractor in January.    Mr. Ayers. So, on the boiler side, obviously, we need to replace a boiler now, so we have entered into a contract with Washington Gas to provide a cogeneration system that makes electricity and steam at the same time. That contract is signed, and in the fall of 2018, that will be fully operational and part of our inventory.    Our work on the chilled water side is moving out very, very well on the refrigeration plant revitalization project, and we have the last of the chillers that we think we are going to need in our 2017 budget request.