    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, both of the witnesses, for being before us.    I was just in for a NATO parliamentary meeting and I was in Turkey with Mr. Turner and Colonel Cook, so I won't ask a lot of questions. But I do have a couple of them.    The first one is this whole issue of trying to counter ISIS recruiting through the social media, especially to the young people who we see going. What is the military and what--you know, how are we working with our European allies, in particular, to ensure that this recruitment isn't going on, not just in the United States but, of course, in Europe.    And then my second questions would be with respect to Turkey who we know at this point is a key NATO ally, has been for a while. We have had our ups and downs in that relationship. It is alarming to see recent reports of the Turkish government turning a blind eye to arming some of the extremist groups like al-Nusra and--some of these reports even suggest that they help groups to capture Syrian towns from the Syrian army with the use of artillery to move in and out across the Turkish border, et cetera.    So while we are all concerned about ISIS and its great cancer in the region, groups like al-Nusra and its allies are not far behind from that. So can either of you comment about what we are seeing there on the ground and what we intend to do about it? Thank you.    Ms. Sanchez. Right. And that might require maybe an off the side conversation at some point about what we are really doing.    The last question, of course, General, Turkey, these other groups, slippery border armies--I have some of my constituents of Turkish decent coming in with pictures of ISIL-type people with armaments stamped Turkish Army. What is going on there?    General Breedlove. Congresswoman, thank you.    I am not personally aware of what you have talked about, but what I will do is go back and take a hard look at this and offer to come to you in a classified engagement.    I would tell you that--you and I have actually talked about this before; Turkey is a great mil-to-mil ally and that is where I am focused. Our mil-to-mil relationship is as good as it has ever been and I think you are aware we have had a few successes this week in things that we have asked of them to move forward, both in Syria and Turkey.    But allow me to take the real meat of your second question and come back to you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Jones.