    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Good to see you, Mr. Secretary, as always. Thanks for taking the time to come and testify today. I do want to add my thanks for your work on the Iran deal. I thought that was really wonderful on your part, all the effort you put in. I want to focus a little bit on renewable energy today. As you might imagine, I am from Iowa, got some thoughts about that. As you know, recent data from the U.S. Information Administration showed that Iowa now is the first and the only State in the Nation to generate more than 30 percent of its energy from wind power. Last year, we hit 31 percent. I am very proud of that. Something I bring up quite often in these fora. It is great news, not only for my home State but, of course, for the Nation's renewable energy sector. When we invest, I think we can all agree, when we invest in renewable energy, like solar and wind, we do lower our dependence on foreign oil, and we rein in CO<INF>2</INF> emission. In fact, last week, your agency released a report stating that the wind production tax credit, which I am thankful we got extended for 5 years----    Mr. Loebsack . And solar investment credit, the investment tax credit, will drive a net increase of 48 to 53 gigawatts of energy from renewable sources by 2020. And these investments not only do help to produce clean energy, more clean energy, but they also help to produce thousands of jobs. And I was happy to push as hard as I could for both of those tax credits. We got 5 years for each, as you know.    You also know that my State is a leader on biofuels. You are very aware of that. And along with your agency's bioenergy technology program, which develops and advances America's energy future, it has positively affected I think our domestic energy sources. And I thank you for all the great work you have done there. I also note that U.S. Department of Agriculture, under the leadership of Tom Vilsack, our former Governor, has already made investments in terms of infrastructure through the biofuels infrastructure program.    But I am going to introduce a bill later today to help Americans have a greater choice at the pump. And that has already been done to some extent through the BIP program, and I am very appreciative of what USDA has done on that front. But I think we have got to go further. My bill is the REFUEL Act, Renewable Fuel Utilization, Expansion and Leadership Act. And it will create new and retrofit existing infrastructure, including pumps for biofuels and hydrogen, tanks, piping, and electric vehicle chargers. Too often, I think we have got infrastructure constraints out there. I know a lot of this has to do with USDA, not necessarily with DOE, but it is something that I still want to bring up, make sure that folks know that this act I think is going to help bridge the divide by making important investments in the infrastructure needed to provide consumers with choices at the pump. I am going to come back to that.    But I first want to ask you--because that will be my second question, if you see any more opportunities on the part of the administration to advance the infrastructure aspect of this. But the first question has to do with the budget of DOE in terms of energy efficiency and renewable energy programs that the President has requested $156 million for the wind energy program. And I support that fully, as you might imagine. But, last year, roughly $4 million was set aside for distributed wind energy, something that we really don't talk that much about. We talk about the big projects, projects that MidAmerican Energy is doing, for example, in Iowa. But this type of wind energy I think is particularly important to my constituents and throughout the country. And I am curious to know if you plan to invest more in distributed wind, and if so, what are you hoping to achieve with the greater investment?    Mr. Loebsack. Fantastic.    Mr. Loebsack. I understand.    Mr. Loebsack. Thank you. I do appreciate that. I have run out of time, but I will submit another question for the record having to do with infrastructure.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.