    Chairman Neugebauer. The Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``Protecting Critical Infrastructure: How the Financial Sector Addresses Cyber Threats.''    Before I begin, I would like to thank our witnesses for being here today and for traveling all the way over to 2175. We had a little preview of our new digs, but there is a thing in construction called a ``punch list,'' and I think we had to remove ourselves for a week or so, so they could work on a punch list over there. But we hope to be back in there soon.    As a little bit of housekeeping, I am sure that the majority leader forgot I was having a hearing this afternoon and has scheduled votes sometime here in the next few minutes. And I am sure that was an oversight on his part. But nonetheless, we will have Members who have to go vote. We are going to take care of that little constitutional duty.    I will just remind everyone that the Chair is authorized to call a recess at any time, and so the Members can vote. So I think what we are going to try to do here is we are going to have opening statements and we are going to keep going until they ring the bell. We will ask Members to quickly go over and vote, and we will come back and resume the hearing. After that, we should be good to go for the rest of the hearing.    I am now going to recognize myself for 5 minutes to give an opening statement.    The financial services sector is one of the most complex and critical sectors of the U.S. economy.    Financial sector participants hold deposits for consumers; ensure the consistent flow of capital through our capital markets; provide loans for small businesses; support large, internationally active corporations; and operate some of the most sophisticated payment systems on the globe.    Literally trillions of dollars flow through the financial sector each and every single day. Given its position of critical importance, the financial services sector has become a top target for cyber attacks.    Today and every day this year, there will be 117,334 cyber incidents against the U.S. economy, according to a PricewaterhouseCoopers study.    A recent Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation study highlighted cybersecurity as the number one issue of concern for financial institutions. This top position is held over risks such as overregulation and geopolitical risks.    Last week, SEC Chair Mary Jo White noted that cyber attacks are the ``biggest systemic risk'' facing the United States of America. And Treasury Secretary Jack Lew noted that cybersecurity is one of those issues that keeps him up at night.    Given the importance of this threat, the financial services sector has responded well. The sector has been a leader in setting up an information-sharing framework and has been an active and constructive participant in working with U.S. regulatory agencies and law enforcement. And further, the sector's investment in cybersecurity infrastructure and engagement by senior management has been crucial to preventing future attacks.    However, we should all remember that there is no single institution or system that is 100 percent protected from cyber attacks. The sector faces threats posed by a growing array of cyber criminals, national and state actors, and terrorist organizations. Each has tremendous financial and political incentive to continue looking for weak spots, and to cause sector disruption.    Today's hearing is important for Members to gain a better understanding of some of the top cyber issues facing the financial services sector.    First, we must better understand the nature of cyber threats. Where are threats coming from? What do they look like? And how are we working with global partners?    Second, information-sharing and liability protection are crucial elements to a cyber response framework. We should explore how public-private partnerships help facilitate comprehensive responses to cyber threats, and if there are areas where we should be and can be improving.    Third, contingency preparation is critical to being able to provide continuity in the sector in the wake of a cyber attack. We should better understand the steps the financial services sector is taking to plan for attacks, train employees, and test its system.    Cybersecurity is a shared responsibility. It is a shared responsibility among financial institutions. It is a shared responsibility between the public sector and the government. It is a shared responsibility between the United States and our global allies.    And finally, being thoughtful leaders on this issue is a shared responsibility for members of this committee. I would like to thank my Democratic colleagues for taking this issue so seriously and contributing to a very constructive dialogue.    I would now like to recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Clay, for 3 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The Chair now recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona for 2 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman.    We will now turn to our witnesses. Today we welcome the testimony of the Honorable Kenneth E. Bentsen Jr., president and CEO of SIFMA; Mr. Gregory T. Garcia, executive director of the Financial Services Sector Coordinating Council; Mr. Robert S. Nichols, president and CEO of the Financial Services Forum; Mr. Russell Fitzgibbons, executive vice president and chief risk officer for The Clearing House Payments Company; and Mr. Jason Healey, senior research scholar at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University, and senior fellow at the Atlantic Council.    You will each be recognized for 5 minutes to give a summary of your testimony, and without objection, your complete written statements will be made a part of the record. We would ask you to limit your remarks to 5 minutes.    Mr. Bentsen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Now, Mr. Garcia, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Nichols, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Fitzgibbons, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. And Mr. Healey, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. The Chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Garcia and Mr. Fitzgibbons, in your testimony you talked about Soltra Edge, and I was kind of intrigued by that process. Evidently, that is an electronic detection and notification software, I assume. I am interested in how that database is updated, and then what is the distribution once a detection is made? Obviously, it is meant to be an information-sharing tool, so what is the dissemination process on that?    Chairman Neugebauer. Mr. Garcia, do you want to elaborate on that?    Chairman Neugebauer. Thank you.    Mr. Bentsen, I think you mentioned in your testimony that over the last several years, you have held cyber attack simulations to kind of, I guess, prepare for what if, and how to respond. Can you tell us some of the benefits that have come out of hosting those simulations?    Chairman Neugebauer. And do you generate a deliverable then that is shared across the industry and with all the participants--    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank you.    And now the gentleman from Missouri, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mr. Clay, is recognized--    Chairman Neugebauer. --for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. We will now recess. We have four two-vote series. I encourage all Members to return as quickly as you can, and we will get started as soon as we get back.    With that, this hearing is recessed, subject to the call of the Chair.    Chairman Neugebauer. The committee will come back to order. And I now want to recognize the gentleman from New Mexico, the ranking member and past Chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Pearce, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. And now the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman.    And the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Lucas, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. The time of the gentleman has expired.    The gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. Now the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Velazquez, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentlewoman. The gentlewoman's time has expired.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Tipton, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. And now the gentleman from Texas--    Chairman Neugebauer. --is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. Now the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. Now the gentleman from Missouri, the chairman of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, Mr. Luetkemeyer, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. Now the gentleman from California, Mr. Royce, the chairman of the House Foreign Relations Committee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Neugebauer. I thank the gentleman. I want to thank our witnesses for your testimony. This has been a very healthy discussion. I hope the takeaway for the Members and even for some people who may be watching this hearing is that there is a lot of good cooperation going on within the industry because everybody has a vested interest here.    I think this is an ongoing dialogue. While we have only had two hearings here, I think this is an interest to our country from a national security standpoint, but also as far as protecting the financial network, which is so important to our economy.    Without objection, I would like to submit the following statements for the record: the Independent Community Bankers of America; the National Association of Federal Credit Unions; the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; and the opening statement from Mr. Hinojosa of Texas.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    And with that, this hearing is adjourned.