    Mr. Hurt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for holding today's hearing.    Welcome, Mr. Grim. Thank you for joining us today.    I am pleased that this subcommittee is continuing to focus on vigorous oversight and accountability within the SEC. Today's hearing is an important reminder of the critical functions that the SEC's Division of Investment Management plays in our economy as the SEC's mission includes the critical component of facilitating capital formation.    Capital formation is crucial to the success of our economy, and as I travel across Virginia's Fifth congressional district, my district, I am regularly reminded of how our Nation's small businesses and startups depend on access to private capital to be successful.    I am also regularly reminded that well-intended Federal regulation often results in creating unnecessary costs and barriers to capital formation. As you may know, I have been a proponent of legislative initiatives that would encourage economic growth and job creation by increasing the flow of private capital to small businesses that are found on Main Streets all across America. Unfortunately, the Dodd-Frank Act, in many instances, has placed a costly and unnecessary regulatory burden of SEC registration, specifically SEC registration on advisers to private equity funds, while exempting advisers to other similar funds.    A bill that Representative Jim Himes and I sponsored last Congress passed the House on a bipartisan basis and, if enacted, would have eliminated this unnecessary burden and would have put private equity funds on a similar playing field as that of other similar advisers.    The reality is simple: private equity funds and their advisers did not cause the financial crisis, and I believe there is general consensus that they are not a source of systemic risk. In my district, there are literally thousands of jobs that exist because of the investment by private equity funds. I believe that the treatment in Dodd-Frank of advisers to private equity funds suggests that this committee review the overall Investment Advisers Act registration regime and look for ways to make sure that the laws in this area are, in fact, protecting investors and are, in fact, facilitating capital formation at a time when capital formation is desperately needed in places like my congressional district.    I look forward to your testimony, Mr. Grim, and I thank you for your appearance.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you. And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Hurt. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grim, we know that two of the three components of the SEC's mission, obviously, are to protect investors and to facilitate capital formation. So I had a couple of questions as it relates to private equity funds and the registration requirements for their advisers.    Do you think it is fair to say that private equity funds did not contribute to or cause the crisis of 2008? Do you think that is a fair statement?    Mr. Grim. Sure.    Mr. Hurt. Do you agree that there is a general consensus that those funds do not present systemic risk? Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Grim. I think with respect to the SEC's focus on private equity funds, in the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress determined to have private equity fund managers register with the Commission. My Division sort of did the rules implementing that registration. And I think that we think that is a good thing. We think it is good that they are registered with us. The protections that come from being registered with us are important.    Mr. Hurt. But would you agree that they don't present systemic risk? There is no evidence that the private equity funds present systemic risk.    Mr. Grim. I guess the ultimate people to determine that would be the FSOC. As I mentioned before, I am not the FSOC. So they would determine whether they are. I think, with respect, our focus has been on investor protection.    Mr. Hurt. But there is generally a different model that they follow that would not lead to cascading losses. And we are talking about pretty sophisticated investors. So you can't say whether you think that they present systemic risk or not in your opinion as a regulator?    Mr. Grim. Again, I think our focus has been on the investor, potential investor protection issues that private equity funds raise. Our exam staff has done a number of exams recently. And while, of course, they see a range of practice, they have found some things in the fee area that have raised some investor protection concerns, and we have been particularly focused on those issues.    Mr. Hurt. And understanding full well that the regulations that you enforce have in many instances come from Dodd-Frank, this particular provision did, with that said, do you, in your role, do you feel like you have an ability to tailor the enforcement and rulemaking to reflect the fact that these funds are different than others?    Mr. Grim. Yes, we do, and in fact we have.    Mr. Hurt. Can you give us some examples of that?    Mr. Grim. Sure. One of the questions that the private equity industry had after these registration rules were adopted was about certain instruments that they invest in that raise--there are questions raised about how to custody those instruments. And our staff was able to provide some technical advice to them. It is sort of on how the custody rule works. And I think it is a good example of where us taking a fresh look at our rules, how they apply to a new set of--    Mr. Hurt. Do you see opportunities to continue to do that in the future?    Mr. Grim. Sure.    Mr. Hurt. Chair White recently gave a speech in which she talked about the tremendous amount of information that you all are now receiving because of this. How is that information helpful?    Mr. Grim. What it allows us to do, in addition to having the examination authority that I mentioned before, where we can go into a specific firm and look specifically at them, the other kind of information that we now get under the rules that we adopted pursuant to Dodd-Frank is broad, industry-wide, so we can look at trends, we can look at risks to the extent that they exist, and we can be better informed regulators as we--    Mr. Hurt. Have they actually been useful? You say you can look broadly across the spectrum and look at risk. Are there examples of where that has been useful up to this point?    Mr. Grim. Absolutely. As a matter of fact, just the other day--Form PF is the form that a lot of these funds file extensive information with us on, and we published for the first time some sort of global industry data about the private fund industry. And we think it has been good for us. We think it is good for the public. And so we are very happy with it.    Mr. Hurt. I think my time has expired. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Hurt . The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Hurt. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Sherman for a period of 5 minutes.    Mr. Hurt. The gentleman's time has expired. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Royce, for a period of 5 minutes.    Mr. Hurt. The gentleman's time has expired.