    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you, Chairman Hanna and Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Subcommittee. I am honored to be here today to discuss how my agency is implementing changes to the mentor-protege program and the mentor-protege programs of other agencies, as mandated by Section 1347 of the Small Business JOBS Act of 2010, and Section 1641 of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2013.    The Small Business Administration has a long established 8(a) mentor-protege program, which is designed to enable approved mentors to provide various forms of business development assistance to eligible 8(a) program participants.    This can range from technical and/or managerial assistance, financial assistance in the form of equity investments and/or loans, subcontracts, and/or assistance in performing Federal prime contracts through joint venture arrangements.    The goal of the 8(a) mentor-protege relationship is to enhance the overall capability of eligible proteges, improve the protege's ability to successfully compete for both prime and commercial contract opportunities, and increase their chances for entrepreneurial success upon completion of the nine year 8(a) business development program.    Success is different for each 8(a) participant because each mentor-protege agreement uniquely describes the protege's specific needs and provides a detailed timeline for delivery of the assistance the mentor commits to provide to address those needs.    Proteges receive assistance in developing their infrastructure, building technical experience in past performance, and developing quality management systems. They also receive assistance with obtaining security clearances for their employees and facilities, developing prime contract proposal writing skills, and strengthening their ability to manage finances and general administrative business operations.    The 8(a) mentor-protege relationship can also enhance the protege's competitiveness, with both 8(a) and non-8(a) contract awards, as larger, more established mentors can enter into joint venture agreements with proteges to compete for certain Federal Government contracts and subcontracts.    Currently, there are 389 active 8(a) mentor-protege agreements in SBA's portfolio, and 141 SBA approved 8(a) mentor-protege joint ventures. In fiscal year 2015, 8(a) joint venture obligations were valued at $1.42 billion. This includes both 8(a) and non-8(a) procurements.    One of SBA's top priorities is to ensure that the benefits of its contracting programs flow to the intended recipients, and oversight of the agency's 8(a) mentor-protege program is conducted annually by SBA District business opportunities specialists and the headquarter offices of continuing eligibility review.    Each year, mentor-protege relationships are reviewed to ensure that teams continue to meet the objectives of the program, and to monitor activities to mitigate any potential risks associated with fraud, waste, and abuse.    At least annually, the SBA evaluates the success of the mentor-protege relationship to ensure that each protege received the business development assistance promised under its agreement, and that the relationship continues to be of benefit to the protege firms.    Over the past several years, Congress has significantly broadened the scope of SBA's mentor-protege authority. The JOBS Act of 2010 enabled the agency to expand the mentor-protege program to include all other socioeconomic category participants. Subsequently, in the NDAA of 2013, Congress authorized the SBA to create a mentor-protege program to include all small businesses. On February 5, 2015, the SBA issued a proposed rule to establish a Government-wide small business mentor-protege program, and the comment period for that proposed rule has since closed.    We are currently drafting a final rule that will then be sent for interagency review. SBA has begun planning for implementation and has established a working group to oversee the expansion of the program. NDAA 2013 also required the SBA to review the mentor-protege program of other agencies within one year of implementing the final rule to determine whether they should continue. The Department of Defense's program was specifically excluded.    SBA is committed to the full expansion of the mentor-protege program, and across the Administration, we are committed to ensuring that more small businesses have access to programs that will enable them to compete for more contracting opportunities, grow their businesses, and create jobs in our communities.    As Administrator Contreas-Sweet highlighted in her priorities' speech, the SBA will be a market maker for small companies by opening new business channels within the Federal Government.    I want to thank you for your continued leadership and support, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you for that question. We have done an inventory of the existing mentor-protege programs at various agencies, and there are a number of agencies that currently have mentor-protege programs that are very different and unique from the Small Business Administration's mentor-protege program.    At an agency, typically, you look at a prime-sub relationship, where the mentor is the prime and the protege is the sub. We have had long discussions with the agencies that have current plans about how those get implemented into ours, as well as potentially continue on under our umbrella, because they are unique and different from the joint venture mentor-protege program that the SBA has.    I think both in the sense of other agencies' programs as well as the Department of Defense's program, they are different and provide a different tool for the development of proteges.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you. One of the major points that we want to address in implementing this, because there is fraud, waste, and abuse, is protecting the protege. In the 8(a) program, the business opportunities specialist has an annual review which looks at implementation of the joint ventures, and making sure that the protege is receiving their fair share of the contract.    We want to make sure as we expand this exponentially to include all small businesses, that we implement some checks and balances to make sure there is a review process, there is a reporting structure, where at least on an annual basis, a joint venture reports the division of contracts between the protege and the mentor.    I think one of the issues that we have is that we have limited resources within the SBA. The BOSs service the 8(a) companies. As this gets expanded exponentially, how do we make sure we have checks and balances so that a reporting structure is in place to address just the concerns you raised.    Mr. SHORAKA. The reports with respect to?    Mr. SHORAKA. We are in the process of establishing a pilot program to expand the mentor-protege program across the Federal agency, so once there are reports, we are certainly happy to share them.    Mr. SHORAKA. I think that is a very important question. As you pointed out, certainly this is a tool for development for the proteges, but one of our main concerns is making sure the protege is benefitting and receiving its fair share, both of the contracts under a joint venture, but also in receiving the benefits that the mentor-protege plan outlines for the protege to receive.    Certainly, if the program is expanded, as you mentioned, from the 389 that are in an 8(a) program now, to over 2,000 potentially, it could have a significant impact on our resources. As you mentioned, there were not additional resources provided to the SBA.    We intend to launch this next summer as a pilot program to determine what the impact is, and from there, decide how it is implemented fully, making sure the benefits flow to the intended recipients.    Mr. SHORAKA. I am happy to start off. I think under our rules, any statutory mentor-protege program when it comes to affiliation, any assistance that is received from the mentor to the protege in determining the potential affiliation is exempted.    In other words, if you have a mentor-protege relationship under the DOD program, which is a statutory program----    Mr. SHORAKA. Beforehand. We do not currently look at affiliation in the Department of Defense with respect to a mentor-protege agreement. Where we would address that is in case of a protest. If there is a protest based on the relationship previously from the mentor to the protege, that is where we would review that and determine if affiliation exists, but we do not currently as a matter of practice----    Mr. SHORAKA. Or an interested party, including a contracting officer.    Mr. SHORAKA. Yes. First of all, thank you for focusing on the women owned small business program, as well as the Service disabled veteran program.    Over the years, because of significant focus, both with the support from the Hill as well as the Administration, we have been successful in getting more business to both of those categories, and expanding the mentor-protege program to include women owned small businesses, to include Service disabled veteran owned small businesses, will certain create additional opportunities for them to participate in the Federal procurement process.    I, too, want to make sure that businesses are aware of these opportunities. We consistently engage our field staff, our District offices, to make sure all categories and all small businesses are aware of the opportunities and are trained on how to take advantage of those opportunities.    We certainly partner with the Department of Defense in that instance. We work with the procurement technical assistance centers. We work with our SBDCs, our small business development centers, et cetera.    I think there can always be additional work to make sure the word is out there, and the training, quite frankly, is out there to take advantage of the programs.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you for that question. Under our program, the relationship that ensues with respect to pursuing contract opportunities is not a prime/sub relationship, but it is a joint venture relationship, where the protege receives or is to receive a good portion of that contract opportunity, so as to learn from the mentor with respect to how to implement a larger sized contract.    In those instances, the protege is to receive--this gets a little bit complicated, but the joint venture is to receive 50 percent, at least 50 percent of the contract. The protege is to receive 40 percent of that 50 percent.    The mentor, in other words, can do 60 percent of that 50 percent. I know that gets a little bit complicated.    That relationship provides for exactly what you explained, in the sense that the mentor is providing assistance, being able to participate in the contract to a large degree, to make sure the contract is successful, but within that relationship, help the protege grow.    That scenario unfolds under the current 8(a) mentor-protege program. That is the scenario that we are working to unfold for all small businesses as our rule gets finalized and the program is implemented.    I understand that in the Department of Defense world, it is a prime/sub relationship. The prime contractor is the mentor and the subcontractor is usually the protege. Under any of those statutory programs, as the Department of Defense exists, the benefits or the assistance that goes from the mentor to the protege cannot be used against the protege or it cannot determine affiliation. That assistance will be excluded if we are looking at a potential affiliation issue.    However, the scenario that you pointed out is a scenario where outside of this relationship an affiliation can be found, and certainly if our area offices, which do the size determinations, find an affiliation and find that protege to be other than small, that protege then has an opportunity to appeal that decision to our Office of Hearing and Appeals, and that really provides----    Mr. SHORAKA. The appeal process? The Office of Hearing and Appeals is an independent third body that reviews our determinations. I do not know. I do not want to say the exact time frame. I believe it is 15 days that they have to determine on that appeal.    That appeal has to be filed within a short period of time, if that firm is going to file that appeal.    Mr. SHORAKA. On our part, as we look--as I had mentioned earlier, the agency programs, in fact, there are other civilian agencies that have programs that are different and unique than the SBA program. As we look to harmonize those programs as a result of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2013, we are looking to see what are some of the benefits that are provided to the mentors and proteges in that unique world, and how can we harmonize that across the Federal Government.    Those are aspects we are looking at. You are absolutely right, as it stands under our mentor-protege program, there is no additional subcontracting credit for assistance provided.    In trying to harmonize that across the Federal Government, that may be something we look at as we implement it Federal-wide.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you. The Small Business JOBS Act of 2010 did direct us to expand to the other socio categories, as you mentioned, and we were in the process of drafting the rule to do just that.    The National Defense Authorization Act of 2013 authorized us to go well beyond that. It authorized us to go and expand the program to all small businesses. In effect, we pulled back that rule. We went through the rulemaking process again to expand the program to all small businesses.    The rule was put out for public comment last February and has since closed, and we are in the process of taking into account all the comments we received. We received quite a few comments. We should have a final rule published in the first quarter of 2015.    At the same time, as I mentioned in the testimony, we have a working group established that includes all of our field personnel or representation from our field personnel, from our General Counsel's Office, from the Government Contracting Office, to make sure we implement it in a smart way, but also within the resources that we have at the agency.    We are looking to launch at least on a pilot basis the program in the latter part of the summer of 2016.    Mr. SHORAKA. That is correct; yes.    Mr. SHORAKA. Thank you for that question. I think that is one of the issues we are grappling with with respect to resources, right. As we expand this program exponentially to all small businesses, we need to make sure we have the resources not only to implement it in a way that benefits the proteges and benefits the women owned small businesses and Service disabled community as well as the HUBZone community, but in a way that we make sure any potential risk is addressed as well.    In the 8(a) program, we have the benefit and the opportunity to do annual reviews on the 8(a) firms, and those with mentor-protege programs and joint ventures get a review and make sure the benefits are indeed flowing as planned.    Outside of that 8(a) world, we need to develop mechanisms to make sure we have similar oversight.    Mr. SHORAKA. Yes.