    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for your consistently hard work on this issue while you have been the chairman and even before that when you were on the committee.    I will throw this question to any of the four panelists who can answer it. Explain to me, picking up on Mr. Connolly's question, how working counterfeit currency prepares you for personal protection.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I get how practicing protection details helps you with protection details. I am trying to figure out how investigating someone using an inkjet printer to print counterfeit percent100 bills prepares you for that. I am trying to understand how those two missions are combined.    Mr. Gowdy. Which leads to this question: Your applicant pool, do you draw heavily from those women and men who are already in law enforcement and may already have those skills?    Mr. Gowdy. Why not hire ex-military? I know there is an age cutoff, but why not hire ex-military, State and local law enforcement, a field that already has that basic investigatory skill package that you are looking for instead of hiring somebody who was an accounting major that just decided they want to join Federal law enforcement?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, you know--and I am sure the four of you know this. The U.S. Marshals have the broadest jurisdiction of any Federal law enforcement agency. They just don't use it. They search for fugitives. They provide security in the courtroom. They provide security for courthouses. But they have very, very broad jurisdiction, they just don't use it. They have become experts in a very--in a narrower field.    I loved all of my years working with Secret Service. I thought they were really good on the currency and the counterfeiting cases. I just never understood how those two skill sets go together. Searching for missing persons and doing personal protection, I see how those go together. But investigating the use of an inkjet printer to print fake $100 bills and providing protection for the President or Vice President, I just don't see how those skill sets go together. But it seems to me that you all are already on top of that.    One question that arose with the former Director that I am not sure I got a good answer to. You mentioned training. I don't think the failure to secure and search a crime scene is a training issue. And I say that, because I believe the housekeeper, who did not train at either Glynco or Quantico, knew enough to alert someone, you might want to come up and search this part of the White House. I just--if you have to be trained to secure and search a potential crime scene, you are probably not in the right line of work. So what explanation were you all, if any, able to uncover for how they missed that?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I appreciate your candor, and I appreciate the work that you did. And the Secret Service has a very rich, deep, good reputation and history. And I would like to see it get back to the days where I remember it. It is a very important agency. We have to get it right.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.