    Mr. Beebe. My pleasure. Good morning, Chairman Walberg, Ranking Member Pocan, and members of the Committee. I am pleased to be here on behalf of the National Federation of Independent Business. I am one of the owners of Highland Engineering, and have been a member of NFIB since 1993. I also currently serve on the NFIB Michigan Leadership Council.    Thank you for holding today's hearing on how the administration's regulatory onslaught is affecting workers and job creators.    The current regulatory framework negatively impacts small and closely held businesses in several important ways, so I appreciate the invitation to be here today to discuss these important issues.    The NFIB is the nation's leading small business advocacy organization. As part of representing small business owners, NFIB frequently conducts surveys of both the NFIB membership and the small business population as a whole.    Government regulation consistently ranks as one of the greatest concerns. In fact, since January 2009, government requirements and red tape have been a top three problem for small business owners on NFIB's monthly small business surveys.    In the administration's fall 2015 regulatory agenda released on November 18, there are 3,297 federal regulations in the pipeline waiting to be proposed, finalized, or implemented. About 10 new regulations are finalized every day, according to data on Regulations.gov, adding to the volumes of rules with which small business owners must comply. This constant onslaught of government regulation makes it incredibly difficult for me to operate my day-to-day business.    I would like to spend the rest of my time telling you about my personal experience dealing with government regulations. Highland Engineering was founded in 1986 and we moved to Howell in 1987. We specialize primarily in troop support equipment for the U.S. Department of Defense, as well as some other agencies. With 45 full-time employees, we are a contractor for all branches of the DOD, FEMA, and foreign militaries.    In addition to our government work, we also serve commercial customers in the automation and water treatment areas.    Through our company's nearly 30 year history, I have seen the impact of the direct costs of excessive regulations, particularly in the past four years. For example, the number of clauses in our contracts have increased nearly 50 percent since 2011. Additionally, reporting requirements have increased to the point that they have become overbearing.    Keeping up with these ever changing regulations is such a task that I have had to hire a professional compliance officer, who also happens to be my wife, Sally, to work 10 to 20 hours per week solely to make sure we are abiding by complex, uncertain, and ever changing regulations.    Each time a new regulation comes out, she has to research it, decide if it pertains to us, and if it does pertain to us, figure out what we need to do about it.    The pace of changes in regulations is astounding. In October of 2011, the Federal Acquisition Regulation or FAR, was on Revision 44. By October 2015, it is now on Revision 84. With this current pace of excessive regulation by the administration, more and more small businesses will either have to divert their monies to hiring compliance personnel, as we did, or will simply decide the burden is too great and get away from the over regulation by dissolving their businesses.    Further, the companies still doing business with the government are passing on these increased costs to the taxpayers instead of being able to use this money to invest in the company's development or to hire new employees. We have had to focus on understanding and complying with new regulations.    Further, in my experience with the Department of Labor, I have found the agency to be more interested in trying to find what we did wrong instead of providing assistance and education in understanding new rules.    My company set up an employee stock ownership plan as a way to take care of our employees and provide for their retirements. We hired lawyers to make sure we understood the process and that we did it right. After the plan was filed with DOL, DOL determined that they needed to audit us. After 17 months of what we thought was nothing more than a phishing expedition, they determined that we did everything 100 percent correct. Those 17 months cost us a lot of time and money.    Highland Engineering's business is primarily with government agencies, and we have seen firsthand the detrimental effects of ever changing and excessive regulations, especially as a small business with limited resources, resources that we could be using to more fully support our core mission, which is supporting the warfighters.    The current state of government regulation has become a confusing and unpredictable challenge for the vast majority of small business owners. Government regulations should not hinder the ability of small business owners to create or expand their business. The current pace of new regulations combined with the existing regulatory burden can dictate the business decisions an owner must make, whether it means using a compliance officer, attempting to expand its business, or hiring new employees.    As Congress examines the current regulatory burden faced by small business owners, I would encourage you to keep the following goals in mind: number one, agencies should take into account a proposed regulation's indirect economic impact on small business. Two, agencies should increase compliance assistance so small businesses acting in good faith can continue to operate without fear of undue penalties, and three, DOL and all agencies should be required to conduct SBIR panels when considering any new regulation.    Working toward these goals would create a more stable pro-growth environment for small businesses.    Thanks again for having me today, and I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Beebe. Well, I think it all comes down to when you talk about impacts, it is the percentage. If I only have 40 people and I have to hire a compliance officer, that is obviously a large percentage of my wages versus a company that has 5,000 employees and two compliance officers.    I think the burden on small businesses by definition is much more impactful than on the large businesses.    Mr. Beebe. A number of times. The regulatory burden, it has directly affected our supplier base. That is one key issue to us. For most of our regulations, we are required as a federal contractor to slow those down.    A business like yours, plywood supplier, all of a sudden is faced with all these DOL regulations, and lots of times they will say I am not going to supply you with plywood, it is not worth it. That is a direct and obvious thing.    The wages for my wife. I would much rather hire a welder. That is just the costs we have to face.    Mr. Beebe. I guess I cannot speak for my competitors. I can speak for the business--    Mr. Beebe. I personally feel that most small business owners are very ethical and try their best to do it. I guess I do not agree that I have competition from others that are not following the rules. That is not an issue.    Mr. Beebe. Yes. Currently, under our defense contracts, we are required to certify that we are not suspended or debarred or have tax liens. There is a current shopping list of about eight or 10 items we have to certify that we are not on to even be eligible to bid for jobs.    The way I understand it, the blacklist drastically expands that, and again, more than doubles the number of things that are looked at.    Mr. Beebe. Very much so.    Mr. Beebe. No, I would not agree with that. I believe that it would just do nothing more than expand the reporting requirements and actually hurt in the end because like you were pointing out, a number of businesses would just not be eligible all of a sudden.    Mr. Beebe. Yes.