    Mr. Snell. Thank you. Good afternoon and thank you for inviting me to testify. I appreciate the opportunity to express NARFE's views regarding the recent data breaches at the Office of Personnel Management, OPM. We are deeply concerned over the failure of the federal government to protect its personnel computer systems and the devastating impact the recent breaches of these systems may have on national security, as well as on the financial and personal security of millions of current and former federal employees.    Let me be clear. The potential consequences of these breaches are severe. The personal records obtained through the data breaches include the highly personal and sensitive information of millions of current and former employees and even applicants for federal employment. The extent of the breaches is enormous, likely reaching beyond 18 million individuals.    Possession of the information contained in the Standard Form 86, a 120-page security clearance form containing an applicant's life history, could give our enemies the means to attempt to corrupt or blackmail government employees and compromise military and intelligence secrets. Moreover, it could make public servants vulnerable to grave risks to their personal security and that of their families and loved ones.    While the perpetrators of this act bear the obvious and primary fault in this matter, the federal government, including both the Administration and Congress, has an obligation to do its best to protect the sensitive information its employees and job applicants are required to disclose as a condition of employment. It failed to meet that obligation.    Despite explicit warnings by Inspectors General since 1997, OPM failed to put in place adequate safeguards for both its aged and newer computer systems. This permitted the theft of massive amounts of personally identifiable information. Even now, the current OPM Inspector General issued a flash audit of OPM's plans to improve its data security and found them to have ``a very high risk of project failure.''    Our government has failed its employees. It is imperative to act swiftly and ensure an incident of this magnitude does not repeat itself. The Congressional oversight and response, including this hearing, is a good start, but we need continued vigilant efforts to improve the federal government's information technology and data security for the future.    The federal government, including both the Administration and Congress, now has an obligation to remedy to the best of its ability what has transpired. This should have started with effective communication with federal employees, retirees, and others affected by the breaches and the organizations that represent them. Unfortunately, communications has fallen short of expectations. While OPM has provided notice to those affected by the breach announced June 4 and has communicated with organizations in that regard, it has thus far failed in its basic duty to inform individuals affected by the second and more troubling breach announced June 12 and continues to fail to answer many important questions about both breaches. The failure of OPM to safeguard personal information should not be compounded by deflecting questions.    Our written testimony details many of the questions we are still seeking answers to regarding the details of exactly what data has been accessed. The federal community and everyone affected by the data have been--data breach deserves answers to these questions.    In addition, to better communication, the federal government should provide lifetime credit monitoring and additional identity theft insurance. The 18 months of credit monitoring offered by OPM is woefully inadequate. The depth of personal information exposed is enormous and the threat to individuals extends way beyond 18 months. It is only fair to provide financial protection in line with the threat that has been posed. Furthermore, Congress should appropriate funds necessary to provide this protection.    The question posed in the title of this hearing ``Is This the Tip of the Iceberg?'' is a valid one. While I cannot answer that, I will say I certainly hope not. The recent breaches should be a wake-up call to this country and its leaders about the dangers of cyber terrorism and the critical need to protect our government's core functions. Let's make sure this isn't the tip of the iceberg but rather the last time our federal government has to deal with cybersecurity breach that threatens the financial security of its employees.    Thank you again for the opportunity to share our views.    Mr. Snell. Thank you. I'd be glad to. A lot of the folks we hear from are members as well as others. Their main concern is trust and trust in what they get. The information came to many of them through email. The email address was not a government email address. It was a .com address. They didn't know whether to open it, they didn't know what to do with it. They had little information. Many people have received letters. Those people don't have internet. They didn't--they weren't able to access the frequently asked questions and the explanations that the Office of Personnel Management had available out there. And so they were left in the dark.    They didn't know if they called the number, if they contacted anybody if they could ever trust them, so we have a lot of distrust out there. A lot of folks are scared obviously. They don't know what's going happen. Some folks who have not been notified that their records were compromised are wondering, you know, were my records compromised? Can I trust the fact that I didn't get notice or is this another, you know, problem? So those are the questions, those are the concerns that we hear from our members both current federal employees and retirees.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. I appreciate that and we look forward to continuing to work with you on identifying any of those and how we can help answer their questions.    I was wondering, maybe a question for all of you, what kind of things, if someone has had their information breached or compromised, what should they be on the lookout for now? What would be an unusual type of situation that should raise the antenna and say this might be something I need to pay attention to? Can you think of some scenarios just so that people can get an idea of what they have to be on the lookout for?    Mr. Snell. I would add to that--and those are excellent suggestions. I would add to that that any statement they get regarding any other benefits they get from any other company or government entity such as Social Security, if there's something that has changed without their knowledge, they should report that right away. We had one member who found out his address on his Social Security payments had changed without his authorization. Being this close to the events of the breaches, of course, that member was concerned that this had been connected. But we did report it to OPM. The OPM folks had looked into it and decided that it was a separate incident. But still, any kind of changes like that, people should look into.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. And one other thing I was wondering, should--a lot of people don't know what's necessarily in their personnel file. Have people asked you about possibly having copies of their personnel file, having copies of their background check? Because, you know, if something starts coming up, you don't necessarily know what's in your background check, right, or even your personnel file even though you fill it out. Particularly with the background checks, those people aren't going to have any idea what people have said, right?    Mr. Snell. Right. We haven't heard from anybody--any of our members with that particular request so--    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Thank you. And I now turn over to questions from Mr. Lipinski.    Mr. Snell. Mr. Snell. It is a long time.    Mr. Snell. Well, thank you.    Mr. Snell. It's a nightmare.    Mr. Snell. No, that's not my strength so I'll----    Mr. Snell. That's entirely possible. We don't have firsthand information. We only know what's being reported out of OPM and it's not very much. It's not very helpful what they're reporting as far as numbers but it's entirely--and it has been I think in the media mentioned that it could be contractors, as well as federal employees, former employees, people who are no longer in the federal government. So I'd have to turn that back over to the Office of Personnel Management to come forth with information letting us know exactly who the victims of these breaches are.    Mr. Snell. Well, in a situation like this I would like to see the communication be sent via letter with OPM agency seal on it so that the individuals would be able to at least feel confident that this is an official U.S. Government notice. And that kind of--I know it's not efficient in today's email world and all of that, but in a case like this where we have the credibility issue as to who do you trust, who do you don't trust, I think a letterhead--OPM letterhead or an agency letterhead would have gone a lot further to helping folks believe what they're getting is bona fide. So I like that like that kind of communication.