    Mr. Flohr. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Brown, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to review with you the issue of individual unemployability.    I will discuss with you what IU is, the criteria and standards used to determine eligibility, VA's quality assurance and training programs, and VA's process to verify earnings and employment information.    IU is the regulatory basis upon which the Department of Veterans Affairs grants entitlement to service-connected disability compensation at the 100-percent rate when a veteran's disabilities do not meet the schedular criteria for a 100-percent rate under VA's schedule for rating disabilities. VA's intent is to ensure that veterans with service-connected disabilities that are not rateable at 100 percent are provided compensation at that rate if it is determined they are precluded from obtaining or maintaining gainful employment as a result of their disabilities.    Authorization for IU was added to the 1933 rating schedule by regulation in 1934. While there is no specific statutory authority for this benefit, there is implicit authority under section 1155 of title 38, U.S.C., which authorizes VA's rating schedule.    The minimum evaluation requirements for consideration of entitlement to IU are a single disability rated at 60 percent or more, and, if there are two or more service-connected disabilities, there must be at least one disability rateable at 40 percent or more and additional disability, resulting in a combined 70-percent evaluation.    Where the rating schedule is found to be inadequate to fairly compensate a veteran for the inability to be gainfully employed, VBA's regional offices may refer cases that fail to meet the minimum combined evaluation criteria to the Director of the Compensation Service for consideration of an IU rating on an extrascheduler basis.    VA determines eligibility for this benefit through development for all evidence that may weigh on the decision in a veteran's claim. The application for IU requires the veteran to furnish an employment history for the 5-year period preceding the date on which the veteran last worked. VA contacts these employers and asks them to provide information concerning the veteran's employment, the reasons for termination of the employment, the type of work performed, and the dates of employment.    VA will also request records from the Social Security Administration if the veteran is under age 65 and there is an indication that he or she is in receipt of Social Security Disability Insurance and from VA's Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Service if there is an indication that the veteran has applied for or participated in that program. In addition, if the decisionmaker determines current medical information is necessary, a VA examination will be ordered.    VBA requires all veteran service representatives and rating veteran service representatives to complete Web-based training on IU following completion of their initial Challenge training. The Challenge program consists of a national technical training curriculum that provides new veterans service center employees with the skills they need to function effectively as VSRs and RVSRs.    Upon successful completion of Challenge, VSRs have 90 days to complete the training and RVSRs have 60 days to complete the training. The 5-hour Web-based VSR-IU course enables the students to learn about the benefit, the eligibility requirements, and the evidence needed to process a claim. The RVSR Web-based course is 2 hours of training, covering the definition of IU, eligibility criteria, evidence requirements, effective dates, and preparing the rating decision.    Additional IU training was provided to RVSRs in 2014. As a result, during the first two quarters of fiscal year 2015, VA's accuracy rate for IU decisions based on our national Systematic Technical Accuracy Review is 94 percent. The most common errors are the failure to properly consider earlier effective dates and to infer IU in appropriate cases.    Once a veteran is awarded IU benefits, he or she is required to submit an annual employment certification until the age of 70. The veteran must list all employment for the preceding 12-month period. VA uses the certification to verify continued entitlement to IU. Failure to return the form will cause VA to send the veteran a due-process notice of the potential reduction of the monthly benefit payment to the rate for the actual combined disability evaluation.    Currently, Compensation Service is developing a method to review all IU recipients' wage income annually to ensure the integrity of the program. Under the revised post-award audit process, VA will conduct a data match of IU recipients with SSA. Once SSA runs the data file against the records in their system, VA will exclude veterans whose earned income is below the poverty threshold. The poverty threshold is based on the Census Bureau poverty level, currently $11,655 for one person.    The IU benefit fills a critical gap when the ratings schedule fails to fully address the impact of disability in a specific veteran's circumstances. VA is responsible for ensuring that those who served this Nation and have been disabled during that service are fully compensated for their disabilities.    VA continues to review the IU program for potential improvements, including a current review of the program from both the compensation and vocational rehabilitation and employment perspective.    Thank you for this opportunity to be here today.    Mr. Flohr. If I may add something, Mr. Chairman. It is not a requirement, for us to consider entitlement to IU, that a veteran specifically claim that benefit. The U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims and the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, in a number of cases and precedent opinions, have held that, when we are reviewing a claim for increase--and that could be from a gentleman that is 75, 85, 90 years old--an increase in their service-connected disabilities, when reviewing that claim, if there is an indication in the claim and in the claims file of the veteran that they cannot work, and it is due to their service-connected disabilities, we are required to consider the issue of entitlement to IU.    As my colleagues in the American Legion and DAV have pointed out and I did in my testimony, age is not a factor. We are prohibited under the rating schedule, section 4.19, from considering age, both in making disability determinations, including unemployability.    And I agree also with the written testimony of my colleagues. It was my own testimony, I believe. We are working longer, as a Nation. We are living longer. We work because we are more healthy, sometimes. But even those who are not and have severe disabilities are working because of the economy over the last 10, 12 years. They can't afford to retire anymore, so they continue to work until they can't work anymore.    And if, at some point, regardless of their age, when they no longer actually can work due to their disabilities, their service-connected disabilities, then we are required to take care of them and provide them with the benefits that they need to survive.    Mr. Flohr. I would add that that has been a long-time perception, that veterans, once they get 100 percent or get IU at a 100-percent rate, they stop being treated for their PTSD, and that is just not the case. VHA has told us that they continue to be treated. They are treated; they want to get better.    So, many years ago, I went to a 2-day conference where the question was, is disability compensation a disincentive to the treatment of PTSD? As I said, that has been around a long time. And, actually, it is not the case.    If we were to--the 100-percent evaluation for mental disorders is total social and occupational impairment. And if we were to evaluate everyone at 100 percent rather than 70 percent and then give them IU at 100, we would decrease the numbers of people getting IU, but the compensation, the dollars spent, would not change. They would still be getting the same amount of compensation.    Mr. Flohr. You are referring to veterans who may be going through a vocational rehabilitation?    Mr. Flohr. I am sorry, but I don't have that information today, but I would be glad to get it.    Mr. Flohr. Yes, sir. We have concurred in all the recommendations of GAO.    And I would take this opportunity to personally thank Mr. Bertoni and his staff for doing this report. It will allow us to strengthen our process going forward in the next several months. And so we appreciate it.    Mr. Flohr. That is determined within VA through our technical accuracy staff that reviews them.    Mr. Flohr. As I said, we have concurred with GAO's recommendations. We have already started to implement some of them. We have groups that are working on each of the four recommendations, one of which is to improve the consistency and accuracy.    We have a national program in our 56 regional offices called an in-process review. And that is where the rating veteran service representative completes a one-page summary of the decision they made, what they looked at. And that is reviewed by our quality review teams in our regional offices. If there is any issue as to maybe not looking at all the evidence properly or needing to have a better discussion, that goes back to them.    And we have captured all that data, and we have added to that individual unemployability and we are looking at that.    Mr. Flohr. Once we get all that information together, then we will know how to better shape our guidance and our training.    Mr. Flohr. Transparent in terms of?    Mr. Flohr. If we have to make changes to our regulations, of course, that is--publication for notice and comment, followed by a final rulemaking. We get input from anyone who wants to comment. Of course, we get the GAO and we get CBO and others who provide us with guidance, as well.    Mr. Flohr. Well, if we wanted--for example, if we decided for some reason that we wanted to change or do away with the age issue, we would have to publish that for notice and comment. That is in the regulations. To change that, we would have to go through rulemaking.    Mr. Flohr. Absolutely. Guidance is like internal guidance, just, okay, here is how you process a claim, here is how you develop the claim, you have to get this evidence.    Of course, we are grounded in statute. We have a statutory duty to assist, which tells us that we have to get all the evidence that we are aware of, or at least to try to get all that, before we make a decision, unless at some point we can grant the claim. Once we grant the claim, the duty to assist ends. But, until that point, we have to get all the evidence that we are aware of. That is evidence from the veteran, from private physicians perhaps, from VHA if we need an exam, whatever is necessary.    Mr. Flohr. I don't know. I would have to--if our procedures manual, the M21-1--I think it is available. Yes.    Mr. Flohr. And the rating schedule, as well. Yes.    Mr. Flohr. That is a very good point. And I hadn't thought about it until I started preparing for this hearing.    I think that is an old--it comes from way back, a long time ago, before we were working longer and living longer, and 70 seemed like a good point in which not to require the employment questionnaire anymore. I think, as we grant more and more benefits to more elderly veterans, that we may have to look at that.    Mr. Flohr. Sir, we suspended that when we started developing a new process, the secure encrypted portal with SSA and IRS, with which we could get income information rather than going through our old process, which was a paper-based process.    At the same time, we were going through converting to VBMS and electronic claims processing. And I am amazed to say that, right now, we are 95-percent electronic in claims processing. I never thought I would see that in my tenure at VA, but we have gone about that quickly.    Part of that is working with the IT, both on VA's side and on SSA's side, and getting it to communicate. And it has been a long time. I understand that it has not been perfected yet, but hopefully by January next year it will be.    Mr. Flohr. I don't know the answer to that, to be quite honest, sir.    Mr. Flohr. That is quite possible.    Mr. Flohr. Yes, sir.    Mr. Flohr. That is what we expect, yes.    Mr. Flohr. In terms of voc rehab? I would have to ask----    Mr. Flohr. Well, they do receive treatment. We know that. VHA has told us they do not discontinue treatment once they get at a certain level of compensation. They continue to be treated, in an effort to get back to employment. VR&E works with veterans with PTSD and all disabilities to try and return them to the workforce.    The numbers I don't know off the top of my head.    Mr. Flohr. Yes, sir. I do, actually.    At the end of fiscal year 2014, during that year, we proposed to terminate almost 6,800 veterans who were on IU. That is due to them having returned to work, having exceeded the income at a point where we found them to be gainfully employed, or where their disability got worse to the point that they could get a schedular 100-percent evaluation, so they got an increase. And, additionally, 12,000 in that year died, so they were taken off the rolls too.    So approximately 18,000 were removed from the IU rolls over fiscal year 2014.    Mr. Flohr. Either went back to work or else got an increase to 100 percent.    Mr. Flohr. Okay.    Mr. Flohr. We did give that information to Mr. Bertoni when we responded to their recommendations.    We have a group that has been put together that includes people from the Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Service, our Compensation Service, our general counsel, and we are looking at specific actions that we can take to improve the process. We have a number identified right now that have not yet been briefed, however, to our leadership. We expect to do that by the end of this month.    In terms of the recommendation about updating IU guidance, we expect to do that within--or at least by the end of January 2016 after we do some consistency reviews and determine really how can we better improve the process using both GAO's recommendations and what we find during our studies.    Recommendation number two, to improve the quality assurance approaches, we have started doing that already. We expect to have that completed by October of this year.    Recommendation three was verify self-reported income. We have talked about that. That is 2016, January.    And recommendation four, develop a plan to study IU in terms of age or voc rehab assessments. We expect to have some either legislative proposals or regulation changes which would be required by the end of July, of this month.    Mr. Flohr. At this point, from what I know, yes, sir, I do.