    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Persons, your August 2016 report makes six recommendations to the CDC, NIH, APHIS to address the inactivation issue. If these are implemented it should improve safety and help mitigate the risk involved in handling these dangerous pathogens. Dr. Persons, have the three agencies, CDC, NIH, and APHIS, fully accepted GAO's recommendations?    Dr. Persons. Yes, sir. That's correct.    Mr. Green. Can they be implemented in a timely fashion?    Dr. Persons. I'm not able to say about the timeliness of these. I'm going on their witness statements and testimony that they are working on that. But I have no way to evaluate the amount of energy or time it might take to adopt all of them.    Mr. Green. Doctor, I would like to have you expand on the importance of GAO's recommendations as they relate to safe handling of these pathogens. Dr. Persons, GAO recommended that these three agencies develop clear and consistent definitions of inactivation for use in their respective guidance documents. Why is that recommendation important and what will it do to improve safety?    Dr. Persons. Thank you, sir, for the question. It just boils down to definitions are important. Understanding what these things are in a very scientific, pristine way so that you can manage these labs effectively is central to this. So if you can't identify it or define it you can't manage it or mitigate risk against it. Thank you.    Mr. Green. Can you talk about how the lack of clear definition of inactivation contributes to the issues at both HHS and USDA? Would a uniform definition of inactivation reduce future incidents?    Dr. Persons. I think, sir, it won't guarantee. There's never a way of reducing all of risk, but I do think that one of the things we found within the report that this would do, coming up that is with a clear definition, is bringing canonicity, bringing sameness to the language even within the same institution, much less when you start talking about this department or agency interconnecting with that department or agency I think it will help indeed.    Mr. Green. You also recommend these three agencies should identify when incidents involving incomplete inactivation occur and analyze the information reported to help identify the causes of the incomplete inactivation to mitigate the risk of future incidents. Why is it important to do that and how will that improve safety?    Dr. Persons. So the safety culture that's needed that we're endorsing that we have seen in parts but would like to see in the entire enterprise is the idea of lessons learned, sharing, so that you work through scientifically all of the ``it depends,'' because you'll hear from one lab, they'll say it depends on my lab and that.    And that makes sense to a degree, but in terms of what you need to do fundamentally inactivate on a given pathogen, a select agent and so on, there should be some common understanding of that and some general way, or a tool in the toolbox to be able to approach that and achieve the desired outcome.    Mr. Green. And some of the recommendations, whether it is one agency or the other, it is just a matter of safety from GAO's opinion?    Dr. Persons. That's correct. We're encouraging an increase and improvement of the coordination, the activities towards safety including a science basis and greater validation, verification efforts, and a more tracking, more documentation.    Mr. Green. Regarding the issue of increasing scientific information or inactivation and viability testing, you recommend that the secretaries of the Health and Human Services, Agriculture, and I quote, coordinate research efforts and take actions to help close gaps in the science of inactivation and viable testing. What kinds of resources are required to implement that recommendation and close this knowledge gap?    Dr. Persons. Sir, I'm not able to say in a quantifiable way what that would take. That would be something, I believe, as part of the coordination to identify what the gaps are, and then naturally of those identified gaps be able to estimate resources to that go through the natural process for requesting authorization, appropriations and so on. So I'm not able to speak to that other than it does need to be done and more needs to be done according to the agencies and the scientific community itself.    Mr. Green. OK. Do you have any sense of how long it might take these three agencies along with other scientists to close these gaps in the science of inactivation?    Dr. Persons. No, sir. I don't have a specific time, although it'll be something that'll be worked on, I'm sure, for years to come.    Mr. Green. And it depends on appropriations though.    Dr. Persons. Yes, sir.    Mr. Green. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank all our panelists for being here and for their testimony, and particularly the GAO for your work on this subject.    Dr. Persons. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Green. And I yield back my time.