    Mr. Nadel. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, the members of the committee. As you noted, I am with the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy. We are a non-profit research organization that works on technologies, programs, and policies to advance energy efficiency. We have been doing this for 35 years now, and over this period, substantial progress has been made on energy efficiency, due in part to strong bipartisan support from Congress. As you, Mr. Chairman, stated at a previous hearing I testified at, no one is in favor of energy waste.    I am here today like the other witnesses to testify in support of H.R. 906. Water heating is a major use of home energy use, second only to space heating. For homes with electric water heating, the water heater is generally the single largest electricity user. Due to the high cost of water heaters, they were included in part of Federal energy efficiency standards passed by Congress in 1987 and signed by President Reagan. Congress set the initial standards, and DOE periodically revises these standards based on criteria that Congress established.    A 2012 analysis estimates that the standards already enacted on water heaters as well as other products are saving consumers and businesses in the United States a cumulative trillion dollars. So these are enormous savings, not million, not billion, trillion.    In 2010, as we have already heard, after a multistep rulemaking process, DOE established new efficiency standards for water heaters that take effect next month. The standards apply at the point of manufacture and do not affect water heaters already in houses or in the sales distribution system. The new standards require moderate efficiency improvements in water heaters with a storage capacity of 55 gallons or less but much larger efficiency improvements in both electric and gas water heaters over 55 gallons. I would note that 50 gallons is the average electric water heater. So these only apply above those stronger standards, above that.    Households with very large water heaters use more hot water on average, making higher efficiency levels cost effective. When DOE established the standards, it estimated that the average household with a very large electric water heater would save over $600 over the life cycle of their high efficiency unit.    Now, as we have heard, many electric cooperatives as well as some other utilities have long sponsored programs to use water heaters to heat and store hot water during off-peak periods, such as overnight, permitting lower energy use during peak periods. These programs help utilities manage their systems by reducing peak loads. A timer or radio control or other type of communication device controls the water heaters to generally stop them from operating during peak periods.    After DOE issued the rule in 2010, some utilities realized that the very large electric-resistance water heaters they sometimes use in demand response and thermal storage programs would no longer be manufactured. There are heat pump water heaters, but these have not yet been fully evaluated and field tested for use in demand response and thermal storage programs.    To address these concerns, as we have all heard, many organizations negotiated the language in H.R. 906, and we very much appreciate the chairman and the other cosponsors. It carefully balances opportunities for saving energy via high-efficiency water heaters with the benefits to utilities of using large electric water heaters and demand response and thermal storage programs. It allows for the continued manufacture of these large electric resistance water heaters with a variety of provisions to limit their use to homes participating in demand response and thermal storage programs. The bill also provides guidance so that DOE will carefully consider both energy efficiency and demand response opportunities in future rulemakings.    So, as I said, we do support this bill. We also recommend that this committee consider other energy efficiency bills. We hope that this is just the beginning of what we think could be a very productive Congress in terms of energy efficiency. So with that, I look forward to your questions, and thank you for the opportunity to testify.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Nadel, in the initial legislative effort to address this grid-enabled water heater issue, you actually testified before the Senate Energy and Resources Committee in June of last year, June of 2013 rather, expressing your organization's concern over the legislative language proposed at the time. Would you assert ``allow widespread use of less efficient water heaters and application without off-peak water heating or load management''? Since that time your organization has been--at the negotiating table and actually helped draft the new language contained in this bill. Can you speak to your organization's involvement and investment in this new language and have your fears been addressed in the current bill that we have before us today?    Mr. Nadel. Yes, I thank you for bringing that up. Yes, our concerns have been addressed. In fact, after that hearing some of the people here in this room came up to me and said can we talk? Can we try to work something out? The bill originally basically just allowed unlimited sales of these water heaters for these applications. We have, as you have heard in the testimony here, the bill has a number of provisions to effectively limit its use to those households where there is a demand response or thermal storage program. With those limitations and those protections, and I describe them in more detail in my written testimony, we are very comfortable with this bill. It allows demand response programs but doesn't allow widespread leakage.    Mr. Nadel. Yes. Department of Energy did examine the exact question you ask, and they estimate the average simple payback is 6 years for a heat pump water heater. That is the average. If it is more expensive electricity, it will be less. If it is only 7 cents a kilowatt hour, it will be more.    Mr. Nadel. I think that is based on about 11 cents as I recall, average.    Mr. Nadel. I totally agree with that. I'd just expand slightly for gas water heaters. We have condensing water heaters. During the break a number of us were talking about opportunities to meld the water heater with the space heating and cooling systems, combination appliances. So this is something----    Mr. Nadel. The warning label on it says they will only operate properly. I don't think it gives the exact details, but it does say they will not operate properly unless enrolled in a program and enabled by a technician associated with that program.    Mr. Nadel. No.    Mr. Nadel. On the labels, they will have to talk about their current--the energy use of these products under this typical test procedure, and they give a range of comparability. I have to look at the exact details of the Federal Trade Commission rules to say what will be on the range of comparability for these particular types of water heaters.    Mr. Nadel. Yes, they are not as efficient, so they do use more power that is compensated for the ability to control them. But if you somehow defeat the protections which are quite substantial, yes, you will get higher energy use and you won't get the benefit. But we I think very carefully constructed it to minimize the chances of leakage.    Mr. Nadel. Yes. A good question. In fact, there was a study published just a few weeks ago in the Pacific Northwest looking at this issue. It found that yes, it does occur. It was relatively rare. As I recall, they found out across a sample of homes with heat pump water heaters in the Northwest relatively cold, instead of getting that co-efficient performance of two when you factor this in, it might be 1.9 or something.    Mr. Nadel. On average.