    Mr. Poe. Thank the chairman.    Thank you, Ambassador, for being here. Like a lot of folks, including you, I am concerned about Russian aggression. The Russians go into Georgia in 2008, they take one third of that country away from them, and the Russian tanks are still in that third and they are not going to leave. The West pontificated and said that that was bad, and meanwhile Putin is still there. And Russia goes into Crimea, takes over Crimea. Now they are in Eastern Europe. I believe when they successfully take over eastern Ukraine they will keep moving, maybe to the Baltics.    Last year when you were here, May 8th, to be exact, I asked you the purpose of U.S. sanctions. And the question, and I have the transcript here if you want to see it, was is the purpose of our sanctions to stop the Russians or is the purpose of our sanctions to make the Russians leave Crimea? And you answered that the purpose of our sanctions was to make the Russians leave Crimea. Is that still the purpose of sanctions against Russia regarding Crimea? To make them leave?    Ambassador Nuland. Yes, sir. We want Crimea restored to Ukraine. We have designated sanctions vis-a-vis Crimea which as you know we deepened significantly in December, essentially denying U.S. companies the ability to invest in Crimea. Our European partners have done the same. We talked a little bit earlier in the hearing about the impact that that has had in Crimea and we will continue to keep those in place unless and until----    Mr. Poe. So are the Russians leaving Crimea?    Ambassador Nuland. It has not resulted in changing Russian policy. It has driven up the price for Crimea for the Russian coffers.    Mr. Poe. Well, that may be the sanctions. It may also be the world price of oil has dropped, which is the main reason for the Russian economy.    Are the Russians building military installations in Crimea?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, as you know the Russians have had bases historically in Crimea.    Mr. Poe. Are they building more?    Ambassador Nuland. There is significant evidence to indicate that they are putting new improvements into those bases and new equipment. We can get you a classified briefing if you would like.    Mr. Poe. So the sanctions at least haven't stopped Russian building of military installations in Crimea. Are any of those installations nuclear installations?    Ambassador Nuland. I think we would like to speak to you about dual-use capability in a different setting, if I may.    Mr. Poe. Anyway they are building up their military presence in Crimea.    Ambassador Nuland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Poe. That would seem to me like they are there to stay. What do you think?    Ambassador Nuland. I think we have to maintain the pressure and we have to maintain the cost. And we have to keep faith with Ukraine so that it can continue to try to get its territory back.    Mr. Poe. Well, when I talked to the President of Ukraine last year asking what we could do, he replied, paraphrasing, that they would prefer that we send something other than canned food to them, MREs, which is what we were doing. Are we still talking about helping them fight for their own freedom in the sense that we are giving them military aid? Are we still talking about that or are we actually doing that?    Ambassador Nuland. Sir, we have over the last 14 months provided $118 million in security assistance. I can give you a rundown of what we have bought with that, but it includes things like counterfire radar batteries, communications equipment, counter jamming, full suite of emergency medical, all those kinds of things, training. And we will continue to look at what more we can do.    Mr. Poe. That is all non-lethal aid. We sending them any guns, bullets?    Ambassador Nuland. No, sir.    Mr. Poe. Why not? That is what they want to defend themselves.    Ambassador Nuland. As I said, we have continued to look at other requests from the Ukrainians including on the lethal side but no decisions have been made.    Mr. Poe. So the Russians are now in eastern Ukraine besides being in Crimea, which I do not think they are going to ever try to leave Crimea. Other nations, and I am meeting some Ambassadors today, are they concerned that they are next in the Russian aggression? What is our policy regarding Russian aggression, whether it is the Baltics or whether it is other countries of the former Soviet Union? What is our policy to thwart that? If we do have a policy.    Ambassador Nuland. Well, Congressman, I didn't go through it in length in this testimony. I have in past testimonies. But we are, with regard to NATO allies, starting with the decisions taken at the Wales Summit in September which you now see implemented, we are providing concrete visible reassurance to our NATO allies all along the eastern edge on land, sea and air.    We have some 300 young Americans in the Baltics, in Poland. We will have new deployments in Bulgaria and Romania. They are exercising, et cetera. We are also working with those nations to establish headquarters elements that will allow NATO forces to move quickly in a contingency. We are standing up a very high readiness NATO force. All of this designed----    Mr. Poe. Are we helping non-NATO countries----    Ambassador Nuland. We are as well. Just to say all of this designed to make it absolutely clear to the Kremlin that we will defend every inch of NATO territory and to set a deterrent. We are also providing security assistance to Georgia and to Moldova, the two countries most under threat, and continuing the relationship with other countries in the region.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.