    Mr. Taub. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, good morning. I'll hit a few key points of the committee's very detailed written testimony.    In 2015, the Postal Service had a total net loss of $5.1 billion, which is an improvement from 2014. However, this is the ninth consecutive net loss since 2007 and has increased the cumulative net deficit since then to $56.8 billion. These continuing losses have negatively impacted liquidity, requiring the Postal Service to use all of its $15 billion statutory borrowing capacity and causing total liabilities to far exceed total assets by $50.4 billion.    In the past 5 years, the Postal Service has not made any of the required prefunding payments to the retiree health benefit fund. This accruing nonpayment into the fund has skewed the Postal Service's current liabilities in relation to its assets. To reduce its debt ratio to historic averages, the Postal Service would have to significantly increase its current cash position or investments in capital assets and reduce its obligations to the retiree health benefit fund.    Low liquidity levels in recent years have impeded the Postal Service's ability to make capital investments in infrastructure. It now operates an aging vehicle fleet, increasing the need and consequently the costs for maintenance and repair. Also unmet is the need to invest in sorting and handling equipment to fully capitalize on business opportunities in the growing package delivery markets.    Total mail volume in 2015 dropped to levels not seen in more than 27 years, and the Postal Service anticipates further reductions in total volumes for 2016. The continuous decline in first-class mail seriously jeopardizes the Postal Service's ability to cover its fixed overhead costs.    Recent increases in revenues and subsequent higher liquidity are largely due to the temporary market-dominant product exigent surcharge. The additional revenue from competitive products, which are mainly parcels, is not sufficient to offset the future revenue loss resulting from the termination of the exigent surcharge, which was removed April 10. In order to maintain the operating net income it is currently achieving, the Postal Service would have to make up the loss of that revenue, which is approximately $2.1 billion annually.    With the growing liability of retiree health benefits, the inability to borrow for needed capital investments and the continued loss of high-margin, first-class mail revenues, the important task of improving the financial condition of the Postal Service is daunting.    Despite the financial news, there is still strength in the system. The Postal Service is the one government agency that touches every American on a daily basis. It is an organization that literally serves 155 million American households and businesses on a typical day. It facilitates trillions of dollars in commerce. The fundamental problem is that the Postal Service cannot currently generate sufficient funds to cover its mandated expenses and also invest in critically deferred capital needs.    Where can we look for answers? I would argue the starting point is to look at ourselves. What do we as a nation need from postal and delivery system and what is its cost? What exactly is universal mail service in the United States?    The Commission has determined that, unlike other countries, the universal service obligation, or USO, in the United States is largely undefined and instead is comprised of a broad set of policy statements with only a few legislative prescriptions. The Commission estimates the cost of providing universal service to be more than $4 billion annually. When assessing the current state of the Postal Service, policymakers should look at this fundamental issue and decide exactly what we as a nation need from the Postal Service and, most importantly, how those expectations are to be funded.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, thank you for holding this hearing today and shining a spotlight on this critical part of our nation's infrastructure. I know you deeply appreciate the importance of these issues. There are no easy answers, but answer we must, and the Commission stands ready to help you in the search for solutions.    On behalf of all for commissioners and the entire hardworking agency staff, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Mr. Taub. Yes.    Mr. Cummings.--for the Postal Service and for us. So I am just wondering what you see there.    Mr. Taub. Yes. From the--again, this is a cost-and-revenue issue. I would say the first ----    Mr. Taub. Right.    Mr. Taub. Yes. The 2006 law took a very hard line in saying the Postal Service could only offer what are defined as postal products, what you can think of as traditionally hard-copy delivery letters, packages. So clearly, the law would need to open that aperture if you're going to move beyond that.    The Postal Regulatory Commission in 2011 in a report to Congress and the President laid out a variety of recommendations. One of them was to suggest that if that aperture were to be open, the Commission now has this experience as the regulator to call balls and strikes and ensure fair competition issues, ensure that cost coverage is there.    I would note, though, as I indicated in my opening statement that this also is part of that larger question of what is it that the United States Postal Service should do as a government institution, and I think that's an important understanding. What are the boundaries, as opposed to simply looking for revenue opportunities that may not be in their core competency. But if the financial issue of that fire in the house can be put out and the--we can start rebuilding it and look in that holistic way.    Mr. Taub. Yes, Congressman, this was enacted as part of the 2006 law in a bipartisan way with the best of intentions. Of course, the next year, our economy went into the deepest recession since the Great Depression, and with that the mail volume accelerated and caused these challenges. The postmaster general is correct.    I would point out when the 2006 law was enacted, there was zero dollars prefunded for future retiree health benefits. Today, as we speak, there's more than $50 billion that has been prefunded. There's still an outstanding obligation of roughly half that amount, but we have gone from nothing prefunded to $50 billion today.    Mr. Taub. Congressman, the Commission by law has what's called the annual compliance determination where annually we look to ensure that rates and fees that were in effect in the last year were in compliance, as well as service standards were met. We just issued our most recent one just about a month-and-a-half ago, and we did find that service standards indeed weren't met. All the first-class mail did not meet their targets, both parts of periodicals mail, most of standard mail.    We directed the Postal Service to come back in 120 days with a comprehensive plan particularly on the--what's called flats, the periodicals and the standard and the first-class flats, a 90-day report on first-class letters and cards. So once we get that back, we'll assess next steps. But it was a very directed study, did bring attention, which has been a trend that unfortunately hasn't been trending in the right direction.    So that's why this year we took, shall we say, a little bit more of an aggressive stance to ask the Postal Service to come in with a more comprehensive focus as to what are the pain points, what are the pinch points, how do we get past this because service, as the postmaster general said, is the basic standard that has to be met.    Mr. Taub. Mr. Chairman, I think the most important thing, of course, is the financial balance sheet. That's the house that's on fire that has to be dealt with.    In terms of the Postal Regulatory Commission, attached to my testimony is a study that mandated by law at least every 5 years the Commission looks at the entire Postal Accountability Act of 2006, as well as the whole law, and offers recommendations for changes to the President and Congress. We did that in 2011. We're in the midst of doing that report right now. The 2011 report did suggest a variety of possible opportunities where the Commission ----    Mr. Taub. We should have that complete by the end of the year. My hope is that this would be delivered to Congress ----    Mr. Taub. I wish we could. We just issued a few weeks ago a call for public input and comment on that, a baker's dozen of issues. We asked the public to input by June 14. So when the public gives us the input, then we have to put that together. So we will strive to ----    Mr. Taub. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Taub. Just to make a personal observation from having been involved in this for so long, the current structure of the statute sets the Commission up as a regulator, not the operator, the Postal Service. Nineteen seventy when the old Post Office Department was abolished, the current governors and board was created to exercise the power of the Postal Service and represent the public interest generally.    I would simply observe that, to the extent they are together, making sure thinking through these issues of regulator versus operator, but beyond that observation ----    Mr. Taub. Mr. Chairman, if I may, Mr. Ranking Member Cummings, I just--I think one of the key pieces if the Postal Service is going to go down this road is also the funding associated with that, and that goes to that larger issue of what is it that we want this government institution to do. And I know with a house on fire financially we need to put that out and the legislative process doesn't always lend itself to the ability to get to first principles. But if there is some way, whether in this round or the next, to think about what it is that this government institution must do and what are the costs associated with that and where does the revenue come in.    My only concern would be the extent they take on more responsibility in this area, there's costs there, and if the associated funding doesn't go to it, then we're adding more of a burden to the Postal Service.    Mr. Taub. I was just trying to get a little more ----