    Mr. Kepes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Members, thank you for having me here.    Mr. Kepes. I will do that. How about that? Does that come across? OK. Apologize for that.    Mr. Chairman, members, thank you very much. I am actually very pleased to be in front of you today because in my world, which is----    Mr. Kepes. Push that again. Thank you very much. Again, my apologies. I hope this doesn't eat into my 5 minutes here.    Mr. Chairman, members, thank you. I am very pleased to be here today because the world that I usually am in is the business world, in the exploration and production business. I am a geologist. I have been in and around the oil and gas industry for 30 years, so you can decide whether that makes me objective or not on this business, but I think I am fairly knowledgeable. And I am also representing the work and analysis and experience of my colleagues at my company.    What I really want to talk today about is competitiveness of the E&P sector, and more than the volumes that have been produced, the new supplies from shale, just as important for you to think about is the incredible competitiveness of the energy industry right here. And the reason is that competitive basically means cost and efficiency, and reaction to market conditions. So, for example, as we look at this low oil price period, which has many benefits for the economy, consumers, et cetera, at one point clearly, perhaps the Saudis and others thought that the U.S. oil industry was just a phenomenon of high oil prices. That is not the case. In other words, many thought that this industry, the shale oil and gas industry, could survive only with high oil and gas prices. That is not the case. So that is actually one of my first points today. This is not a high oil price phenomenon. But we have had low natural gas prices for about 6 years right now, and shale gas production has sustained and, in fact, grown. That is critically important. And why is that so important? Because when it comes to thinking about energy diplomacy and the idea that we can export the volumes that we have, because we will match or meet the internal requirements, it is not just about volumes. What we are really exporting is competitiveness. And I want to make that point, is that anything that you might consider in terms of these energy diplomacy objectives or goals, which are actually quite admirable, they will be sustainable and viable as long as this competitiveness exists because it is not just offering to send supplies somewhere, the marketplace is what is pulling them. Whether it is the Ukraine or parts of Europe or Mexico, as I will talk about next here, which is a great example, they wouldn't be doing this if these supplies exported from U.S. shores were not competitive and a lower-priced alternative to other factors. This is particularly important because if we define very simply what energy security is, which is really, we would argue, reliable supply at affordable prices.    So let's take Mexico. Right now, there is a lot of interest in Mexico because of the opening of the E&P sector, that is exploration and production, because of the fact that we have had over 70 years of a monopoly of the state oil company, PEMEX, going to be reversed. But that is actually not the biggest issue going on. The bigger issue is the fact that Mexico is going to be importing a lot more natural gas from the United States. I am sure the committee knows that right now, they import about 2 billion cubic feet a day. That number could go up to 5 or 6 billion cubic feet a day within the next 10 years. It is a bigger impact because, two things. One, all this will draw more much gas-fired power generation if the reforms work in the midstream and downstream in Mexico, and we hope that they will. That should result in lower energy prices for the entire economy. We don't know yet if it is 10 percent lower or if it is 30 percent lower, but the impact of that on the Mexican economy competitiveness, this is actually the big picture. It is not so much the oil side, what I am trying to say, it is the gas side and what we are about to do right there. That is a very important factor.    Now, it is said, and it is quite true, that Mexico has substantial natural gas resources, but in this case, the decision that they made was, if they tried to develop their own natural gas resources right now, it is so expensive that it made far more sense to import less expensive U.S. natural gas. That is a choice for competition, it is a choice for competitiveness, and again, if you want to look at it from an energy policy program for the U.S., a tremendous success, because as this goes forward, that competitiveness, that lower price and efficiency is what is going to have a larger impact on the Mexican economy, and a huge contributor to what has already been troubled at times, but a very successful U.S.-Mexican relationship.    So those are the arguments I want to put in front of you. That, one, shale production is not a high-priced phenomenon. Also intrinsic to the supply volumes that we have, which is important, is the competitiveness of that. One, that if it is going to be part of U.S. energy diplomacy initiatives, then that competitiveness needs to continue. That is going to undergird all of that in order for it to be successful. And finally, U.S. infrastructure processes and regulations, naturally, have to be equally competitive in order to allow this to be sustained.    Thank you very much for giving me the time.