    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And we do appreciate you coming and sharing with us today.    In your testimony, Mr. Cox, you were talking about the privatization factor as far as inspection goes and, of course, reading your testimony, obviously, privatization seems to be a big issue. What is the general attitude of the farm community out there about your service versus privatization?    Mr. Allen. And then a decision by the Washington State Department of Agriculture to withdraw its inspectors last year was unfortunate. Can you identify the immediate economic consequences that were felt by the grain trade there----    Mr. Allen. Okay. How much of this goes on as far as the--obviously, we had this situation here, where we only have so much time--and we export a lot of this. What provisions in this new authorization can we use to guard against that sort of thing as far as these unfortunate circumstances?    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Cox.--on the process of how grain is exported from this country, but I do know that there were other companies that had bargained contracts with their unions, and were open for business, and were willing to take that business and to move forward with it.    Mr. Allen. Mr. Winkles, your take on this and as I said, in reauthorization we can deal with these unfortunate delays that, obviously, are penalizing our farmers and those in this industry.    Mr. Allen. Right.    Mr. Winkles.--the business climate. I understand, I believe there was some grain actually had to be moved from----    Mr. Allen. Right.    Mr. Winkles.--one place to another. Transportation of grain is very expensive, and a truck is one of the most expensive ways to move it, and it has the greatest environmental impact, if you would.    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. Right. Thank you, Mr. Winkles.    I yield back the remainder of my time, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman from Georgia.    And we will recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott. I will just say that Georgia is very well represented on this Committee.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Absolutely. We take care of business in Georgia.    Voice. How did I get ahead of Mr. Scott?    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. It is wonderful to be here.    Mr. David Cox, you represent the American Federation of Government Employees as the President of that union, and you represent the grain inspectors, so I want to direct this question at you. The last reauthorization of the U.S. Grain Standards Act was in 2005, and there was a study commissioned to assess the impact of using private contractors to conduct export grain inspections. Now, I reviewed that report in great detail and I noticed something. I noticed that the study concluded that, ``that the use of private contractors did not demonstrate additional savings or efficiencies that would enhance the competitiveness of U.S. grain exports in the global market.'' I found the report to be pretty thorough and well put together, but I would like to give you a moment, as the President of the union that represents the grain inspectors, a moment to add any additional thoughts you might have to that conclusion in that study.