    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Antibiotic resistance is a significant domestic and global threat to both public health and national security, and I am glad we are taking the opportunity to examine this issue. I want to begin by emphasizing that antibiotics are incredibly valuable tools that have made once-fatal infections easily treatable, and antibiotics have transformed our health care system.    But as the use of antibiotics has spread, the threat posed by antibiotic-resistant bacteria or superbugs has grown. For that effective, coordinated, and decisive government action, we risk entering into a post-antibiotic world where common infections could once again become life-threatening.    The recent discovery of the MCR-1 gene on a colistin-resistant strain of the E. coli bacteria signals that this day is closer than it has ever been before. We see alarming statistics about the rates of overprescribing of antibiotics both for unnecessary and inappropriate use. At the same time, we have seen that drug manufacturers are unable to produce enough new drugs to meet this threat. There is no question that our arsenal of effective antibiotics is dangerously low today as a result of antibiotic resistance, and it is a dire situation.    That said, I am encouraged by the attention and funding we have placed on antibiotic resistance in recent years. Last year, the White House unveiled its National Action Plan for Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria, which sets forth ambitious goals to fight antibiotic resistance. All the agencies before us today play critical roles in that effort. In fiscal year 2016, we are devoting over $830 million to fighting antibiotic resistance, and President Obama has requested $1.1 billion towards this effort for fiscal year 2017. And these are important investments.    But in order for us to effectively address antibiotic resistance we need to make this a priority for the foreseeable future. This is not an issue we can address for a few years and then ignore. Antibiotic resistance is a reality of nature. Bacteria begin to mutate and develop resistance as soon as a new antibiotic begins to be used. We must develop long-term strategies and guarantee long-term funding to fight antibiotic resistance, and once we have begun implementing those strategies and ramping up funding, we must follow through on our commitments.    It is also important to emphasize that this is a global threat. It is not enough to address resistance here in the United States and hope that it will keep us protected. And from a global perspective, we must recognize that we are only as strong as our weakest link. In some places, antibiotics are used sparingly in the United States are available over the counter. In many countries, a lack of hygiene, sanitation, and basic infection control in medical settings results in increased antibiotic consumption.    If we do not want these superbugs here in the United States, we need to stop them from developing both here and abroad, and we must also improve global surveillance of antibiotic-resistant bacteria and antibiotic consumption. Stopping the spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria is a global threat, and therefore, solutions must be global in nature.    So I just want to thank the witnesses, look forward to the promising work at each of your agencies and how we in Congress can be your partners in moving forward. And I yield my remaining time to Mr. Green of Texas.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask each of you a question about investment in fighting antibiotic resistance, so I am going to go through quickly so I can get to each of you.    In the last few years, we have seen increased investment in this fight. The President released the National Action Plan for Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria in March of last year with ambitious goals for many Federal departments and agencies. And I am encouraged by the over $830 million we directed toward this effort in fiscal year 2016. And the President, as you know, has requested $1.1 billion for fiscal year 2017 for antibiotic resistance.    So let me start with Dr. Bell. In your prepared testimony, you noted that CDC has received $160 million in fiscal year 2016 to implement the National Action Plan noting that, ``These resources are transforming how our nation tackles and slows antibiotic resistance comprehensively, efficiently, and systematically.''    So just tell me, how will the increased investment requested for the next fiscal year build on this capacity, and why is sustained investment critically important to our success in combating antibiotic resistance?    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. Dr. Dixon, in your testimony you noted that the additional funding for fiscal year 2016 has been instrumental to NIH efforts. Again, why is sustained investment in fighting antibiotic resistance critical to your agency?    Mr. Pallone. Well, thank you. So, Dr. Hatchett, you work with industry to bring new antibiotics to market. How is sustained investment important to your work, and what message does that send to your private partners? The same question.    Mr. Pallone. Sure. Sure.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. I am out of time for you, Dr. Woodcock. Sorry. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.