    Secretary Lew. Thank you very much, Chairman Crenshaw, Ranking Member Serrano, members of the committee. I appreciate this opportunity to testify on the Treasury's 2017 budget request.    Thank you for the kind words, Congressman Serrano, but as I hope you can understand, I look forward 10 months from now living full-time in the Bronx again.    Since my testimony last year, our economy has continued its record breaking streak of private sector job creation, which has reached 6 consecutive years, and 14.3 million jobs. Over the last 2 years, we have experienced the strongest job creation since the late 1990s. At 4.9 percent, the unemployment rate is half of its 2009 peak, and we continue on a sound fiscal path from fiscal year 2009 to 2015. The deficit as a share of gross domestic product (GDP) fell by almost three-quarters from roughly 10 percent to 2-and-a-half percent.    And Mr. Chairman, I appreciate your comments about the performance of the budget during the years that I was OMB director in the 1990s, and I did, in 2001, project a surplus of over $5 trillion for the upcoming 10-year period. Obviously policies changed after that, and when I came back to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), it was a very different situation because the money had been spent on things like tax cuts, and new benefits, and wars, and then we had a financial crisis. What this administration has done is put our country back on a path of fiscal responsibility, and I look forward to having a chance to discuss that.    The passage of the Omnibus spending bill in December has helped really build on the momentum in our economy now. It has really contributed to economic growth, and it has also helped us rebuild our international leadership. The agreement, I think in another way, demonstrates that we still have the capacity of finding common ground on difficult issues. It lays the foundation for addressing some of our long-term challenges, but there is a lot of work that still remains, and that is why this year's budget includes critical investments in both our domestic and national security programs.    Treasury's 2017 budget makes investments in cybersecurity and infrastructure and financial intelligence activities, including efforts that are directed at ISIL. It also includes strategic investments in the IRS so that the agency can return to providing the level of customer service and privacy protection that Americans expect and deserve. It is important to investments in America's small businesses, in distressed communities, to help grow the economy and ensure that all Americans benefit from growth.    Finally, the 2017 Treasury budget makes a number of investments to support the ability of both our domestic and international offices to further Treasury's mission.    Cybersecurity is an urgent challenge facing the country and the Treasury Department. Our budget proposes a new $110 million department-wide cybersecurity investment account to enhance information technology (IT) management across our bureaus and improve our ability to protect against, and respond to, cyber threats.    The proposed investments will enhance electronic authentication procedures for access to Treasury digital services, expand existing security systems on internal networks and public websites, and safeguard data across the Department.    The fiscal year 2017 budget also includes strategic investments in the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to improve service to tens of millions of taxpayers, to reduce the deficit through more effective tax administration, and to provide privacy protections that Americans expect and deserve.    I appreciate the increase provided by Congress in fiscal year 2016, but as many of you are aware, the IRS remains severely underfunded. Despite its crucial role and growing responsibilities, the IRS budget is nearly $1 billion lower than it was in fiscal year 2010, while the volume of income tax return filings has increased by nearly 7 percent. Budget reductions at the IRS cost the country billions of dollars each year in lost revenue, contribute to inadequate customer service for taxpayers, and leave necessary cybersecurity protections underfunded.    A sustained deterioration in taxpayer service, combined with diminished enforcement capacity, could create serious long-term risks for the U.S. tax system. Our request provides a $530 million increase above the 2016 enacted levels. With these investments, the IRS will increase staffing for traditional taxpayer services, improve the quality of assistance available to taxpayers, who call the IRS, and bolster defenses against stolen identity refund fraud.    In fiscal year 2015, full year telephone level of service plunged to just 38 percent. With the additional funding that we received in 2016, we expect to reach 47 percent this year, and with full funding in the 2017 budget, we could bring that level back to 70 percent.    The budget also invests in new IT architecture that will enable the IRS to continue to modernize and secure its online services, and provide taxpayers with an experience comparable to what they have come to expect from financial institutions. Treasury's request also proposes an additional $515 million increase through a program integrity cap adjustment, to increase enforcement of current tax laws, investigate transnational organized crime, root out abusive tax schemes, and enforce the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).    These targeted investments are expected to return roughly $6 to the government for every $1 invested and reduce the deficit by $46 billion over a 10-year budget window. In fiscal year 2017, Treasury outlined key investments in evidence-based programs that will support America's small businesses, working families, and distressed communities.    I would like to focus on one in particular. I share the concerns that Congressman Serrano raised with regard to Puerto Rico. I very much appreciate the committee's inclusion of technical assistance authority for Puerto Rico in last year's funding bill, but more does need to be done. Puerto Rico's economy continues to suffer. Its unemployment remains above 12 percent. Its debt is unsustainable, and out migration continues to accelerate.    The administration has proposed a comprehensive plan to address Puerto Rico's financial challenges, and we encourage Congress to act with the haste that this crisis requires with legislation that will allow financial restructuring along with new oversight, neither of which cost any taxpayer dollars.    The budget also proposes a $600 million annual allotment index to inflation to create a refundable locally administered Earned Income Tax Credit for residents of Puerto Rico. Unlike Americans living in the 50 States and the District of Columbia, residents of Puerto Rico are not eligible for the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), and it would increase employment in Puerto Rico's formal economy, as well as improve the Commonwealth's tax compliance and tax revenue.    Finally, the fiscal year 2017 Treasury budget makes a number of investments to support the ability in both our domestic and international offices to further Treasury's mission. While not under this subcommittee's particular jurisdiction, I want to highlight Treasury's international programs budget request. It provides a cost-effective way to promote international financial stability and to continue U.S. leadership in international development, advance national security, and expand export markets for American businesses.    In closing, I want to take the opportunity to thank the talented team of public servants at the Treasury Department. I am proud to represent them here today, and on behalf of these hard working men and women, I want to say how much we appreciate the continued support of this committee.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to your questions.    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, the goal of FSOC is to keep an eye on risks to financial stability and to, when necessary, designate firms for a level of scrutiny that is appropriate to the level of risk that they present.    Since we talked last year about this, and we have had some conversations in the middle, we have actually taken steps to provide more information earlier in the process to entities that are being reviewed. We have very intense back and forth conversations with them. They know exactly what the analysis is. They present a lot of information, and there are not dozens or hundreds of nonbank designations.    There is less than 10, and they are firms that are very large firms. They are amongst the largest financial institutions in the world. And I think we ought to remember that the financial crisis didn't begin exclusively in regulated banks. It actually had its roots, in part, in some nonbank financial institutions like AIG, which was designated early on in the process.    We have gone through the process listening and learning as we go along. I think we have been very prudent and made only a very small number of designations, because this is not an authority that should be seen as potentially a risk to small institutions that do not present the kind of financial stability risks that FSOC was meant to keep an eye on.    I am happy to continue the conversation. Obviously, FSOC is still a young organization. I think it has performed very well and very prudently, and I think we are in a better place today because we have more visibility into these very significant institutions that are now scheduled to be reviewed in an appropriate way.    Secretary Lew. Yeah, that----    Secretary Lew. So I think the way the process works, there is a great deal of visibility into what the analysis is, and in each of the firms that have been designated, the issues are core to what the businesses are. So it is not as if they are small kind of bolt-on businesses that if you sold this small business, it would change the fundamental shape of the firm.    I do not think that there is a mystery as to why the firms were designated. Some firms may choose to restructure their business activity because it is in their business interest to do so. We already have seen one of the designated firms, though they have made the case that it is not at all because of a desire to get out of the SIFI designations, but because of a core business decision, to separate, become a manufacturing company, not a financial services company. That will be reviewed by FSOC fully and transparently to the company in the next year's review, if those transactions go forward.    So I do not think there is a lack of transparency or lack of information. What I think we do have to be careful about is creating more procedural hoops and potential delays. It is roughly a 4-year process from the beginning to the end for a designation.    I think that a financial crisis does not give you 10 or 20 years of warning. I think we have a process that is very deliberative, very thoughtful, very iterative, and interactive with the parties that are being reviewed, and I would be very cautious before putting any overlay of new procedural requirements that become the basis for delay or prolonging the process.    There is one party that has challenged the designation in court. That will be resolved by a court. That is how the law was set up, and the court will decide. But I think to add additional procedural hoops would frankly put us at risk of missing a target for designation when it is timely to prevent a problem.    As I said in my initial response, it is not like there are dozens or hundreds of firms that are on the edge of being designated. This has been used very judiciously for only the very largest firms, and it is a very long process that permits a great deal of visibility by the party that ultimately is subject to review.    Secretary Lew. Yeah.    Secretary Lew. There is an annual review of each designation based on submissions made by the designated firm, and that is a real review, so----    Secretary Lew. No one has been undesignated, but I think that there is a full understanding that if there is a material change in the business plan, then the basis for being reviewed and for the designation being reviewed is very real. We have not seen something come up for review where there has been a significant change in the business plan. I anticipate that that may well happen in the coming period of time.    It is not our job to decide what the size of the firm should be. That is a business decision the firm makes. If their level of risk goes down, on review, and they don't meet the threshold, that is a basis for deciding the designation should not go forward.    So we do not start out with a desire to have more firms designated. We start out with the mission mandated by the act, for us to look at whether there are significant risks to the financial stability, and if so, to make the appropriate designations.    I think that it has been used in a very cautious way, and it is something that we can be proud that we have now created the ability to see what is going on at firms that are large and have that kind of systemic impact. If firms change their business plan and they are no longer presenting that kind of a profile, we would review it and make a different judgment, but that is really--that is the process.    It exists, and I don't know whether it will be in my tenure, because we are in the last year, but I have full expectation that if there is a major change of business plan, it would be reviewed, and that determination could go one way or the other.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, as you know, before that authority----    Secretary Lew. Congressman, my view, and the view of the President is that we are talking about what happens to 3-and-a-half million American citizens, many of whom are veterans, many of whom have served their country, all of whom deserve the same attention that Americans living on the mainland do, and that is how I have approached it, in terms of what resources we put into dealing with it.    Before the law was passed, we were working closely with Puerto Rico for quite a period of time, informally advising them, but doing it within the limits of what we could do with an authority that did not give us the ability to provide them, kind of in-place technical advisers. I think that was helpful to them, but frankly, they had a need for more.    Since the law was enacted, we have assigned technical advisers, the kinds of people that we use in our international programs in the Office of Technical Assistance who are very skilled at going into a government, seeing where problems are, helping to design solutions, train people to do the work, and then leave, and leave in place an infrastructure that is stronger.    As I travel around the world, I cannot tell you how much praise I hear for the work that those folks do. Now, Puerto Rico is part of our country, so this is not an international program. We did not have the authority to send people into a subdivision of the United States. The law gave us that ability. We now have a team there that is working on a range of issues, including revenue collection, including keeping their books in a way that is more straightforward, and we are looking for opportunities of how to expand it.    In general, these are small teams. You know, you go to a foreign country and we will have 2 or 3 people there, and they do an enormous amount of work. This is something we are dedicating the resources that we need, and we will find the people as the needs expand.    I have a lot of confidence that we will do good constructive work, but I do not want to suggest that technical assistance alone can solve the problem. There is a deep problem in Puerto Rico right now, which is one of insolvency. There is more debt than the Commonwealth can repay. The Commonwealth's budget is heavily burdened by debt payments and healthcare payments, and that is why the proposals we made on Medicaid reimbursement are so important.    The time-critical issue right now is that in May and July, Puerto Rico faces very large bond payments, which they do not appear to us to be able to meet. Action needs to be taken in a timely way, so that in the May, June, July period, we do not see a disorderly unwinding of Puerto Rico. Not only will that endanger the well-being of 3.5 million Americans, but it puts at risk all the bondholders who will not benefit if the island does not have money to pay back their obligations.    So an orderly workout process, with an oversight authority, is critically important. I appreciate the Speaker's commitment to have action taken in the first quarter of the year. We have been working closely with everyone on this, but the time to act is now.    Secretary Lew. Well, since the end of last year, we have provided technical assistance to any committee of Congress that was looking to deal with the problem, the crisis in Puerto Rico. I just have to say, the crisis is not a future one. It is a present one. Right now schools are closing, hospital wings are closing, millions of people are looking at whether they can leave the island. It is at a rate that is not sustainable. The economy will just be destroyed if people leave at the rate that they are leaving, and we are providing technical support.    We cannot write the law. The committees will have to write the law. I certainly hope that the process leads, in the next weeks, to the kind of process that all stakeholders can trust as being fair. We have never advocated a one-size-fits-all approach. We understand that there are different interests that have to be balanced, but it has to be informed by legislation because there is no structure for the orderly restructuring of Puerto Rico's debt.    It does not have bankruptcy protection. There is nothing in the contracts that provides for it. This would go through the courts, and it would take 5 or 10 years to be resolved, and in that time, Puerto Rico's economy would just be destroyed.    Secretary Lew. I have to say, Congressman, having talked to probably over 100 Members of Congress, since November, on Puerto Rico, the level of urgency that I perceive today is much broader on both sides of the aisle. There is an understanding that these May and June payments are just not manageable. Obviously, the challenge is getting through the congressional process with something that can get bipartisan support. I hope that that can be achieved within the next few weeks.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, if I could just----    Secretary Lew . Respond quickly.    Secretary Lew. We have been working on asset managers for quite a while now in FSOC. We started out by reviewing individual firms. We made the decision that what we really needed to do was look at activities that presented risk. We are continuing that. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has some draft rules out. Our analysis is obviously going to take cognizance of the work that the SEC is doing.    But the questions that we have to ask are: Is the migration of enormous amounts of financial resources into whether it is, mutual funds, or hedge funds, or other kinds of nontraditional financial institutions, creating the kinds of risks that could lead to real financial stability questions? That is the question we are asking.    Secretary Lew. The financial crisis was not good for people's----    Secretary Lew. And that is probably----    Secretary Lew. And that is what we have to try to avoid.    Secretary Lew. We are not trying to punish anyone----    Secretary Lew. We are trying to make sure they do not get punished----    Secretary Lew. We do not have a plan, so it is not like----    Secretary Lew . I am sitting here advocating something. The question is when we have to ask----    Secretary Lew. Yeah.    Secretary Lew. There are conversations going on now, as there always are, when there are subpoenas' between counsel, and they are trying to work through these issues.    Secretary Lew. No, I said we are engaged in a process with the committee.    Secretary Lew. As always, there are questions of what is appropriate, and that is what the counsels are working through.    Secretary Lew. Well, we only commit to doing what is appropriate.    Secretary Lew. I will have to check with counsel where we are right now in the process.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, there are conversations going on now, as they always do, when there are requests like this, and when there are subpoenas. I am not going to answer a hypothetical. We hope----    Secretary Lew. Well, we have discussions going on.    Secretary Lew. Right.    Secretary Lew. The outcome----    Secretary Lew. Based on the outcome of those conversations, we will take appropriate actions.    Secretary Lew. Well, I----    Secretary Lew. Yeah. And that is why----    Secretary Lew. The appropriate place for that conversation to take place is where it is taking place. We are trying to resolve these issues. I certainly am hopeful that we will be able to resolve them. I just cannot respond to a hypothetical.    Secretary Lew. Good to be here.    Secretary Lew. So, Congressman, we, as you know, have continued to maintain all the non-nuclear sanctions, even after Iran complied with the nuclear agreement, so the sanctions on terrorism, the sanctions on regional destabilization, the sanctions on human rights violations remain in effect.    Treasury has the responsibility to implement many of those sanctions, and we have continued to review, in each area, to identify and designate parties. We have designated a number of parties involved with Hezbollah. We are continuing to look at these activities. As we build a record that warrants designation, we will continue to take actions.    The nuclear agreement was very important. It set back Iran's development of a nuclear weapons program, and I think, has greatly added to the security of both the United States and the world. But Iran still engages in very malign activities, including support of terrorists. We will continue to find the places where we have the ability to take action.    I would just note that even when the most severe nuclear sanctions were in place, it was very difficult to stop the flow of all money to terrorists and to regional destabilization, and we are going to continue to work on it as we did before.    Secretary Lew. Well, look, we have an excellent group of intelligence analysts and investigators who, I think, do just an incredibly good job. They punch way above their weight. They are broadly respected in the national security community for that. They can only operate based on information that they have access to.    It is hard information to get. It requires a cooperation with our broader intelligence community, which is very good, very strong, and people work day and night and weekends. They are committed. There is a passion in our team.    Secretary Lew. Well, actually very little of the money has flowed back to Iran at this point. It is something that we hear from both Iran and other countries about, that banks around the world are being very slow to respond to requests for money that is freed up. So the pace has not been a rapid one.    The amount, as you noted, is much smaller than the kind of headline number because there is only about $58 billion of the roughly $100 billion that is theoretically available that could go back to Iran, because it is tied up overseas in ways that it cannot be released. Iran's own estimate is more like $30 billion than $50 billion, and very little of that has flowed back at this point.    They have enormous domestic needs in Iran. When they talk about resuming oil production at historic levels, they are going to have to spend a huge amount of money rebuilding their infrastructure for them to get back even close to old levels of production. They have been withholding salaries in sensitive areas like military salaries because they have been strapped for cash.    All evidence we have is that they are still under enormous financial stress. So I think, that the first dollars that go back, there are going to be a lot of domestic demands, so the money will not just flow into malign purposes. But I have to go back to what I said. Even when they were under the most severe nuclear sanctions, they were still finding resources to put in to support terrorism and regional destabilization, so I do not think we can assume that is going to stop, but I do not think it is going to grow to a level that is materially different than where it was, and we are going to do our level best to shut down the way the money flows to support terrorism as we have been doing over time.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, we share the view that community banks are very important to our communities, and I think the history here goes back before the financial crisis. There had been a pattern of consolidation beginning, and it has continued. Some of it has to do with the structure of the industry.    I think if you look at the whole range of prudential regulators, they have each taken a view that there should not be a one-size-fits-all approach, that where there are differences that are material because of size, there ought to be a recognition of that, and the flexibility that is built into many of the statutes should be exercised.    I think that when it gets to issues of consumer protection, some of them are not size specific. I mean, to the extent that there is a clear way to put into plain English what a mortgage looks like so people know what they are signing, it is not a big or a small bank issue.    The capital requirements for small banks, community banks are not the same as they are for large institutions, and we have been open to ideas like having less frequent reviews of smaller banks because we do understand that there are differences.    I have to say, in all candor, that there are a lot of large financial institutions that kind of present themselves as if they are community banks, and they are not. There have been proposals, for example, to change the threshold for enhanced prudential standards to $500 billion. That is not a small bank, and I think you know that. So we have to be really talking about small banks when we are talking about community banks.    Secretary Lew. Sure.    Secretary Lew. I would be happy to respond.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think the economy is in far better shape than you have just described. I think that we are seeing very strong consumer demand, we are seeing housing come back, we are seeing job growth at very sustained, strong levels.    We have a lot more work to do, but when it comes to our fiscal condition, you cannot compare where we are today to where we were 7 years ago, when we had a financial crisis and a recession driving the deficit, after a period of just building it up through policy decisions, and we have reduced the deficit from 10 to 2.5 percent of GDP.    Secretary Lew. So, Congressman, if you look at the trajectory under our budget, even under the baseline for the next 10 years, we have restored stability to a situation that was out of control.    There is much more policy that needs to be discussed. It is not all mandatory spending. There are tax issues as well. We have done a lot to reduce the deficit. We have reduced discretionary spending. We have solved some of the tax problems, though not all of them. While I know we do not agree on the Affordable Care Act, through the Affordable Care Act we reduced spending on healthcare programs.    So we have done a lot over these 7 years. We now have a foundation to work together. If we could get into a space for a bipartisan conversation like we had in the 1990s, perhaps we can make more progress----    Secretary Lew. If I can just take 30 seconds.    Secretary Lew. I have spent most of my professional life trying to point this country in the right direction on a fiscal path. I presided over three surplus budgets. No other living budget director, no past budget director can say that. I understand the importance in the right time of having a balanced budget.    Right now if you asked me what is the most critical thing for the economic future of this country, it would be getting a bipartisan consensus on things like building infrastructure, dealing with immigration reform, doing the things that would build the foundation of our economy. Those are immediate pressing needs. I actually think we have some time to deal with these other issues.    Certainly there is more work to do on the entitlement side, there is more work to do on the tax side. I think we have gone too far on the appropriations side. It was meant to trigger action on the other issues. It has incrementally had that effect. That is how we got an agreement last year and 2 years ago.    So I think if you look at where we have come over the last 5 years, in pieces we have put together many of the elements of what was once called a grand bargain. We have more work to do. We do have more work to do. But I think we are in a very strong place going forward.    Secretary Lew. Thank you.    Secretary Lew. I am happy to.    Data localization is something that as a general principle we have opposed in trade agreements. In things like electronic payments, I put an enormous effort into making sure there were not data localization provisions, because it was pure and simple a trade barrier. It was either making it more expensive for a firm from the United States to do business there or it was a way to create local jobs, but it was not appropriate.    In the case of financial services and prudential regulation, there is a very difficult issue, and it is one that I think there is a reason to be cautious on. That is, that prudential regulators need access to information in a timely way, and our experience has been that there have been moments, particularly in moments of crisis, when prudential regulators could not get the information they needed from international sources.    Because we have a principled position that data localization in general is bad, we are working to see if there is a way to thread this needle to make sure that the prudential concerns can be addressed without having it become something that could become a real problem for financial services companies.    It is a hard needle to thread. The regulators are focused on it. We are trying to find a pathway there. And I have put a fair amount of my own effort into trying to make sure that it is taken very seriously.    Secretary Lew. So, first we have to separate TPP from some kind of future policy. TPP is locked, and what you can do to change TPP, obviously, is very limited. There is the possibility of having some kind of side agreement, but I do not want to exaggerate what can be done with the 11 countries in     We are looking to see is there something, particularly going forward, that would inform future discussions on things like the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) and any other binational trade agreements, and that is where the vast number of countries would come into play.    It is a complicated issue, so I am going to be cautious rather than being overly optimistic. But I can tell you that I have gotten the attention of all the regulators, they are looking at this, they are trying to find a way to thread the needle, and we are going to do the very best we can to work it through.    Secretary Lew. Well, I actually do not think that it is true that they are all coming up with their own solution. There has been a broad embrace of the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) standards as being best practice, and there is a lot of coordination and discussion not to have conflicting standards.    I think where the question comes up is each prudential regulator has its own supervisory approach, and how you take the standards and apply them in a supervisory context is something that is historically a challenge to coordinate, because each has slightly different parameters.    There are conversations going on to try and do as much as can be done to deconflict there. I have asked my deputy secretary, Sarah Bloom Raskin, to take the lead for Treasury coordinating the cyber issues across the Department. She has put an enormous amount of time and energy into working both within the Department, where we have very substantial concerns, but also across the regulatory community. We get very senior-level participation in these coordinating meetings, and we now have legislation that gives us the ability to work more with the community outside the private sector.    So it is a concern that we share. I cannot tell you that there will be no differences between how different prudential regulators do their oversight of banks, but there is very much an attempt to get best practices.    Secretary Lew. That is certainly where the goal is, to have as close to single standards as possible. We do not get to impose on prudential regulators their standards. It is really what they do by reference to a single standard like the NIST standard.    Secretary Lew. It is a serious question, and I appreciate it.    Secretary Lew. Part of the challenge is there is not a one-size-fits-all approach, because different platforms have different characteristics and requirements. So I think there will be inherent differences. The question is, do they all reference back to the same kind of core principles, which I believe they do, and if they do not, we need to keep working on it.    There will be differences. Securities and banks have different systems because they do different things. So I do not want to suggest that we would have some arbitrary one-size-fits-all approach, that would not make sense. But the goal is to have as little conflict as possible.    Secretary Lew. So, again, as I responded earlier, we have conversations going on with the committee, our counsel and their counsel, and we are continuing to hope to resolve these issues.    Secretary Lew. So I do not want to pretend to be deeply familiar with every request. I have to get back to you on that.    Secretary Lew. I mean, our general approach is always to work with the committee and try and find an appropriate accommodation. But I will check on that.    Secretary Lew. Well, obviously, I have testified widely on the subject, including here this morning, and we work with the committees to try and provide appropriate information.    Secretary Lew. So I am really going to have to just say we are leaving these discussions to the appropriate conversation between lawyers.    Secretary Lew. I am sorry. I did not understand that last question.    Secretary Lew. So, Congressman, all of these requests are going through a process where lawyers are working through them. I will have to check on that specific request. I have not looked at it recently.    Secretary Lew. Yeah.    Secretary Lew. Well, look, I have always endeavored in my many decades of doing this to try and be responsive and to reach an accommodation that gives committees material that is appropriate. There are some materials that are not appropriate to be provided, for a variety of reasons. It depends on what the particular material is. So that is why I am avoiding giving an answer that would be very general.    Secretary Lew. I think congressional oversight is an important function. We endeavor to provide appropriate information to support congressional oversight and we certainly look for a relationship of comity with the committees that we deal with. So we always endeavor to work through these issues.    Sometimes there is a request for information that is not appropriate to provide, and we have in the past always been able to work through those issues. Obviously, Congress has some remedies of its own, and then there are issues of privilege that can sometimes be invoked. But it always depends on the circumstances, so there is not a general answer.    Secretary Lew. We have very much direct responsibility. We and the Fed together work on the design of our currency to make sure that it is as difficult as possible to counterfeit. That is where the technology comes in. We work with the Secret Service, who do the principal investigation when there are counterfeiting events. I think it is at the highest level of importance that we maintain the integrity of our currency and we put all the attention that it requires into it.    Secretary Lew. I wish there were only one.    Secretary Lew. I would be happy to, Mr. Chairman.    Obviously, when the Secret Service was under the Treasury Department we had more direct accountability for their resources and they would do the investigations.    I can tell you that we are trying to stay ahead of counterfeiters. As we look at the next generation of currency, we are looking at new kinds of technology that will make it even harder to counterfeit. We obviously are going to have to stay a step ahead, because it is a world where counterfeiters are out there.    Secretary Lew. I will follow up on that.    Secretary Lew. So, Congressman, we obviously are looking at many ways that ISIL will get money and we are trying to shut down every path that we can identify.    Let me take a more general approach to the question of Bitcoin. It is in that area of financial technology that captures people's imagination because it has the possibility of creating easier ways to do business in the future. We have from the start said that we do not want to be anti-technology. The things that will create the right platforms for the 21st century will come out of disruptively changing ideas.    On the other hand, we have to hold a new system, a new platform like Bitcoin to the same standards we hold traditional financial products. We track cash because cash can be used anonymously to support illegal or malign activities. Our Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN), which is part of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence (TFI), right from the beginning laid out criteria that we need to keep an eye on what is going on in Bitcoin that is fully consistent with the way we approach both formal banking and cash.    It is challenging, and I am not going to suggest that there are not threats there. There are real threats there. But our team is on top of it and, I think, very much looking to see what do we need to do to make sure that it does not become a funding stream to support bad actors.    With regard to ISIL, we have taken dramatic actions to try and shut down formal banking in areas that they control, working with the Government of Iraq. We have taken military action to set back their ability to generate revenue through oil development and shipping. We have worked to shut down the flow of salaries into territories they control.    So we are doing everything we can. They are stressed. You can see it in the fact that they are having trouble paying their soldiers. But that is not good enough. We have to keep at it until we really dial back their ability to promote the kind of terror that they are all about.    Secretary Lew. Thank you. We, in just December, had a meeting at the U.N. Security Council, the first time in the history of the Security Council that finance ministers met in the Security Council. I chaired the meeting, because it was our Presidency, and we unanimously passed a resolution to treat ISIL the same way we treat Al Qaeda and to get the whole world to say they are going to cooperate.    A lot of countries do not have the kind of resources that we have in TFI. One of the things we have to do is help them build that, and our technology assistance and technical assistance program and working with international organizations to do that is part of what this is about.    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Lew. Well, first, I want to go back to first principles. I am not sure that the linkage is as clear as some people have argued that it is. We are at a time of an inflection point, in many ways, in the economy. We are leaving a period of historically low interest rates and low volatility. We are seeing markets evolve in a way that there are more and more nontraditional and electronic participants in the market with huge volumes. We have also seen corporate bond issuance surge in recent years, and there has been quite rapid growth of the asset management industry. So there is a lot changing in the financial landscape.    Now, on top of that, we have had new regulatory requirements put in place, and I have said before that we will continue to look at whether there are unintended consequences there. I think that many have jumped prematurely to a conclusion that that is the case.    I will give you an example. When there was the round trip on October 15, a year and a half ago, where the market went up and down very quickly, for weeks people were saying that was a result of liquidity caused by regulation.    We went back and did very careful analysis. We had all the different regulators who had different pieces of visibility work together, and that is not the conclusion that you reach when you study the data. You see that there were very dramatic moves in high-frequency trading that had a distorting effect.    You are seeing things happen, which I do not have the full explanation for, but in asset management funds closing positions at the end of the day algorithmically.    So there is a lot going on.    What we have done through financial reform is we have put a foundation that is solid underneath our financial system. So right now when you have a period like January and February with volatile markets, there was a lot of confidence in the integrity of the U.S. financial system. That is of enormous benefit.    So we have to keep an eye on whether there is spillover effect. To the extent that there is a lack of liquidity for high-risk products, that is different than if there is a more general liquidity issue for prime corporate----    Secretary Lew. There are also different ways of defining liquidity.    Secretary Lew. I am not dismissing the question.    Secretary Lew. No. I think it was a general proposition that was the case. There were some things during the pre-crisis period, one could argue there was too much liquidity in some high-risk markets, there was overleverage. But that is not what you are asking about.    Secretary Lew. So, look, I think that in terms of markets, the question is can you match up buyers and sellers in real time for securities, for stocks and bonds.    Secretary Lew. No, we look very much particularly at home ownership. I have said many times that the credit box shrunk more than regulators meant for it to. You look at what banks are doing, they are not operating at the outer limits of what regulators think is a comfortable place to lend. You look at the FICO scores for loans, they are too high, where you kind of gap out and you cannot get mortgages.    The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) is looking at some things that they can do to try and provide some clarity there. I believe they may have even put out something this week.    So those issues are very much in our focus. That is different than a broad question of market liquidity. So it is important to define what it is, which piece you are talking about.    Secretary Lew. I think creditworthy individuals and businesses should have access to credit.    Secretary Lew. There are some issues that have arisen in terms of how legal matters are resolved, the aftermath and the derisking that is taking place in the financial sector, where we are seeing financial businesses withdraw from areas that they are just deciding are not worth being in because they see risk and they do not see a lot of benefit.    We are putting a lot of attention into that, frankly, whether it is individuals in the United States or countries that we want to have commercial relationships with the United States. We are not in a better place if people and countries are cut out of the formal financial system, but firms do have to have an idea of what do they need to do to comply reasonably with all of the standards that are out there. That is something we are putting a great deal of effort into in our last year.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, we have as recently as yesterday taken a series of actions to try, within the fairly tight boundaries of law, to open up more contact between the American people and the Cuban people, to create a basis for driving change in Cuba by having the influence that we have when people get to know us and our values and our standards.    Yesterday, we eased up on some travel restrictions, we eased up on some financing restrictions. We have done everything consistent with the laws that, as I say, circumscribe how much we can do. So I would not describe where we are as normal commercial relations, normal in any way.    We are seeing an increase in activity. That is a good thing. I believe that if you look at the history of the last 50 years, it has not worked, cutting Cuba off has not worked. It has put us at odds with most countries in our own hemisphere and it has left the Cuban people cut off.    The most positive thing we can do is demonstrate by our example what it is our values are, to have the freedom of business and the freedom of ideas start seeping into a system that has not seen that kind of freedom.    So I do not think there is a disagreement between us and those who oppose our policies on the fact that there is a need for change in Cuba. There is a difference in what we think are the effective means to accomplish that. I think the history does prove that the path we have taken has not worked.    We believe the path that we are embarked on now, subject to the limitations of an embargo and the Libertad Act and all kinds of restrictions, is going to help. With changes of law, it could be done in a much more normal way.    Secretary Lew. Well, I may have. It happened to him.    Secretary Lew. It happened to him. It happens to me on a regular basis when I interact with my counterparts from Latin America. This has been an issue where they have had to be at odds with us, and they are not at odds with us, as much or even at all, because of the changes. I think it is a good thing for the U.S. to be a leader in our hemisphere, and part of being a leader is figuring out how to address issues like this.    There is a lot that needs to change in Cuba, so nothing about this policy embraces practices that need to change. It is really a question of what is the most effective way to accomplish that change, and I think our leadership role in the world and the Western Hemisphere is very important as well.    Secretary Lew. Urban and rural.    Secretary Lew. Yeah. I am a big fan of the CDFI program. I feel like I was present at the creation in the 1990s. I have tried to in my period of time at Treasury nurture it and help it to grow. We have tried to be responsive in areas like the Bank Enterprise Award Program and request the funding level for that important program. I think we have requested a level of funding that will give CDFI the ability to grow and to do well.    Something that we did last year that is very important is we worked to have credit unions qualify as CDFIs, tremendously expanding the base of institutions that are eligible for participation.    As I have traveled around the country and visited CDFIs, one of the things that has been striking to me is that it is not just the direct activities that we fund. We create anchors to bring together a variety of Federal services, local services, to coordinate an economic development engine in a community to help young people find training and jobs. You have to have an anchor, and in a lot of these communities the CDFI-funded organization can be that anchor.    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Congressman.    Secretary Lew. I vote in the Bronx, I pay taxes in the Bronx, I look forward to living there again.    Secretary Lew. Yeah. Thank you for the question. I, while you were out, addressed it, so I apologize for repeating.    But if you look at the report we did on October 15 and the request for information, it outlines the kinds of questions that we have. These are questions. We do not have certainty about what the answers are. And it is quite an important process.    What we have seen is a change in where the level of activity is by kind of firm, kind of activity. The amount of activity that is algorithmically generated, high-frequency trading, for example, it is a very large part of the market.    We are also seeing that funds that move large amounts of securities have activities at the open of the day, the close of the day, that have patterns that seem to be having potentially some impact.    This is important to understand, because this is the plumbing of our financial markets. If the system is changing, we have to ask, whether the things that we have done in the past to make sure you maintain an orderly market and liquidity are appropriate and working.    So we do not start out with an idea that there is something, like, bad that needs to be addressed. We start out with a very complicated evolution of our financial markets that needs to be fully understood. I think Treasury has a responsibility for driving that kind of questioning, which is why we have the request for information out there. I very much look forward to the responses to it.    This is not a case where we are starting out with an answer and looking for a record to support it. This is saying we have now observed a lot of things that suggest there has been dramatic change in the structure of the market. We need to understand that in order to know how to respond.    Secretary Lew. I have not added it up, but I know that we have reduced the growth rate of the debt for 3 quarters.    Secretary Lew. We can get back to you with the answer.    Secretary Lew. I walk around with a lot of numbers in my head.    Secretary Lew. I do not have the number in my head----    Secretary Lew. I know that we have reduced the annual accumulation of debt to a level that is----    Secretary Lew. It has the virtue of being true.    Secretary Lew. There is no doubt that the debt will continue to----    Secretary Lew. It definitely grows and----    Secretary Lew. Obviously, GDP is very large and growing. So if your debt as a percentage of GDP is even flat, it is going to grow by a large number.    Secretary Lew. The question is, what is it as a percentage of GDP that is sustainable?    Secretary Lew. It stays in the 70s, which is higher than it was, but it is not at a record level. And we have long-term challenges ahead of us. But we are not looking at it breaking through a level that is a crisis level.    Secretary Lew. We have more work to do.    Secretary Lew. Absolutely.    Secretary Lew. I wish her a healthy and long life.    Secretary Lew. Well, I think that the time to balance the budget is not now, because I think we have----    Secretary Lew. Yeah. There is a reason that we did not present a balanced budget in the 10-year window. Coming out of the deep, deep recession, we have other much more immediate challenges that I think would help our economy if we dealt with. If you gave me a choice of balancing the budget or rebuilding our infrastructure, it is a more immediate challenge to rebuild our infrastructure.    The ability of our economy to meet the needs of the 21st century is going to be undermined if we do not do that. We have a bit of time to deal with entitlement spending and to deal with taxes in a bipartisan way.    Look, I have been part of bipartisan budget deals over a period of four decades. The right way to do this is through a bipartisan conversation where we agree on the need to protect senior citizens, where we agree on the need to have a fair and more simple tax system, and where we have an honest discussion about what the tradeoffs are.    The last few years have not given rise to the kind of grand bargain, but over a period of years we have taken incremental steps that have gotten us a long way there. We went a little too hard on discretionary spending. I thought so at the time. Now I think things like the budget agreement put some mandatory savings in to back out some of the discretionary savings.    We did the Affordable Care Act, which did reduce our healthcare spending dramatically, and we did raise taxes, which we thought was necessary, on the people who were most able to pay.    That does not mean we have did it all, but we have done a lot over the last 7 years, and I think there is more to do. I hope that my successor is able to work in an environment where there can be the kind of bipartisan discussion that, frankly, I have tried very hard to foster and have enjoyed being part of in the past.    Secretary Lew. I have young grandchildren.    Secretary Lew. I have always been ready to engage.    I would say that on the tax side, if we could figure out a way to work together to stop inversions, that is something that the American people are offended by on the Democratic and the Republican side alike. We find it wrong, and we know how to stop it. I hope we can at least come together on that.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, with regard to FSOC and OFR, they are funded through the Financial Research Fund, which was established as part of Dodd-Frank as a permanent source of funding. As part of each budget cycle, OFR and FSOC provide the public with detailed information that justifies planned expenditures during the upcoming year. The Financial Research Fund is subject to appropriate internal controls and has been subject to periodic audits.    I think it is important to have these independent regulatory activities funded the way they are funded. That has been a tradition with bank regulators. And I also think it is important that they provide the public with detailed information that shows how they are using the money. We would look forward to working with you to make sure that that happens.    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Lew. And thank you for the cooperative way that you have worked with the Treasury Department to start meeting some of these very important needs.