    Dr. Olds. Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Fattah, and committee members, thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today on this important topic.    My name is Jim Olds, and I am the Assistant Director for Biological Sciences at the National Science Foundation. I am on leave from George Mason University where I am a professor of neuroscience.    Today I will outline the NSF's focus on understanding the brain. I hope to make three overarching points. First, the brain may be the most complicated system that we know of in the universe. It is a big data problem. Second, neurotechnology has advanced neurobiology to the point where we can explore new questions that were previously unapproachable. And, third, understanding the brain is an international effort that is bigger than one country and requires coordinated resources.    Mr. Chairman, historically significant advances in brain research have resulted from broad areas of research in neuroscience and related fields. However, there remains much to be discovered if we are to achieve a comprehensive understanding of how the healthy brain's structural organization and dynamic activities produce cognition and behavior and how the brain can recover functions lost to disease or injury.    Allow me to share one example. The current state-of-the-art, noninvasive functional brain-scanning technology is off by a factor of 1,000 when it comes to resolving the actual neural code of human brains, both in time and space. If we are going to truly understand the brain, we are going to need a next generation of tools that will allow us to resolve brain function at the speed of thought.    In its fiscal year 2016 budget request, NSF initiated ``Understanding the Brain,'' a multiyear effort that combines cognitive science and neuroscience activities with NSF's participation in the BRAIN Initiative.    NSF's overall goal with this activity is to enable the scientific understanding of the full complexity of the brain in action and in context.    Understanding the Brain will draw on existing research investments to foster greater collaboration and to accelerate fundamental research. We will invest in neuroscience, cognitive science, neuroengineering, and the neural bases of learning, and how the brain adapts to changing environments. NSF is requesting $144 million in fiscal year 2016 for investments in Understanding the Brain. This almost doubles NSF's historical investment and builds on $92 million awarded in fiscal year 2014.    In April of 2013, President Obama announced the multi-agency BRAIN Initiative. I know that Congress was very much involved in its creation, and I want to specifically acknowledge and thank this Committee's foresight in this matter.    Since its creation, NSF has targeted significant funding for the BRAIN Initiative. This is an exciting time because neurotechnology advances are allowing us to pursue an understanding of the brain that was opaque to us in the past. NSF is uniquely positioned to advance research on understanding the brain by bringing together a wide range of scientific and engineering disciplines, each of which brings its own unique perspective to the brain challenge.    NSF has consistently been a catalyst for transformative breakthroughs. For instance, I mentioned earlier the limit on functional imaging technology in representing brain activity. Just this past year, NSF funded a novel project to develop a new generation of brain measurement technologies, and if successful, this will transform our ability to observe the dynamic activity in living brains. This is a great example of how rapidly NSF works to accelerate discovery.    In fiscal year 2014, five NSF directorates invested $11 million in 36 highly interdisciplinary proof-of-concept awards called EAGERs that focused on neural circuit function. These strategic investments in fundamental research and infrastructure will transform our understanding of the brain, reveal the neural basis of thought and behavior, and show how to maintain a healthy brain throughout our lives.    To close, I want to note that understanding the brain is an international challenge that is bigger than one country. Just as modern physics needs CERN--the largest particle physics laboratory in the world--neuroscience needs internationally coordinated resources. This includes creating the ability to share the vast amounts of data that will be generated by the challenge.    I thank this committee for recognizing the size of the brain challenge and encouraging NSF to work not only with other agencies, but other nations. NSF will continue to work with multiple partners and stakeholders to address important gaps in our knowledge and to enable scientists working across disciplines, institutions, and nations to collect, share, and analyze the new data that will reveal the biological principles that produce the functioning human brain.    Our goal, as always, is to provide the best possible science for the country. Thank you, again, for the opportunity to testify and for your attention.    Dr. Olds. I would say that we are very good stamp collectors right now and we are working diligently on coming up with a theoretical framing for a rule set for how those 100 billion neurons work with each other.    Dr. Olds. That is accurate. So a simplifying approach to understanding the brain is to take the 100 billion cells and classify them into their different types.    Dr. Olds. And we are in the process of doing that, but----    Dr. Olds . We are not there yet.    Dr. Olds. No. Ten.    Dr. Olds. Correct.    Dr. Olds. So in June we are going to be engaging in something called an ``Ideas Lab'' in collaboration with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute intramural campus at Janelia Farms, just across the river.    Dr. Olds. Janelia Farm of Howard Hughes Medical Institute. It is just north of the Dulles runway.    And the goal of that meeting is to pull together scientists from disparate fields to crack a very simple circuit in the brain, the olfactory circuit. It is one of the most ancient circuits in the brain. It is conserved across evolution.    It is tractable from an engineering standpoint because the sense of smell doesn't go through a relay nucleus like the rest of our sensations do. And the goal is to take a very simple circuit, bring together scientists from a wide variety of disciplines, and crack that simple mechanism.    Dr. Olds. Sure.    Dr. Olds. So the next steps would be to actually understand how more complicated circuits work. This olfactory circuit is a relatively simple one. There are more complicated circuits, such as the mammalian hippocampus, that play a critical role, for example, in Alzheimer's disease.    When we catch Alzheimer's disease, the cells of the hippocampus die, and that is the same circuit that allows us to remember episodic memories, the movie of your life, if you will. That is a devastating symptom.    It is a circuit that we known an awful lot about. The input and outputs are not as well known as with the olfactory circuit, but it is a circuit that is tractable. And it would be a logical next step.    So the goal is to actually develop an understanding of how relatively simple important circuits work in the brain and then bring together that understanding of circuits to actually see how circuits communicate with one another in the brain.    So that yields a road forward where we can actually understand how circuits that actually may be involved in diseases like Alzheimer's or Parkinson's or autism actually, in their communication, go awry and what potential therapeutic strategies might be. But that all starts with an understanding of the healthy brain.    Dr. Olds. So I can give you now ballpark numbers on the number of awards that we have given per year. So from 2009 to 2013, when we were spending approximately $70 million a year, we were making on the order of 150 to 200 awards per year.    In 2014, we awarded in the neighborhood of 250 awards. In 2015, this year, we expect to award something like 300. And if the appropriation that the President requested for 2016 comes through, that would be about 400 awards.    On the number of proposals, I would need to get back to the Committee on that, and I will.    Dr. Olds. I would say we can fund about 20 percent--somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 percent of the proposals.    Dr. Olds. So----    Dr. Olds. So thank you for the question. That is two questions. I am going to answer the first one first and the second one second.    Blue Waters, of course, is one of the most powerful supercomputers in the world and is hosted in Illinois at the National Center for Supercomputing. In the area of neuroscience, it is being used in a number of really exciting areas. One is brain imaging, where it is improving the resolution of blood flow imaging, which is really important in diagnosing stroke and ischemia in the brain.    It is also being used to elucidate the structure of ion channels, which Dr. Hyman mentioned earlier. These are critically important. These ion channels have three-dimensional shapes, which is critical to their function and how they interact with neurotransmitters and drugs. And so Blue Waters is being used for that.    It is also being used to simulate and model the process of vesicle fusion to the membrane presynaptically--that is involved in neurotransmission. If you don't have a neurotransmitter being released from the membrane, then you do not have communication between cells.    And then, to me, one of the most exciting areas that Blue Waters is working on has to do with gene expression in the brain in the context of Alzheimer's disease.    We have been talking about misfolded proteins in Alzheimer's disease, but, really, the important thing to think about Alzheimer's disease is that there are about 8,000 brain-specific genes that are expressed in the brain, and these genes--you can think of their expression across all the brain cells as being a dynamic network which is under exquisite control.    When we are healthy, that network is operating in one mode. When we have a disease like Alzheimer's, it is operating in another mode that may require supercomputing to actually understand. So Blue Waters is being used in that context, and I think that is really important.    Getting back to the question of how we are doing in terms of supercomputing, I would just go back to what Mr. Lynch was talking about.    You know, we have a proof of concept--an existence proof in the human brain--that we can have real high-performance computing, exascale computing, if you will, functioning on 20 watts of electricity.    So there is something about the architecture of what is in here that is fundamentally different from what is in, you know, the laptop computer. If we could understand that, I think it would be a gigantic step forward in terms of having a permanent lead in high-performance computing.    Dr. Olds. So Nicholas Carr wrote an article recently. I think it was called Is Google Ruining Us? And----    Dr. Olds. Right. And----    Dr. Olds. I think that he raised the point that, as we become used to answering questions instantly without thinking about them intellectually, that would change the plasticity of our neural circuits and, potentially, would produce some long-term change.    As I told Mr. Carr at the time he was researching his book, I would be skeptical about that and I think we really need to actually look at the evidence very carefully with regard to long-term changes in human brains as a result of the IT revolution that is going on.    Dr. Olds. I agree.    Dr. Olds. If I may, I think this is an example of why we need research in social, behavioral, and economic sciences as well as the basic biological research, because this is an area, clearly, where we are looking at complex human behavior as it interacts with machines. And that would be SBE.