    Mr. Blasgen. Thank you very much, and good morning, Chairman Pitts and Ranking Member Green, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Rick Blasgen. I am president and chief executive officer of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals representing well over 8,500 members globally. Prior to joining CSCMP I was senior vice president for Integrated Logistics and ConAgra Foods, and in similar positions at Kraft Foods as well as Nabisco. I have been president and CEO of CSCMP since 2005. In this capacity, I serve as the primary issue expert relating to logistics and supply chain management.    I want to thank you very much for inviting me to explain the importance of national labeling frameworks. I will focus my remarks on the costs associated with Vermont's labeling mandate, a law that goes into effect on July 1, 2016, and imposes incalculable burdens on our Nation's largest manufacturing sector.    Grocery manufacturing is a high-volume, low-margin business, and any increase in cost, even by a matter of cents, can substantially affect a manufacturer and its supply chain. The primary cost centers in the supply chain are the cost of source materials, capital, operations, labor, storage, distribution centers, transportation, maintenance, and, of course, fuel. The supply chain for a processed food begins with the raw commodity. The supplier sells the raw food to a manufacturer, and the manufacturer stores the food at the plant until it is processed into its ingredient form. That ingredient may be the final product, such as in cooking oils, or it may be used in products containing multiple ingredients.    Finished goods are sent to a manufacturer's distribution center where they are stored until ready for transport into the customer's distribution center. The customer may be a national or regional chain or a regional distributor that sells to other retail outlets. The customer stores the finished goods at its center and distributes them to its retail outlets where they are sold finally to consumers. A manufacturer typically plans each stage of the supply chain to ensure it is handled as efficiently as possible. The core unit in a grocery manufacturer supply chain is the stock keeping unit, or SKU. This SKU is simply a unique identifying number that applies to each distinctly packaged and marketed product.    A single national SKU facilitates efficient storage, distribution, and inventory tracking. Manufacturers do not create different SKUs for different states. Vermont's legal time clock is ticking, and manufacturers will have to determine which products contain ingredients likely derived from GE crops. Companies will navigate Vermont's exemptions, such as foods bearing USDA-approved labels. Restaurant food is also exempted, and this could impact segregation and transportation costs. Each exemption provides more complexity to the supply chain, less clarity for consumers, and more red tape for manufacturers.    Manufacturers will have to make new labels with state-approved text and design. Labeling materials are one of the largest expenses affecting a manufacturer's bottom line. And the inventory left over when a manufacturer implements a labeling change must be discarded, which is a waste not only of materials, but the money the manufacturer may have spent in anticipation of using that stock. Waste and recycling charges will also apply.    At the processing facility, let's assume it takes 5 minutes to stop and start to accommodate the new package. This reduces production time as the companies pay for the lost time and labor, energy, and capital costs of depreciation.    Now assume a single plant with 10 lines running simultaneously, each with one Vermont run per payday, over 300 days in the year. That makes 500 lost hours per year, or about 3 weeks of idle time. These assumptions are meant for illustration with respect to only one single plant. Large manufacturers may have dozens of plants, and each plant may have dozens of production lines. The Vermont products would then need to be segregated from the other products and be placed on their own pallets. Pallets take up space wherever they go. They will take up space in warehouses, on trucks, and at customer distribution centers. These Vermont pallets must have sufficient space to reduce the risk of product being shipped to the wrong state; namely, product not intended for Vermont ending up on shelves there.    Manufacturers would have to renovate or purchase new storage space or real estate. Additional pallets means additional trucks will be needed to transport products to customers. The trucks are capital investments with ongoing maintenance needs and associated labor costs. And this is just on the manufacturing end of the supply chain. The products intended for Vermont must then go through distributors and/or retailer supply chain systems who purchase the product and thus, then, own it exponentially increasing the costs to service Vermont and also increasing the chance for error.    Despite best efforts, mistakes will be made. One manufacturer calculates that 7 to 10 percent of non-Vermont product could be shipped to Vermont in error. That manufacturer will face penlites of $1,000 per day per product. For a large company that has 2,500 SKUs, could translate to 175,000, or $250,000 in daily fines. Multiplied by thousands of products among multiple companies, these fines quickly reach tens of millions of dollars. Products would long shelf lines greater than 18 months that are currently in distribution or already on the shelves will be subject to fines.    Mr. Chairman, from a supply chain logistical perspective, this law really is a nightmare. U.S. Consumers benefit from the safest and most efficient food supply in the world. I urge Congress to protect our national food system from an unnecessary patchwork of state-labeling schemes that will hurt American employers and do nothing to protect consumers.    I thank you very much for your time.    Mr. Blasgen. Yes.    Mr. Blasgen. No.    Mr. Blasgen. No.    Mr. Blasgen. No.    Mr. Blasgen. I am not aware of any.    Mr. Blasgen. I will add also manufacturers typically produce products for the Nation through a series of distribution networks. That product is shipped, then, into the retail network and then finally to the consumer shelf where its purchased. So the right to know, the choice is very important, that is why clear national standard is so critical to the manufacturing community.    Mr. Blasgen. Right. The level of complexity with that type of labeling would be an incalculable burden on manufacturing.    Mr. Blasgen. I think if it is--thanks for the question.    I think if it is a clear national standard, manufacturers can deal with it. If we had multiple States requiring different labeling requirements for all of these products, it would be an enormous burden on them to make sure that they got it right.    Manufacturers secure their supply chains. They are very concerned about securing the ingredients and their finished goods right up and to the point of consumption. In particular, this issue is that the manufacturers find themselves liable for product that is outside of their control. So that is one aspect of it.    But they are----    Mr. Blasgen. Well, there clearly is a problem for multiple labeling directions coming from many different entities.    Mr. Blasgen. I think if there is a clear national standard, that minimizes the risk in that. I think that they would have an easier time dealing with that type of law versus many, many different types of States imposing laws upon them.    Mr. Blasgen. Right. As a consumer, I believe we should inform the public, as you say. And I think that everyone here believes there is a right to know and that choice is very much of importance here. We care about consumer choice as consumers, but we also want to understand the implications as an industry person on what demands we are going to place on industry and whether it is going to be effective, as well. And, in this case, we don't think so.    Mr. Blasgen. Yes, I do.    Mr. Blasgen. I do. And as I mentioned in my statement, the grocery manufacturers are very high-volume, low-margin, and they do everything they can to keep very efficient and effective manufacturing operations, as well as distribution operations, right up until the time the consumer consumes the product. Securing that supply chain is very important to them, and they do everything that they can to make it the most efficient possible so that we can pass on those savings to consumers.    Mr. Blasgen. Right. It would literally mean manufacturing lines all across the country would have to stop and start and stop and start over and over again to change labeling, change packaging, create separate inventories of the same product essentially, ensure that they are segregated so they can end up in the right state. That would complicate things not only in the manufacturing sector but also in the inventory management sector because we would have to ensure those inventories are segregated and tracked as best as possible to ensure they are ending up in the right states. It is very difficult to do that throughout the entire supply chain.    In particular, I will reiterate the fact that the manufacturers have control of only so much of that supply chain, and they turn it over to the retailers and wholesalers, who redistribute that product to stores. And then it is their job to make sure that product ends up where it is intended.    Mr. Blasgen. I have heard about that study, and I think it would probably even increase depending upon the number of states, the number of products that might be magnified by such labeling laws. The complications, the extra inventory, the extra time associated would be quite substantial when you think about all the manufacturers of food products, all the different items, and all the different labels that potentially could be on all these products.    Mr. Blasgen. It is possible. It all comes down to whether you can make a product, have a healthy margin so the manufacturers----