    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Good morning, everybody, and thanks for having me and inviting me up.    You are probably still wondering, what does he have to do with manufacturing, this guy, this actor? I grew up in Bridgeport, Connecticut. At the time, it was the jewel and the crown of the industrial northeast. We pretty much made everything there. We made ships. We made rifles. We made boats. Bead chains for electric lights. As a matter of fact, evidence is mounting more and more that the first mechanized air flight took place there by a German immigrant named Gustave Whitehead 2 years before the Wright Brothers.    So that is the kind of town it was. Everybody had a skill. I grew up amongst people who knew how to do things. All the neighbors had skills. We never called a handyman into the house because if you could not do it, your father could not do it, your uncles, there was a neighbor. And everybody traded skills. Whether it was carpentry or electronics, everybody knew how to do something. As the years have gone on, we find that just the opposite now is happening. It is very difficult to find someone to lay bricks or to build cabinets, and we all know that. But there is a reason that happened, and it is because early on just after the sixties and into the seventies, we sort of got the idea that everybody has got to go to college. I went to college, but I can also build a house.    When I was 14 years old, I decided, I want to learn to build a house and everything in it because I was surrounded by people who knew how to use tools. And I did. So after college, that is really what kept me alive was my carpentry skills. I raised my children in the same say saying get a skill that nobody can take from you, and also a skill that you can go anywhere in the world and tomorrow you will have a job. But when we were kids, also it was different because we were free-range children. On Saturday it was, what are you doing inside? Get out. Go play. Well, that was it. That was the order. There was no structure to it. There was no helicopter parenting. We went outside and played. We built treehouses. We rode off on our bicycles 5, 10 miles from home. We did not even know our own telephone number. But, you know, the chain on the bicycle breaks, you have got to be home before the streetlights are on, well, you have got to fix that bicycle chain. So we thought we were playing, but in actuality, we were problem-solving every single day. When you are building a treehouse, you have got to put the ladder on the side of the tree and you knew very early on that you did not use finishing nails to put those ladders on because it popped out and before you know it you were in the hospital with a broken arm. It was part of the deal.    But once again, we were problem-solving. We have taken that away from our children now. They do not grow up problem-solving anymore. We cosset at them and make sure that everything is okay in their world, and then when they get to college they have nervous breakdowns because things are not going their way. We did not get trophies for just showing up, and that was the big difference.    But the most dangerous thing we have done for our civilization is that, again, in the seventies, you know, 30, 40 years ago, we canceled shop classes and we canceled home ec classes because whether it was political experimentation, social experimentation, they said all boys and girls are the same and girls should not be in the kitchen and boys should not have this advantage, so we took those skills away from our kids and nowhere along the line do they learn those skills, especially if they do not have a father or an uncle to teach them that. Again, I was a carpenter and I made sure my kids knew how to handle tools, and to this day they are doing real well because of it because you also learn common sense when you use tools. But we took that away from the kids, too.    So now we are in a situation where there are 600,000 jobs available in manufacturing. That is just in manufacturing. There are hundreds of thousands of jobs available in construction all over the country. But at one time we were an agrarian society. We grew up on farms or near farms. You learn the advantage of using tools because you had to. You could not call 1-800 fix my barn door when it blew off in a storm at 2:00 in the morning. You dealt with it yourself and you saw your parents dealing with it and you knew that was possible in your life. So you stretched out more. Even during World War II, a lot of the accounts I read said we won it because if a Jeep broke down, at least 9 out of 10 people standing around knew how to fix it. Now that is not the case because we have so many people now, you know, we moved into cities since the Industrial Revolution, but even then we had shop classes to keep up with the Industrial Revolution. But we canceled those, so now the kids growing up in a lot of the cities, and if they do not have the advantage of growing up on farmland or near the sea, everything is done for you. Someone else picks up your garbage. Someone fixes the heating in your building. So your mindset growing up is, oh, somebody else will take care of it. That is not healthy for our civilization. We have to get back to the ``I am capable of doing that. I can fix that. I can build that.'' So we must reinstate shop classes back in the schools. There has got to be a way of doing that. There is actually several ways of doing it.    The disadvantage is that we are not going to have works showing up. The average age is 58 years old right now of people that know how to make things in the United States of America. When they are retired, that is it. We also have 70 percent of everyone incarcerated in the United States is a high school dropout. When the shop classes were canceled at schools nationwide, the dropout rate went up 30 percent because these kids had nothing to do. You were not offering them anything to do. Those of you in the room that know how to fix things, make things, you know a lot of self-esteem goes along with that. You do not need a trophy. You do not need someone to show up and say, here, good job for tying your shoes. Because you built that coffee table. You fixed that roof. Your self-esteem is just there. It is married to the accomplishment of making something with your very own hands.    When I cross the country and I talk about this, and I have been doing it now for 15, 20 years, because when I was doing my show Made in America there was one thing, I went to a company that was making sports equipment. A specific sporting equipment. I do not want to say what it is because the CEO will get angry at me, but the man who was going around fixing all the machines, I was talking to him and I said, so you are probably pretty close to retirement, huh? He said, yeah, a couple of years. I said, what are you going to do? He said, well, go fishing, this and that. We started talking. I said, well, who are you training? He said, well, there is nobody to train. Kids come out of high school. They cannot even read a ruler because they do not teach them to use some tools. There is nobody coming up after this guy. This fellow's job was to fix the machines when they broke down. I said, what happens when the machines break down and you are not here? He said, they are going to have to fly in somebody from the company that made the machine. I said, that could take a couple of weeks. He said, yeah. That machine will be shut down for at least a couple of weeks, maybe three. Productivity stops and the orders stop because if you cannot deliver that product to the customer, they are going to go somewhere else for that product. That company could fail just for the want of that one man who knows how to use tools. I found that all over the country. That is what made me start, because I do love this country dearly. I lived overseas for 10 years, and I know what a great country this is. I know that it is the strength of America that keeps the world at peace. The strength of America is manufacturing. Manufacturing is to America what spinach is to Popeye.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Oh, does this mean I am 3 minutes over?    Mr. RATZENBERGER. I thought I had 3 more minutes to go. I thought, geez, I thought I have been talking more than 5 minutes. Well, thank you.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. I do not need it. You are fine. Thanks.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Even recently to that point, I was in the airport, in Kennedy, and a fellow came up to me and thanked me for my work in promoting jobs and skills training. I asked him what he did, and he said he made tanks for compressed air. I said, where are you off to? He said he was going to Argentina to hire welders. He said he had jobs for 30 welders to start tomorrow. He was flying to Argentina to find them. That, more than anything, I find nationwide. People come and say, look, I could use 10 welders. We are talking salaries $65,000 and up. Some welders are making $100,000 a year in very specialized welding. But people are desperate for those jobs. Employers cannot find them. They do not exist anymore because the ones that still work are working, they are making good money, and they do not want to uproot their families and move to another state. There is no reason.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Sometimes I joke around saying it was my fault because I was a carpenter and I helped build the stage at Woodstock. It was right around then that the perception shifted where we started honoring mediocrity instead of success. It flipped the whole idea of what it is to be a success right on its head. That seeped into the school system. Certainly, the media, because now, instead of--and I always use the Beatles song. Forgive me, you Beatles fans out there, but Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds. Picture yourself in a boat down the river, with tangerine trees and marmalade skies. So it is lionizing the people who do drugs and have hallucinations floating down the river, but my question always was, who built that boat? The boat is the key factor. Someone with a work ethic, someone with skills built the boat so you could do nothing. I think the media, especially, anytime it depicted someone with tools who knew what they were doing, somehow they were either the villain or depicted as stupid. Why would a child growing up, looking at that, want to be that? I even think, I go so far as to say we should change that term ``blue collar worker'' to essential worker, because if they all went home, did not show up to work tomorrow, we would screech to a halt.    We can do without actors and sports celebrities. Only our families would miss us if we disappeared. Society would go on just fine, seamlessly. Imagine if all the truck drivers pulled off to the side of the road and said, nah, we are not going to work today. These are the people that should be honored in the media, certainly in commerce. My mother worked in a factory, too, and when I picked her up late at night, the 3 to 11 shift, and I thought there should be an audience here applauding these people because this job and these people are what keeps us going. I am icing on the cake, you know, and that is my favorite part of the cake.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. I think we should be investing in the grammar schools. Every innovator, from Leonardo da Vinci, Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Edison, Steve Jobs, started as a child tinkering. I knew Steve Jobs, and we would talk about that. He loved working on car engines with his dad. Thomas Edison had 3 months of formal educatin--3 months. That is it. He hung around a boatyard and learned how to do things. Leonardo da Vinci was an illegitimate child, he grew up on a farm. You have to get them when they are young, tinkering and making things. Old cardboard boxes. My mother, God bless her, she used to get old radios from garage sales and cut off the cord and just say, here, take it apart. I have been a tinker and an inventor ever since. Putting things together, taking things apart. That is all you have to do with a child. It is very cheap, too.    But you have to start young. Thomas Edison never went to a school and said, I want to learn how to invent a lightbulb. It all happened in here when he was very young. So my recommendation is start at the younger ages, K through 12, as Dustin mentioned. That is where it needs to start. Once they are in high school they are already set. They have their likes, dislikes, their priorities. Certainly, by college, it is gone.    I sit on the board of a university and I am always joking, and say to the president, every year before we give them their degrees, they should be required to go out to the parking lot and change the tire on their car. If you cannot do that, what good is your degree? You do not have enough common sense to do that? But I also joke and I say, before anybody can be sworn in, any elected official, you should be required to assemble a coffee table from IKEA. I mean, that is tough.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Well, I know you farm boys can.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Good restaurant, too.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Oh, my daughter is a great carpenter. She is a producer in Hollywood, but she had her own toolbox all through college.    In addressing that, I talked to a retired commandant at West Point, and I said, where do the best officers come from? Without skipping a beat he said farms. Boys and girls. I said, why is that? He said because they are always problem solving from a very young age. Instantly they have to deal with it, as you well know. If we reinstate those manual training classes in school, the children, the boys and the girls who do not have the advantage of growing up on a farm, they have the advantage of putting their hands to physical things and problem solve. The brain is formed between birth and 3 years old; 5 years old, maybe. So that is the age you have to get kids interested, and they can mold the world around them to their liking. You do not let the world mold you; you mold the world. You take what natures gives you and you say, how can I make something else? Again, Steve Jobs, da Vinci, Thomas Edison, it all starts at a very young age. So boys or girls, it does not make a difference at all.    Mr. RATZENBERGER. Thank you.