    Mr. JACKSON. Thank you, Chairman, and Ranking Member Chu, distinguished members of the Committee. My name is Harold Jackson. I am the executive chairman of Buffalo Supply, a 20-employee small business located in Lafayette, Colorado. I am honored to speak to you today on behalf of the United States Chamber of Commerce.    Since 1983, our family-owned business has been devoted to providing high-tech medical equipment and supplies to Federal-funded facilities. We provide exceptional customer service, a deep level of expertise to our supply partners, and a high-quality workplace for our employees. We have 16 full-time and 4 part-time employees.    I understand most tax credits are designed to incent or change behavior. Let me be clear. We have always provided health insurance for our employees, but premiums have increased dramatically year after year, and we may not be able to continue to provide health insurance in the future. Because BSI is ineligible, the tax credit does not help me provide affordable coverage for my employees now, nor will it encourage me to continue so in the future. We may be forced to stop providing health insurance due to the escalating costs.    Over the years, we have changed carriers almost annually and explored different plan designs moving from PPO to high-deductible plans, and in the beginning, we covered the associated HSA contributions to cover the high deductible, but we had to reduce that from 100 percent coverage for our employees to 50 percent of the deductible, and now down to 0. We do pay 100 percent of the premiums for our employees and their dependents, but subject to higher family deductibles from $3,000 up to $5,000, and higher maximum out-of-pocket expenses up from $4,000 to $6,800. So we are paying more in premiums and our employees are paying more when they require medical services.    When Connect for Health Colorado opened its shop in 2015, I went online and tried to enroll. Unfortunately, the amount of information required in the online application process was incredible. Much of the information I did not have access to, such as dependents' and spouses' Social Security numbers, dates of birth, tobacco use. After 3 days of gathering this information and another 10 hours of entering it into the system, I could not review the plan options or see quotes, so I contacted the shop at their 800 number and I was told that we do not provide quotes to small businesses; that you would need to go through your insurance broker. Interestingly enough, when I called the insurance broker, he said, well, I will be happy to provide you with a quote, but it will not be through SHOP. They are way too much hassle for us to deal with. So the people they referred me to did not even want to use them.    Based on my experience, the SHOP requirement is an onerous hurdle in and of itself. The biggest hurdle though is the annual earnings cap of $50,000. I am certainly not a tax expert, but it would appear to me that we could improve it by first removing the requirement that small businesses go through SHOP. Second, increase average earnings cap. Third, make the credit available for more than 2 consecutive years. The bottom line is the tax credit needs to be easier for businesses to assess and the hoops need to be simplified. It seems like a big part of the problem is the rules for the tax credit are so confusing that small businesses cannot assess the benefit without hiring outside counsel. Ultimately, any changes should not only increase the tax benefit to help small businesses but must be simple and easily understood.    Thank you for this opportunity to testify, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. JACKSON. Well, my personal opinion is that it is more focused on the individual marketplace than it is the small business marketplace. And it would have been helpful if they just upfront said small businesses go to your broker to get a quote. But they allow you or keep asking you all this information about your employees, and they do not really tell you that ever. When you get to the end, I had to call them and say, well, I have entered all this data. Now where do I find the options, the policy options, and the quotes? And that is when they said, well, we do not really provide small businesses with quotes. So it was a very frustrating process. I would throw in that we have done everything, I think, reasonable and prudent possible to try to minimize our premiums, yet over the last 5 years they have still gone up over 25 percent, and we cannot--and even to do that, we are not in a small business program. I had to join a professional employer organization to get into another company's large insurance pool to keep our premiums as low as they were. The last small business quote I got, our premium increases were going to be something in the neighborhood of 70 percent one year to the next year.    Mr. JACKSON. That is an interesting question that I do not know the answer to because some of my people were, well, I will say semi-reluctant to provide me with the information, but I explained if they wanted health coverage, they really did not have a choice but to provide me with that information. I have no idea what happens to it, but I am concerned.    Mr. JACKSON. Well, the increasing costs have been a major, major hurdle for us to continue providing our insurance, and certainly any way that we can devise a system that minimizes that cost, I am all in favor of. I would not be opposed to if you are going to have a cap, not make it an average cap for the employee but make it an employee-specific cap, so I know if I have 10 employees that make $48,000 I am going to get the credit. And if I have 10 that make $53,000, I am not going to get the credit for them. But make it simple and straightforward and untie it from States and all the other--if we meet the size standard and your employee makes less than whatever the magic number is for the cap, then give the people the credit for it.