    Mr. Katko. The Committee on Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on assessing the future of the Transportation Security Administration. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    I would like to welcome everyone to today's hearing and I am pleased to have Inspector General Roth back once again and Administrator Neffenger again back here as well. The purpose of today's hearing is to examine TSA's challenges and identify what changes TSA needs to make in order to move forward in an effective manner.    TSA was created out of a tragedy and was quickly stood up to address major security vulnerabilities that terrorists exploited. However, 14 years after 9/11, we now have an agency that has had many missteps in its efforts to keep the traveling public safe.    Inspector General Roth, your office has conducted over 100 audits identifying major security vulnerabilities and organizational challenges throughout TSA, including the most recent reports that found that TSA passenger screening was allegedly wrong 96 percent of the time. And that 73 aviation workers had potential ties to terrorism. Of course, there is also the recent cases involving drug trafficking incidents in airports at Dallas/Fort Worth, Los Angeles International, and Oakland, to name a few involving employees. These figures are startling and shatter the public confidence.    I look forward to hearing from you today about what systemic problems you have identified and what needs to be done to help TSA address these challenges.    What is most unfortunate is that these startling findings by both your office, and the Government Accountability Office, as well as the FBI and other agencies, are not isolated instances. Many of these vulnerabilities have been identified and known for years, and unfortunately, prior to this year the previous leadership in both TSA and DHS did not take the appropriate steps to address these known security vulnerabilities. The purpose of today's hearing is not to look backwards, however.    With new leadership, Administrator Neffenger, you have an opportunity to address these challenges head on, and lead TSA in a different path, and I am confident that you will do so. In our discussions you have been frank, straightforward, and sincere and I appreciate that. I have full confidence that you are tackling TSA's challenges with an open mind. I look forward to hearing from you today about how we can work together to ensure TSA fulfills its critical mission.    This subcommittee has worked tirelessly and in an overwhelmingly bipartisan manner to address the challenges that TSA faces. Since the start of this Congress we have had 7 pieces of legislation pass the House, which is remarkable out of this committee, and 2 of those bills are now public laws. However, there is no silver bullet to address all of the challenges that TSA faces, and unfortunately, we have to be right 100 percent of the time and the terrorists have to be right just once.    With nearly 2 million passengers being screened every day we need to do more to better focus our efforts on those passengers that are unknown while still taking precautions to protect against the insider threat.    Currently, less than 5 percent of travellers participate in PreCheck. TSA needs to increase this population so that it can target its efforts and resources in a more risk-based manner. That is why I introduced H.R. 2843, the PreCheck Expansion Act. This bill will help TSA to take steps to effectively and robustly market the program and dramatically increase the enrollment. However, in addition to expanding PreCheck, TSA must look at what additional efforts are necessary to increase the security effectiveness of PreCheck and what measures are necessary to mitigate the insider threat.    This week the House passed H.R. 3102, the Airport Access Control Security Improvement Act of 2015. This legislation which I introduced earlier this year requires TSA to consult with Federal and private-sector partners to review existing employee screening protocols and work in a comprehensive manner to improve the effectiveness of access controls at airports across the United States. It is a major undertaking.    We must do a better job at knowing more about the people who work and travel through our Nation's airports. Securing our Nation's transportation systems is of vital importance to both our National security, and our economic strength, and stability.    In the 9/11 Commission report, the then head of the CIA, George Tenet was quoted as saying, ``The system was blinking red,'' in the months leading up to 9/11. We cannot stand idly by and grant tacit approval to lax security measures when we have the authority, responsibility, and indeed the duty to spur action and keep the traveling public safe from harm.    Inspector General Roth, Administrator Neffenger, this committee wants to support both of you in your efforts to reform TSA. We look forward to hearing from you today. You are not on opposite sides of the fence. I view you both on the same side of the fence: One exposing the problems, the other one making sure they get fixed. That is why you are both here today.    With that, I recognize the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New York, Miss Rice for an opening statement.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for convening this hearing. I would also like to thank the witnesses for being here today to discuss the need for and status of reforms and improvements within the TSA.    Administrator Neffenger, I understand you had to adjust your schedule in order to testify before this subcommittee today and I want to tell you how much we appreciate that. While you have only been in this position since June, you have demonstrate a true commitment to work constructively with us as you take on the challenges facing TSA and I thank you for that.    Finally, I want to thank Inspector General Roth for being here today and for the work you have done and continue to do, to identify vulnerabilities within TSA and advise us on what we can do to enhance the security of our commercial aviation sector. Your most recent report which is Classified, concerns covert tests conducted by undercover DHS investigators who attempted to smuggle prohibited items, including weapons and mock explosives past TSA security checkpoints. As we all know the results of these covert tests were leaked to the media in June before the report was complete, and it was reported that in 67 out of 70 tests, TSA failed to detect these items and allowed the investigators to proceed past the checkpoint.    Sixty-seven out of 70, that is 96 percent of the time. I think we can all agree that 96 percent is an alarming figure, and one that we cannot overlook. We have to assess all of the findings and recommendations in your report. We have to shine a light on the vulnerabilities that these covert tests have exposed, and we have to take action to eliminate those vulnerabilities.    We know that the threats to this country, particularly to our aviation sector, are constant. They are real. We know those threats are evolving and becoming more sophisticated, but the people who want to do us harm are always on the watch for a new way in, a new way to beat the system. That is why we have to be even more vigilant. That is why we conduct these tests. Because we know that no matter how good our security might be, it can be better. It can always be better and the findings in this report make it clear that it can and must be much better in order to match the threats that we face today.    So I am eager to hear how our witnesses are working together to act on these findings, to implement reforms, and to close the gaps that these covert tests uncovered.    Obviously, as we all know, Administrator Neffenger, you have only been in your position for a few months. Many of the topics and reports that Inspector General Roth has compiled pre-date your time at TSA, but I certainly look forward to hearing what TSA is doing in response to this most recent report, and if Inspector General Roth has previously identified other security gaps or vulnerabilities that TSA must still address, I would like to learn about those efforts as well.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for convening this hearing. I look forward to productive dialogue today. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the full committee, the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Thompson, for any statement he may have.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    We are pleased to have a group of distinguished witnesses before us today, as I mentioned, to speak on this important topic, and are no strangers to this subcommittee. Let me remind the witnesses that their entire written statements will appear in the record.    Our first witness is The Honorable John Roth, who currently serves as Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security. Prior to his appointment as Inspector General, Mr. Roth served as the director of the Office of Criminal Investigations at the Food and Drug Administration, was chief of staff to the Deputy Attorney General and worked at the Narcotic and Dangerous Drugs Section, which is the best section in all of the Department of Justice. Am I right?    Mr. Katko. Because we both worked there. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Roth to testify.    Mr. Katko. Those questions are indeed forthcoming, but before that Mr. Roth, I want to thank you for your testimony. I appreciate you being here.    I want to hear from our second witness, Administrator Neffenger, who I am sure the honeymoon is indeed over. You were confirmed in June 2015 as the sixth administrator of the TSA. You lead the security operations at more than 450 airports within the United States, and a workforce of almost 60,000 employees. Prior to joining TSA, Administrator Neffenger served admirably as the 29th vice commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard, and the Coast Guard's deputy commandant for operations. The Chair now recognizes Admiral Neffenger for his testimony.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Administrator Neffenger.    I called you Admiral or Administrator, either one. It is interchangeable, I guess. But thank you again for your testimony. I appreciate the fact that you are responding rapidly, and recognizing, and embracing the problems, and trying to find solutions. I am encouraged by that. We all are. We look forward during the course of the questioning here today to talk about moving forward, what is the plan, and we hope you weave that into your testimony as we go through it today.    I also thank you for rearranging your schedule to be here with us today. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes to ask questions.    I will start by observing the nature and tenor of this hearing and how it is different from the other ones that we have had. The other hearings we have had so far, and we have had 7 subcommittee hearings. This is the seventh one, I believe, which is more than any in all of Homeland Security, and perhaps more than most in Congress. The reason is because there is a lot to do. There is a lot of issues to examine.    At the forefront of examining of those issues has been the Inspector General, and we appreciate that. Like we said earlier, by Miss Rice, I believe, or someone, more than 100 such reports have been done by the Inspector General since the inception of TSA. Those reports are revealing and also at times troubling. Since we got into the hearings this year, we did one on the Atlanta gun trafficking case which exposed 170 guns being trafficked by employees through supposedly secure access points. It exposed a major weakness in the airline aviation system and that is employee access controls, which are sorely lacking. That was exacerbated by a number of cases recently in Dallas/Fort Worth, and LAX, and Oakland, and elsewhere where major drug trafficking rings had been disrupted.    One of those rings, at the preliminary hearing, one of the employees was bragging about the fact that he could bring anything through there, including a bomb, which is incredibly troubling. Instead of having an oh-my-God-moment by the airports, we hear a lot of pushback about costs, and that is something we are going to have to examine going forward. We have had a lot of hearings about screenings and the problems with screenings, a 97 percent fail rate in recent tests. That is unbelievably troubling.    We have had hearings about PreCheck and Managed Inclusion and how people are getting pulled out of regular lines into the PreCheck line without any additional background checks, which defeats the purpose of PreCheck.    We have heard about the Federal Air Marshal Service and we had a good productive hearing with them and then we found out that after that, Federal Air Marshals are filling sessions with prostitutes in hotels paid for with Government credit cards, and Lord knows what else is going on. That is troubling too.    We have also heard some things about private screenings from the Inspector General. This all points up that, I think, and underscores the belief by the Inspector General himself that sometimes--and it is not on your watch, Mr. Neffenger, but sometimes, many times, TSA has not responded. That leads me to the conclusion that TSA, while a young agency, has become a very bureaucratized agency already, too slow to respond and not nimble enough to respond.    So the genesis of all that was why I had this hearing today to allow us to discuss at a more general level what are some of its systemic problems that we see at TSA, and we are doing this to benefit Mr. Neffenger's presence so that he can hopefully address them going forward.    So with that teeing the ball up, Mr. Roth, I would like to hear from you as to what you think some of the, you know, global problems are at TSA, and I encourage you to be as frank as possible.    Mr. Katko. Yeah, for a few moments, please.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Roth. I will have some questions for you, Admiral Neffenger, on the second go-around if we are able to get to that. If not, I will ask you to submit the questions in writing depending on our schedule here.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New York, Miss Rice, for any questions she may have.    Miss Rice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Inspector General Roth, what I would like to ask you, you mentioned in your statement the No. 1 thing is that TSA can do to change the culture, which is what you cite as significantly problematic. So what are your thoughts on how you change the culture?    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Miss Rice. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Minority Member of the Homeland Security Committee, the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Thompson.    Mr. Katko. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Thompson. The Chair now will recognize other Members of the committee for questions they may wish to ask the witnesses.    In accordance with the committee rules and practice, I plan to recognize Members who were present at the start of the hearing by the seniority on the subcommittee. Those coming in later will be recognized in the order of arrival.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Keating from Massachusetts for 5 minutes of questioning.    Mr. Katko. Well, you are very important to all of us.    Mr. Katko. Thank you, Mr. Keating. We are getting ready for votes, but I think what I would like to do, if any of the other Members have questions, just ask questions and have you respond to the rest in writing. I have a few that I would like to have responded to in writing before we wrap up here.    With respect to Mr. Roth, simply, Mr. Roth, if there are other kind of 30,000-foot observations you would like to make about TSA that you weren't able to cover today in the short period that we were here, I encourage you to submit them in writing to the committee and I encourage you to be as blunt and open as possible. I think it is important to expose that, and make sure to copy the administrator on it as well.    With respect to Administrator Neffenger, there are a couple of things I would like to have you talk about. Ranking Member Thompson hit it right on the head with the technology issues. One of the things he said that is very important is he said he has only seen three major players, if you will, within the technology providing for the administration, and that sometimes it seems like there is a sense of comfort with dealing with just those three.    I think competition is a good thing. I have been to many technology presentations recently and the updated technology out there is stunningly advanced. It seems to me that I would like to hear from you, actually, as to what you are doing to vet that technology, and how you are encouraging these newcomers on the scene to give them a fair shake. Not only from a competition aspect, but taking a real good hard look at everything from the prescreening aspects with the biometric data, to the actual physical screening procedures and machines because we know there are problems with them now, and going forward, how are you going to address that?    The other component I want to ask you about is the age of the screening equipment itself. Because from my understanding, much of this equipment is at or near a 10-year lifespan. That I would like to know what the plans are going forward to replace it because many of these are at the end of their lifespan and--projected lifespan at least, and it doesn't seem like there is a plan going forward on the horizon.    So I would like to see what the blueprint is going forward to deal with this new technology. I think Mr. Thompson is 100 percent right that technology is critically important and hearing from all parties, not just the ones that TSA is comfortable with. That is very important.    Let me make sure there is nothing else here. Oh, yeah, last thing is, with respect to the access controls. I would like to hear what has been done since we have to tighten up access controls, and I will note to just warn you that with respect to the Viper team that was celebrated as a risk-based security for the access controls, but it was completely exploited by the individuals in the Dallas/Fort Worth case.    As a matter of fact, employees went into areas and if the Viper team was there, they just simply called out to their comrades to bring the drugs and contrabands to another exit, another entry point. That is a major concern. So I don't want to hear too much about the Viper teams because it is not getting the job done. It's pretty obvious. They are a good idea, but they are easily circumvented. So I would like to hear what your ideas are about that going forward, and what has actually been done going forward.    I really look forward to getting that bill passed that we just recently passed out of the House and getting it signed--passed out of the Senate and signed by the President so that we can get to work on doing an in-depth study that is really needed with this.    So with that, I will ask my colleagues if they have any further questions they want to have submitted for the record. Anything?    All right, if there is anything further, we will submit them to you in writing within 10 days.    I thank you very much. It was an abbreviated session, but we have had a few things going on today as you might imagine, and it is now time for some votes. So thank you very much.