    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order.    And without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We have an important hearing today examining the management practices and misconduct at the Transportation Security Administration, the TSA.    As we enter the summer travel, many Americans are headed to the airport. We get a lot of people who come in from overseas who want to travel domestically, but we have got a lot of Americans who are taking their families, they are going on business, a whole array, everything you can think about. And then the numbers are pretty amazing how many people travel on a daily basis.    But often when they get there, they are finding that there are very long lines. Now, we need our airplanes and airports to be as secure as possible, but the practices of securing those airports, I think, continues to be an ongoing question because sometimes the lines become so difficult and so long.    During one week in mid-March nearly 6,800 passengers missed their flights due to long waits at TSA checkpoints. At the Charlotte airport, passengers waited more than 3 hours just to get through security. And many airports are complaining TSA is only getting worse, not better, and yet there has been a rise in the sheer number of people that were working at the TSA certainly since its inception.    But you are also going to find that the attrition rate is pretty stunning, and there is a reason why. I think it is a key indicator as to how the organization is performing and who is being rewarded and not being rewarded and how do people generally feel about the organization.    I think people are patient. They are willing to wait in line if they feel like the airport is becoming secure, but last summer, the Department of Homeland Security inspector general performed covert testing at TSA's airports' security screenings and found ``failures in technology, failures in TSA procedures, and human error.'' The IG, the inspector general, testified before this committee that ``layers of security were simply missing.''    I understand that some recommendations are still outstanding, although I appreciate the TSA has taken steps to address many of the inspector general's findings. As TSA works to improve security and reduce wait times to reasonable levels, the agency's staffing problem threatens to undermine its progress.    Currently, the agency is losing--think about this; these numbers are pretty stunning. They are losing about 103 screeners each week through attrition. Now, that is a little bit of a scary number because think that is telling us that they really don't like working there.    In 2014, this is again a very stunning number, 373 people joined but 4,644 people departed. There are a lot of people looking for good jobs, good opportunity in this country, and so when you have 4,600 people leave that job and they are only able to attract 373, what does that tell you? It tells you there is probably a management problem there and that there are probably some challenges and some underlying things and causes that ought to be examined.    The government actually, I think, does a good job in that it surveys Federal employees at all the different agencies across all of government. And remember, there are more than 2 million Federal employees out there. Of the 320 agencies that are ranked and scored, the TSA ranked 313 out of 320, making it one of the worst places to work.    The committee has been contacted by a large number of whistleblowers who have given us some insight into what it might be. We have also reached out to some individuals. I don't want you to assume that the panel here today are simply whistleblowers. In fact, that is not the case.    One of the biggest causes that have attributed to its TSA challenges is leadership and management. Strong, effective leadership could not be more important to an agency fraught with problems. Instead, as we have chatted with people and whistleblowers have come forward, we found that the TSA has developed a highly retaliatory culture that discourages speaking up about problems.    They have also raised concerns about leadership failing to punish high-level managers who commit misconduct. When hardworking rank-and-file men and women are severely punished, yet their managers get off easy, it creates a morale problem, and allowing such a culture to fester has a highly detrimental effect on the mission of the agency, keeping the airways safe.    I don't care where you are in life or what you are doing, when you see somebody who is doing something bad and it is not fixed, it is demoralizing. And when you have maybe a group of people on the line doing one thing and something happens and they get treated differently than the management, it is very demoralizing. And I think that is clearly what we are seeing at the TSA.    Today's hearing is intended to focus on the toll management challenges like this take on TSA employees. They are those tasked with protecting our transportation infrastructure.    This brings us to our witnesses today who are here to discuss their own experiences with systematic management and leadership challenges at the TSA. Their testimony before this committee, like all of their interactions with this committee, is protected. It is against the law to retaliate against individuals for engaging in protected activity. It doesn't matter if we reach out to them or they reach out to us, they are protected from retaliation. And communications to the press about waste, fraud, and abuse or mismanagement are also protected communications.    These important disclosures are often an effective way to bring waste, fraud, and abuse or mismanagement to the attention of those that are in a position to remedy it. But sometimes it doesn't matter how many protections you have in place. Management and leadership in Federal agencies find subtle ways to marginalize or demean those who do nothing more than speak the uncomfortable truth.    I want to be clear that this committee will not stand for reprisal against individuals for cooperating with congressional investigations. This is especially true for today's witnesses, and we appreciate their brave stature to come forward and at some risk come and chat with us before Congress. But it is the way we are going to get to the truth. It is the way we are going to be able to protect the greater whole. And I think the gentlemen here today will provide valuable insight and hopefully can make the whole of government, the whole of the TSA and its vital mission a better place to do it. So we thank these gentlemen for stepping forward and participating with us today.    Chairman Chaffetz. And with that, I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    I will now recognize our witnesses. We are pleased to welcome Mr. Jay Brainard, Federal security director for the State of Kansas in the Office of Security Operations at the Transportation Security Administration.    Mr. Mark Livingston is the program manager in the Office of the Chief Risk Officer at the Transportation Security Administration.    And Mr. Andrew Rhoades, assistant Federal security director for mission support at the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport in the Office of Security Operations at the TSA.    We welcome you and thank you for being here.    If you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. You may be seated. And let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate it if you would limit your verbal comments to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    And we will start with Mr. Brainard. You are now recognized for 5 minutes. Make sure you bring that microphone up nice and close there. You can straighten it out, but I want to make sure we get you clearly on audio. Thank you, Mr. Brainard. You are now recognized.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Livingston, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Mr. Rhoades, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.