    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just first conceptually, because it has been sort of floated around a couple of times, in many ways when I read the articles about what you are all doing it is a discussion of, are we fighting the last war, and the concentration of risk of unintended consequences.    We have our Section 113, the list of criteria. Are we going to wake up tomorrow and find out that the shadow on the horizon, the black swan was something that because of the concentration of the way you look at the world you completely miss?    But there have been a couple bits of testimony here that I need to drive into because I am a little disturbed and concerned about some of the things I heard. The gentleman from Florida, Mr. Ross, was asking some questions about insurance. And a comment was made by Ms. Matz--you actually stated that on Prudential, one of the reasons they made your list, shall we say, is their derivatives book.    Now is that because they didn't have enough hedging of their interest exposure? I don't know if they were doing duration exposure, but their interest exposure. And are you saying they had a derivatives book and because they were actually insuring their interest--exposure that forced them onto your list? What do you mean when you said the derivatives book?    Mr. Schweikert. When you say that institution?    Mr. Schweikert. Okay. So they are buying an additional hedge to protect their interest rate exposure so if that moves against their 100 percent coverage. Explain to me how that would work.    Mr. Schweikert. No, no, no, no. Not--if they--they are not--    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Look, we are talking past each other because you know everything I know about why your derivatives contracts to protect your interest rate exposure, that would be something you would find joyful, not put them into a designation.    Also, in looking over parts of the reports about Prudential, okay, so their repo contracts are 100 percent offset and collateralized. I am just trying to figure out where you found exposure.    Mr. Schweikert. If you are 100 percent covered and you have also covered your interest rate risk, the exposure is what?    Mr. Schweikert. So I have an institution. It is 100 percent covered. Plus, it has also done additional financial products insurance to cover markets moving against them.    Mr. Schweikert. But they are contract loans. The insurance products that they are offering are all under contract. So they have the ability to say, according to our contract you may be making a claim for this, but under the contract we have the ability to pay as the contract is designated. Because--    Mr. Schweikert. Okay. I will give this one to you in writing because we are talking past each other because that makes absolutely no sense.    When I look at your Section 113 tests, and I go up and down this, is it the last one? Are there risks that the Council may deem appropriate? When I look at this list, particularly on an insurer like this which is 100 percent covered and then hedged their coverage, I am trying to find out on this list where do you find the exposures?    Mr. Schweikert. I wish I had you in grad school because there would been some fascinating questions.    All right. Last bit in my last 20 seconds, Mr. Curry, you are the only one in the panel I have heard actually touch on something that made me very happy. And that was sort of the unknown, the reality that future financial markets are moving Silicon Valley bank--or excuse me, Silicon Valley centric, the new ways people are going to borrow money, buying credit, invest, move around.    Isn't that, though, actually much safer and much more robust than a concentrated banking system because the way capital is acquired is much more distributed model?    Mr. Schweikert. Okay. And I am going to give you something in writing--I know we are way over time.    Mr. Schweikert. But I beg of you, if it is creating diffused risk, if we are seeing sort of a distributive model, please do not beat up innovation. We desperately need it--    Mr. Schweikert. And with that, I have to yield back. Thank you.