    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Director Cordray, for spending your afternoon with us today.    The gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter, mentioned that Charles River Associates studied, this is a research paper from November, that examined the Bureau's disparate impact methodology for any direct auto lending. As you may recall, the study concluded that there were significant flaws in the Bureau's methodology that led to an overestimating of minority populations by as much as 41 percent.    To date, the Bureau has yet to publicly acknowledge the study. Can you comment on whether you would agree with the conclusions of the report that the Bureau's methodology is error-prone?    Mr. Rothfus. Has the Bureau--have the results of the study caused the Bureau to undertake any changes or consider undertaking any changes with respect to its fair lending investigations or evaluations?    Mr. Rothfus. So you are not--are you going to make changes or not going to make changes? Are you considering making changes?    Mr. Rothfus. Would you find some merits in the conclusions of the study or no merits in the conclusions of the study?    Mr. Rothfus. I would like to quickly revisit a topic that you have addressed in prior hearings, the Bureau civil penalty fund. As you know, unlike most Federal regulatory agencies, the Bureau does not remit the fines it imposes in its enforcement actions back to the American taxpayers, to the Treasury.    Instead, the Bureau collects that money in its civil penalty fund so it can be paid to victims if they can be located. If these individuals cannot be located, however, the Bureau can use the funds for financial literacy or consumer education programs of its choosing.    In the past, the Bureau's administration of the fund has been widely criticized for the small amount that actually has gone to victims and the significant amount that has been spent on administrative expenses.    According to the committee's most recent calculations in December of last year, the unobligated balance of the Bureau's fund now stands at approximately $136 million. This is up from $116 million in June 2014 and $126 million in October 2014. And of the roughly $182 million that the Bureau has imposed in fines thus far, it has only allocated $31 million to compensating victims or around 17 percent.    Why does this unobligated balance remain so high while the amounts paid to victims have remained so low?    Mr. Rothfus. What is the current balance of the fund?    Mr. Rothfus. Do you know what the current balance--    Mr. Rothfus. So there is $20 million in the fund right now?    Mr. Rothfus. How much is in the fund right now?    Mr. Rothfus. So it is sitting there right now. You say--you don't know what--you will get back to us about how much is in there.    Mr. Rothfus. Have you identified specific victims to whom it will go?    Mr. Rothfus. Have you identified the specific individuals?    Mr. Rothfus. To reclaim my time--    Mr. Rothfus. You say it is allocated. Roughly how much is being spent on administrative expenses?    Mr. Rothfus. We would like to follow up with you on the balance--    Mr. Rothfus. And what percentage.    Mr. Rothfus. Okay, thank you.