    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen . Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for excellent testimony.    The only good deal is one in which Iran ceases all enrichment and dismantles its nuclear infrastructure. That is the best way, the only way to ensure that Iran won't be able to create a nuclear weapon, ever. If a deal is signed based on this framework agreement, that means it allows Iran to keep in place every key element of its nuclear infrastructure, preserve its stockpiles of enriched uranium, and keep its equipment and research and development program.    Not only is this agreement, from what we know, a significant step back from what the U.N. Security Council and world powers were demanding from Iran just a few years ago--do we remember that, do we remember those resolutions?--but it is also significantly weaker than even what the President stated emphatically were his lines and his demands, just 1\1/2\ years ago. And I have his quotes here if we don't remember.    We don't know much about Iran's possible military dimension. That is frightening. And what about the Parchin military facility, which was the center of Iran's weaponization and military program? We need answers on that. But it is clear that the administration is willing to let that fly.    The Supreme Leader and his puppet Rouhani, because Rouhani will only do what the Supreme Leader says, they are saying that Iran will only sign the nuclear deal if sanctions are lifted the same day. What has the administration offered in terms of sanctions relief and at what scale? We hear a lot of talk about a signing bonus, as if it is the NFL draft, of $50 billion before Iran even has to comply with anything. This is beyond irresponsible and incomprehensible.    And can the agreement be verified? In a word, no. The Iranian regime still controls access to its sites, and we know how good they have been on dodging, on stalling, on misleading, and blocking, and there is no reason to believe that they are going to change. Iran has said it won't allow inspections on its military sites. So guess what will be happening in its military sites?    This whole deal is a fanciful notion and is really a disaster waiting to happen for our national security, for our allies in the regions. And the sad reality is that the only way we are likely to not get this deal is if the Iranians can't take yes for an answer.    Similar to the Palestinians and the Israelis, the Israelis were offering them in many of these peace talks everything to the Palestinians. The Palestinians walked away from the deal. We are better off for it. The only way we are not going to get this deal if the Iranians walk away. Everything about this deal is my most serious concern.    I wanted to ask you in the little time I have remaining about breakout capability. Certainly, 1 year isn't sufficient. We have had many experts tell us it is nearly impossible to even tell when the clock begins, and even when it does, it is next to impossible for the administration to verify that Iran has started breaking out and then send it up to the U.N. Security Council to have that body act. Like most everything else related to this deal, it is just a pipe dream.    Is 10 years enough? And what can you tell us about the about the breakout capability that we are looking at?    Mr. Rademaker.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I am having a subcommittee hearing with Mr. Deutch about the GCC countries and their reaction to a nuclear deal, and several of you were bringing that out. Are they going to let Tehran keep its nuclear infrastructure and offer billions of dollars of sanctions relief and they will do nothing? Of course, that is not going to be true. So we worry about their reaction to that, and they no longer think that we have their back.    But thank you. My time is up.    And I would like to recognize Ms. Robin Kelly of Illinois.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.