    Mrs. Hartzler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, every one. I understand that while the implementation of cash-based assistance programs may be subject to some level of third party monitoring, there is virtually no monitoring by U.S. Government officials. Do I have that correct?    Mrs. Hartzler. What are some of the third party entities that are monitoring these----    Mrs. Hartzler. What type of monitoring report do they give back? So is it they get on the phone and say, yes, everything is going great here, or what are they required to provide back, as far as evidence of their monitoring?    Mrs. Hartzler. And the question was specifically on cash-based. So that is even more tricky, where you are not actually distributing rice, or----    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay. This question is for Ms. Trujillo. It appears that most of USAID OIG's work has focused on auditing the implementation of programs made possible through in-kind assistance. Given USAID's continued push for greater flexibility, in addition to that recently provided by the farm bill, why has the OIG not focused more of its attention on the implementation of cash-based programs?    Mrs. Hartzler. Okay. Very good. I yield back. Thanks.    The Chairman. I want to thank all the witnesses for your testimony today and your input. This has been very helpful, in terms of information gathering. That will be quite useful as we move forward, particularly as we begin preparations for the next farm bill. It seems crazy to think that it is already around the corner, but in essence it is, and time flies, as we all know. And certainly up here, the days are long, but the years are short, and I have learned that very quickly in my 6 months here as a Member.    I want to state for the record that, under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member. This Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture hearing is now adjourned.