    Mr. Lin. Mr. Chairman, members of the subcommittee, thanks for the opportunity to testify. Testimony today is personal, although my professional work informs it.    Let me start with two definitions. Cyberspace is computers, smartphones, the Internet, stuff with computers inside them. It is also the information inside these things, and our dependence on all of this is growing.    Here is a definition of cybersecurity that--with words like negative impact and bad guy. What is important here is that the definitions of these words are policy matters, and also cybersecurity isn't just technology. Economics, psychology, organizations, they all matter because they help to shape user behavior, which affects cybersecurity.    On security, a computer in a sealed metal box, there is supposed to be a computer inside that one on the left. There is one on mine. And it is a sealed metal box, so I guess you can't see it. That is perfectly secure, but it is useless. OK. The one on the right is useful but potentially insecure because--it is useful because you get information in and out of it. You only want good data to get into it. That requires a judgment about what counts as good, and such judgments are fallible.    Here is a network of nodes that represents the Internet. At each node there is another network or a computer. The Internet is designed with just one function really; to transport data from A to B without regard for what it means. Usefulness of the Internet comes from the computers that sit at the nodes, and this principle is what has really enabled the Internet to grow so quickly in the past. But if you believe in this principle, it also means that the network in the middle doesn't handle security. Many people want to put security in the middle, but that would violate this basic principle that has driven Internet growth and innovation, and also the change wouldn't entirely solve the cybersecurity problem. There are some exceptions to this description, but they don't really change the basic story.    Complexity is the enemy of cybersecurity. What we want from our computers requires complex systems. We put components into a system. When the system is complex enough, nobody understands the system very well, and so the system, in fact, may not be secure. And here is an example of complexity at work. You have done this before, from a browser you type in the URL, like EnergyCommerce.House.gov, and then in less than a second the E&C Commerce site appears. OK. This is what is going on behind the scene. It is not worth going over each of these elements, I don't have time for it either, but at every one of these boxes, an adversary could interfere with your Web experience.    Also, adversaries adapt, and here is an example from safecracking. Good guys don't get the last move here. When we put money in wooden boxes to protect them, robbers use axes. When we used metal safes to stop them, they drilled wedges between the door and the safe. When you put in step doors, they poured in nitroglycerine, and so on. And we still haven't entirely stopped bank robberies.    The result of this is this chart. Over time, we get better at cybersecurity, that is the bottom line, but the top line, how much we depend on cyberspace and, therefore, how much the threat that we face has grown even faster, and that gap, therefore, is growing. The defenses of today would be good against the threats of 10 years ago, but the threat has changed too.    This leads to conclusion one, which is that cybersecurity is a never-ending battle. You will not find a decisive solution forever, and so you have to find ways to manage it at an acceptable cost. This really leads to two questions: why bother with cybersecurity at all, and how can we manage the problem? On the why bother, here are some reasons. You deal with the unsophisticated threats, you make yourself less vulnerable so the bad guys go after the next guy rather than you. You can give the bad guy less time to do his dirty work, and you help law enforcement focus on the harder cases. OK. Second, why is it so hard to solve this as a policy problem? Well, the reason is that we want cybersecurity, but we want other good things as well. We want rapid innovation, and it is always faster to do something without attention to security. We want convenience on cybersecurity. It mostly gets in your way. How often have you been at a computer that you couldn't get on because you forgot a password? There is also interoperability, which means sometimes you can't fix a known security problem because you are afraid of damaging existing programs. And we want privacy for us but not the bad guys. That means when we try to collect data on the bad guys, sometimes we collect data inadvertently on the good guys. And the tradeoff is that we don't know how much inadvertent collection we should tolerate to gain security. Tradeoffs are unavoidable, and that means it makes consensus hard to reach. How do you do better? Well, part one is you reduce the gap between the average and the best, and part two is you reduce the gap between the best and what you actually need.    So here is my summary of this, which is all in your--this is a one-page summary. And this reference, from which much of this testimony is drawn, I would like to incorporate that into the record of the hearing, if I may. And I think it has been distributed to members. So that is it. Thank you.    Mr. Lin. Sure. I don't know if it will ever be able to favor the defense, but you can certainly make it a lot harder for the attackers. I think there is no question about that. I think all of my colleagues here basically said that, that we can do a much better job than we are doing now. For example, there are known technologies and known procedures, and so on, that we can deploy that will increase security, but we just don't use them, for a variety of reasons.    Mr. Lin. Is it possible to do better than they are likely to do? Sure, but the problem is that getting stuff out first to market is an effort-intensive thing, and you don't want to put in effort to focus on security before you can get to market. And they do this for perfectly reasonable economic reasons, but it is very hard to get people to focus on cybersecurity in the absence of some sort of mandate before they have gotten the product out.    Mr. Lin. The problem that you have described is what is known as a perimeter defense, and once you have breached the perimeter of an organization, you can do anything you want inside. Most organizations believe that they just erect a big enough of perimeter on the outside and they are safe, but they are not. And so organizations have to learn to practice and operate as though they had already been penetrated, and getting them to do that is a tough thing to do.    Mr. Lin. I would agree with my two colleagues here, that it is one of the biggest threats. I would have a hard time thinking that it is worse than a nuclear weapon going off----    Mr. Lin . Improvised nuclear weapon going off, you know. I----    Mr. Lin. And I would say that there is a role for a single one-stop shopping for help if you have a computer security problem, that it would be helpful if your small business owner could know who to call. The problem with something like that is that what is going on in this person's computer is a very individual thing and there are going to be problems in responding, but at least people should be able to get help, and right now there isn't any good way to do that.    Mr. Lin. One thing that businesses can do with respect to the consumers is to be more transparent about the ways in which they protect data and are willing to use it. Many companies are less than fully transparent in the ways in which they----    Mr. Lin. That is correct.    Mr. Lin. Well, that is right, and to be fully disclosive about what they are actually going to----    Mr. Lin . What they could do with it.    Mr. Lin. One----    Mr. Lin. One can certainly imagine mandates, well, encouragement for healthcare companies to protect their data. Internally, for example, you can do encryption of data even when it is within your system.    Mr. Lin. Theft of laptops has historically been an important vector where people steal information. If you encrypt the data on the laptop, it is a good thing. I caution that encryption is a costly--not costly, but I mean it is great--that results in greater inconvenience for the companies, and so they are going to complain about such mandates.