    Mr. Ikenson. Thank you, sir. Good morning, Chairman Poe, Ranking Member Keating, and members of the subcommittee. I am Dan Ikenson, Director of the Herbert A. Stiefel Center for Trade Policy Studies at the Cato Institute. Thank you for the invitation to share my views with you today concerning trade promotion agencies and the U.S. foreign policy. The views I express are my own and should not be construed as representing any official positions of the Cato Institute. To the extent today's hearing will help clarify some of these issues and prompt a serious effort to reform and retire some of the redundant, distortionary, and frankly, scandal-prone agencies among the panoply of Federal offerings, I am pleased to be of assistance.    U.S. trade promotion agencies are in the business of promoting exports, not trade, in the more inclusive sense. That is worth noting because despite some of the wrong-headed merchantilist assumptions that undergird U.S. trade policy that exports are good and imports are bad, the fact is that the real benefits of trade are transmitted through imports, not through exports.    In January 2010, President Obama set a national goal of doubling U.S. exports in 5 years and prominent net plan was a larger role for government in promoting exports including expanded non-market lending programs to finance export activity and increase in the number of Commerce Department foreign outposts to promote U.S. business and an increase in Federal agency chaperoned marketing trips. But the NEI neglected a broad swath of worthy reforms by ignoring the domestic laws, regulations, taxes, and other policies that handicap U.S. businesses and their competition for sales in the United States and abroad. For example, nearly 60 percent of the value of U.S. imports in 2014 consisted of intermediate goods, capital goods, and other raw materials. Those are the purchases of U.S. businesses, not consumers. Yet many of those imports are subject to Customs duties which raise the cost of production for the U.S.-based companies that need them, making less competitive at home and abroad.    U.S. duties on products like sugar, steel, magnesium, polyvinyl chloride, and other crucial manufacturing inputs have chased companies to foreign shores where those imports are less expensive and they have deterred foreign companies from setting up shop stateside.    Policy makers should stop conflating the interests of exporters with the national interest and commit to policies that reduce frictions throughout the supply chain from product conception to consumption. Why should U.S. taxpayers underwrite and U.S. policymakers promote the interest of exporters anyway when the benefits of those exports accrues primarily to the shareholders the companies enjoin the subsidized marketing or matchmaking? There is no national ownership of private export revenues.    If policymakers seek a more appropriate target for economic policy, it should be to attract and retain direct investment which is the seed of all economic activity including exports. Given the exalted status of exports in Washington's economic policy narrative, it is understandable why agencies would want to portray themselves as indispensable to U.S. export success. But on that metric, none of the subject agencies is scarcely relevant. EXIM supported $27.4 billion in exports in 2014. USTDA supports approximately $2.5 billion per year. And OPIC less than $2 billion. In aggregate, these agencies support less than 2 percent of all U.S. exports.    But the relevant economic question concerns the cost and benefits of these agencies to the U.S. economy. So let me focus a little bit on EXIM. EXIM financing helps two sets of companies, U.S. firms whose exports are subsidized through direct loans or loan guarantees and the foreign firms who purchase those subsidized exports. But those same transactions impose costs on two different sets of companies, competing U.S. firms in the same industry who do not get EXIM banking and U.S. firms in downstream industries whose foreign competition is now benefitting from reduced capital costs courtesy of the U.S. Government.    EXIM financing reduces the cost of doing business for the lucky U.S. exporter and reduces the cost of capital for his foreign customer. But it hurts U.S. competitors of the U.S. exporter, as well as U.S. competitors of his foreign customer, by putting them at relative cost disadvantages. According to the findings by a recent CATO Institute study, the downstream cost alone amount to a tax of approximately $2.8 billion every year and the victims include companies in each of the 21 broad U.S. manufacturing sectors.    The notion that because Beijing, Brasilia, and Brussels subsidize their exporters, Washington must too sweeps under the rug the fact that the United States is a major export credit subsidizer that has been engaged in doling out such largess since 1934 well before the founding of the People's Republic of China.    To say that U.S. exporters need assistance with financing to level the playing fields suggest that they lack advantages among the multitude of considerations that inform the purchasing decision. Moreover, the fact that less than 2 percent of U.S. export value goes through export promotion agencies, suggest this rationale for EXIM is bogus. Congress should allow EXIM to expire at the end of next month and the administration should announce plans to bring cases to the WTO against governments operating their export credit agencies in violation of agreed-upon limits under the Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures.    The combination of the carrot of U.S. withdrawal from the business of export credit financing and the stick of WTO litigation would likely incent other governments to reduce and possibly eliminate their own subsidy programs. For better or worse, at different times and for different purposes over the years, the U.S. trade policy has been a tool of U.S. foreign policy, trade preference programs, trade agreements, the trade Trans-Pacific Partnership, investment treaties, trade sanctions, infrastructure funding and trade financing of all bid pursuit or deployed for reasons not entirely economic in nature. Pursuing strategic objectives through trade policy has a long history.    The State Department's mission is to shape and sustain a peaceful, prosperous, just, and democratic world and foster conditions for stability and progress for the benefit of the American people and people everywhere. That broad mission may justify one or two export promotion agencies, but according to the CRS, the Congressional Research Service, there are at least 20 such agencies within the U.S. Government with overlapping responsibilities and in some cases working at cross purposes. Thirty seconds.    EXIM's Inspector General----    Mr. Ikenson. Concluding thought, the United States maintains enormous commercial advantages over other countries. We have the world's largest market, strong institutions, including respect to private property and the rule of law, etcetera, etcetera. These things underlie the strength of the U.S. economy which is crucial to reaching U.S. security and foreign policy goals going forward. Thank you.    Mr. Ikenson. Sure.    Mr. Ikenson. Thank you for the question. Well, I hope that EXIM is not reauthorized. I believe in free market capitalism and I think we should try it. But if it is to be reformed, to me, the big problem is not necessarily the burden on taxpayers. It is the absence of concern toward other companies when an export sale is subsidized, that customer, that foreign customer benefits at the expense of the U.S. customers of that U.S. exporter. And I know that Mr. Hochberg mentioned that they do a cost benefit analysis of all of their pending transactions. I rather doubt that they do that with respect to--they never go into full mode with respect to the impact on downstream industries.    A study that I did took a look at the costs, the costs that are actually imposed on these companies by seeing how important the export product is to the downstream industry as a manufacturing input. And based on that and based on the largess that is doled out to the exporting industry and to the downstream industry, I was able to calculate a cost. The problem is this is a situation of what is seen and that which is not seen. We see the export subsidies and we all seem to like exports and we celebrate that, but we don't often see the impact on the downstream industries. Delta is a big company and it was able to discern it and bring it to the attention of the public. But there are lots of companies, smaller companies, that rely on inputs that don't even really realize that they are being affected in a relative way, vis-a-vis their foreign competitors, so some mechanism that brings that to the fore so that there is a channel through which companies can evaluate the impact on them and maybe seek damages.    That sort of parlays into the second question, the manufacturing sector has many, many victims in a variety of states. It costs about $2.8 billion per year.    Mr. Ikenson. It does because those who benefit, the companies that benefit from it are the ones that are speaking out. They want EXIM. We have heard some stories here about how crucial EXIM is to their businesses. The companies that suffer and then incur costs are often unaware of what is going on.    Mr. Ikenson. Many times they don't know that they are victims. They are not as big as Delta.