    Mr. White. Thank you very much, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee.    I want to thank you for this opportunity to testify on the status of the U.S. nuclear waste program. I am Greg White. I serve as commissioner on the Michigan Public Service Commission. I am testifying today on behalf of NARUC, National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners.    NARUC is a nonprofit organization. It has been around for over 125 years. Members are the public utility commissions in all 50 States and U.S. territories. We are State economic regulators, and we are responsible for ensuring the safe, reliable, and affordable delivery of essential electric utility service in every state. As a result, the success of this program is critical to the delivery of essential electric services.    I would like to raise a few points and then offer some comments in regards to what we think might be able to be done going forward. NARUC was at the table when the 1982 law was passed, and we agreed that it was appropriate for the consumers to pay for this program. The people who benefit from the generation of electricity from nuclear power plants appropriately should pay for it. And the consumers have paid. I would like to point out that the only milestone in the 1982 act that was ever on time was the signing of the contracts that began the collection of money from the consumers. Since then, more than $40 billion has been collected in direct payments and in interest that has accrued in the balance. The current status of the program, the same as it was in 1982; we don't have anything moving forward. The program is at a dead stop.    A couple of other points. I also serve as the chairman of an organization called the Nuclear Waste Strategy Coalition that was formed in 1993. It is a group of State commissions, utility, nuclear utilities, consumer advocates, local communities, and we were formed in 1993. I can tell you that, as somebody who was in the room in 1993, we didn't intend or ever expect that we would still be an organization working on this issue in 2015, some 22 years later.    We also proposed way back in 1994, the Nuclear Waste Strategy Coalition, the creation of a single-purpose entity, a public-private corporation chartered by the Congress to manage this program, removing it from the Department of Energy. That was in 1994. The proposal was rejected pretty much out of hand. The argument was by moving to that new entity, it could delay the progress on the program by up to a year.    We have been involved in several lawsuits, as you know. They have been explained by Mr. Fitz. Chairman Shimkus, I would like to point out one in particular, the suspension of the Nuclear Waste Fund, which we argued we needed to do. We considered that to be a bittersweet win. It was always our intention to pay for the program, to have the consumers pay for the program. But when there was no program after 2010, we could no longer continue to allow hundreds of millions of dollars to be collected from consumers into a fund that was paying for nothing.    So the Department of Energy has had some plans, I will say ``schemes,'' perhaps. The problem is, is that they really have no credibility. There is no budgets. There is no time frames, other than the proposal that was made in 2013 as a result of the Blue Ribbon Commission's recommendations suggested that the Department would make substantial progress towards a national repository by 2048, some 35 years from that date.    My suggestion is, we seem to have learned nothing in the previous 32 years that led up to that point.    So, in conclusion, NARUC has thoughtfully considered the country's viable options. And we think that to move forward on a nuclear waste program, that we have to see credible substantial progress toward achieving the goal. The first step is to complete the licensing review of the Yucca Mountain license application. We also believe that the Nuclear Waste Fund must be managed responsibly and used only for its intended purpose. The management of the Federal responsibilities for integrated-use fuel management would be more successful if it was assigned to a new organization, such as the charter of a new Federal corporation, suggested by the Nuclear Waste Strategy Coalition back in 1994. And, in addition, we believe that there is a need for consolidated interim storage although the amount, basis of need, and duration should be determined.    If implemented in the near term, these steps could create a solid foundation on which to build a viable spent nuclear program. I want to thank you for the opportunity to express my views, and I will be very pleased to take questions.    Mr. White. Yes, and----    Mr. White. Yes, they make sense. It is entirely appropriate for a community that may be hosting this facility to receive some kind of incentive benefits, yes.    Mr. White. A single-purpose entity that would be solely responsible for the management of the program. One of the problems with the Department of Energy's management is that they are a large organization, rather unwieldy. This program tends to be one of the minor focuses of the Department. We need an agency or, again, a public-private corporation that would have the authority and the focus to simply work on this issue alone.