    Mr. Thompson. Madam Chair, thank you so much for this hearing. Thanks to all the panelists for not just being here, but for the work you do in your communities each and every day. This last month I really had the privilege and honor, I hosted a couple of events. The first was at our 100th annual Farm Show in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and we did a listening session. I was joined by several of my colleagues, including the full Agriculture Committee Chairman, Mr. Conaway from Texas, and we really heard from a lot of different aspects of agriculture, but there was a heavy emphasis on food insecurity.    And I heard from just a great champion, Karen Wooding from the Central Pennsylvania Food Bank, and then most recently--just a couple weeks ago I did a visit to a food bank in my home county. We spent some time there talking with the people that were there, looking for nutrition for themselves and their family members. And the wonderful people that run, dedicate themselves, a lot of volunteers, including a pediatrician who was there volunteering. As a former health care professional, I mean, good nutrition is a fundamental building block to good health, there is no doubt about it. And the fact that we are starting to explore that more consciously, and build upon that, and build collaborations, that is part of the fruit we are hoping to yield from the work that is done here. I am not a--I am not going to hear--I don't think there is--we have no preconceived outcome here. I think we want to make this better. We want to make sure we are serving people, and we want to make things operate efficiently, and I am proud of the work that we are doing.    So let me follow up a little bit. Dr. Hesterman, we know there are Americans who are not consuming enough fruits and vegetables, which is why the incentive dollars used specifically for fruits and vegetables make sense. However, some would argue that also allowing incentive dollars to be used for lean meats, dairy, eggs--I saw all that, and I heard about that, and I actually saw that in my food bank visit, the whole use of freeze flash technology, or flash freeze, whatever order that is, it is just amazing what people are able to get access to. It gives it a much longer shelf life, it is nutritious, it is tasty. Should we consider allowing these incentive dollars to be used for those other commodities, lean meats, dairy, eggs, you can fill in the blank, to provide additional nutritional benefits to the consumer, and do you envision most incentive programs will remain focused on fruits and vegetables, or will expand to healthy foods throughout the store and the market?    Mr. Thompson. Okay. Thank you. Now, Dr. Wright, the Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program, or SNAP, acceptance at farmers' markets has been a priority of this Committee to ensure that low-income families have access to fresh fruit and vegetables. We also acknowledge the benefit to both the consumers and the farmer. Additionally, USDA provides up to $4 million per year for states to distribute point of sales equipment. I know that was a topic of discussion earlier.    I wanted to just throw a few details on what is happening now. That is for states to distribute point of sales equipment for individual vendors at farmers' markets to utilize when accepting these transactions. Can you discuss your process for accepting SNAP benefits, and are SNAP customers able to use their EBT cards at the individual vendors, or do they visit a management tent to receive their Bluegrass Dollars? I would love to hear a little bit about what your future visions are. Like Dr. Hesterman--thank you for your vision--in terms of how do we take the stigma off by thinking creatively in the future, and are there other thoughts and ideas you may have on how we reduce that stigma?    Mr. Thompson. And I appreciate you being sensitive to that issue. When we were first starting out in life, my wife and I, she was pregnant with our first son, we were WIC recipients, and that is going back a couple decades----