    Now, we received this report this past Friday, the 26th. We want to thank you for your work on the report. And I know there have been some hearings held by some other committees. But this committee as well wants to hear your thoughts. And understand that you have a very different mission than the Library, the broader Library in itself.    So the purpose of this hearing is not to talk about making the Copyright Office an independent agency--I know that has been a topic in past, but not today--but to focus on the future of the Copyright Office within the Library of Congress and what is needed to ensure that we are able to meet the demands of the digital age.    So I know there is not a statement or such that we would ask you to present, but I know that we will have some questions. And I might start off, if that is OK, and then Ms. Wasserman Schultz, because I think mine is rather simple because it just comes from questions you have probably already received from those who are really trying to utilize the Copyright Office in the right way and have access to it. you have discussed in your report that the IT in the Copyright Office is behind the times, and that may be a little bit of your quote there.    So when, at this point when our Nation has been online for about 20 years now, will we be in the right spot when it comes to the Copyright Office? And why is it taking so long, in your opinion?    Ms. Pallante. Well, thank you, Chairman Graves. And before I answer your question, thank you for the support of the committee the last couple of years, with respect especially to our registration program. We were able to add to our depleted staff and that has really made a difference.    So this report is part reacting to what experts in the office know to be deficiencies currently, but it is very much looking to where the copyright system is going as well. So I wanted to make that point because I think good government is future focused.    And we know that, for example, people will be registering on phones. They want to look on their tablets to find out who owns what. They want to create software APIs to collect our data and create, say, a new delivery service. And so we are focused on that, where is the system, where is the marketplace.    What I would say in direct response to your question is that when the Copyright Office--and this is all before our time--first went online, the way that it was constructed was that the Copyright Office would control at the application level the software interface that customers see, but the underlying IT would be controlled by the Library agencywide.    Over time, I think that has broken down, in part just because what we do is incredibly complex. It is a 24/7 focus. It is inefficient to try to explain our needs to a different department. And that department doesn't have the benefit of working side by side with the experts in the Copyright Office.    So everybody else--and some of my division heads are here today--are by my side. The recordation staff, the registration staff, the statutory license experts, the policy team, the lawyers, the operations people. But the IT is not with us. And that is, I think, where we are. I also think that we have been underresourced.    Ms. Pallante. Which I thought you probably knew I would say. I mean, we have a plan. That was the long history. But the good news is we can not only fix the deficiencies, but I think get ahead of them. That is the goal.    Ms. Pallante. Yes, no, I agree. That has been my talking point from the moment I became Register 5 years ago.    So you are talking about the back end of the system as opposed to the filing side of the system. So the system, I think, probably was designed primarily to allow people that used to register with paper to do the same thing online. And it is searchable. I mean, I don't know if you are hearing that it is not searchable. It is not whiz, bang, Internet savvy searchable. I think that is what people are saying, and we agree, and it should be.    And why is that important? Because you want to generate participation in the system and you want people to be found once they have registered with the government. And they don't have to. It is a voluntary system.    And we are trying to create a platform where people can find out that so-and-so owns the rights or part of the rights. You have many rights holders owning various parts of work, music, the audio-visual, the underlying text, and you want to be able not just to find them and then call them, you want to be able to connect to the metadata and know exactly who owns what. But you also want to know if there are no rights owners, it is in public domain, you can use it.    Ms. Pallante. Yes.    Ms. Pallante. It is searchable within a reasonable timeframe.    Ms. Pallante. But not all records going back to the Civil War are searchable. So it is basically after 1978. And most of those things are what people are using, but there is a historical piece that has not yet been digitized, because the system started--it was a different system starting at that point in time.    So the modernization effort would be comprehensive. You have to fix the filing side. You have to generate interest and participation and encourage people to put their data into the government system. And then you want to make it clearly searchable, user friendly, so that people can come and use that data and use it for a different kind of business on the back end.    Ms. Pallante. Yes, music is a great example. Music is the best example, because if you are a music creator, you want to be able to tap into an app or a program that you are creating the music in and register seamlessly, not log off, log onto our funky system, put your data in, hope that it catches up.    Then on the back end, if you are an innovative music delivery service, you should be able to come and get all of the benefit of the government data on equal footing and build your business from that.    And so we are supporting industries on both sides of the copyright equation. That is a good use of government. That is what we have been saying.just receive your plan on Friday.    Ms. Pallante. Yes.    Ms. Pallante. Yes, that is correct.    Ms. Pallante. Sure. So we have gone out with the Federal Register process. It is in motion. You will have comments from us, I would say, the first week in April. It closes on the 31st of March, I think.    If I were to prejudge it, I think what you are going to hear is that it should be a mix of appropriations and fees, as it always has been, especially because you are potentially asking, if you focus mostly on fees, one group of contributors to the economy to fund the other part of the economy or subsidize them. It will feel that way to people because we don't charge them----    Ms. Pallante. I wasn't even getting into the small versus large. I just mean the copyright owners who are filing and paying to put the data in versus those who would benefit from using it and building different businesses on the back end based on the fact that they have access to the licenses or the data or the royalties, whatever it might be. And that is free, and I think it has always been free. And again, we want to government to provide a platform for that kind of exchange.    So, I guess, I am just saying that I think it is probably not the case that you are going to hear that the people paying into the system feel like they should pay for all of the modernization, especially because, as the chairman said, some of the complaints are on the back end. They want to be able to search on the back end.    So because it is a voluntary system, it is an art. You will also see that big copyright owners are probably willing to subsidize small copyright owners. We already took their temperature on that a little bit this last fee schedule. But they also expect better service, and they expect their fees to be put directly back into the copyright system. And that is, I think, part and parcel to this plan.    Ms. Pallante. Yes. I think, because, again, because we haven't----    Ms. Pallante. The ability of the Copyright Office to spend fees for IT is very limited because the IT is not ours. It is agencywide IT. And so if you are asking them to pay more, I think--and this is what we are hearing--the fees have to be put back directly into the copyright system infrastructure, planning, IT, operability, focus.    Ms. Pallante. Well, eventually they go to the Treasury. They come through Pay.gov. I think the issue is the more you charge, the more that they want to see the results.    Ms. Pallante. I don't think you could say that they are--because we are not picking IT systems based on the copyright system, we are picking agencywide systems. There is that concern then of course the system is not working right now for copyright owners or for copyright users.    That doesn't mean there aren't synergies. That doesn't mean that the Copyright Office and the Library shouldn't have shared services, that we shouldn't have points where we touch. It just means that we have to recognize that there may not be a one-size-fits-all.    And this has been a very long time coming, and I think most people agree with that. It is just figuring out what the points of alignment are and allowing the office to take over the IT that it is an expert in or allow them to work next to the experts.    Ms. Pallante. Oh, yes. I mean, it doesn't have anything to do with the constitutional, legal arguments about whether there are conflicts and what the structure should be and the interagency process with other IP organizations and the government.    It only is saying that we built it, we built an online registration system. Recordation is still paper. We have all of these other things we need to connect. It is unlikely we can do that in the current paradigm where we are going to a central IT office and saying, as one of your many clients, here are our needs, because this plan is a 24/7, 5-year plan and it is going to take that. And it takes being in the Copyright Office.    So we have a tiny, little team right now, and we have no responsibility for administering IT as to the underlying systems, the servers, et cetera. And it is stressful. We had an outage. It was extremely stressful for the Copyright Office. Because in part--I mean, things happen--but in part it is because we are on the outside of those failures or plans.    I don't know if I answered your question.