    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you very much, Chairman Thornberry and distinguished members of the committee, for having us here today. We are looking forward to the conversation. And I am sending my best wishes to Ranking Member Smith for a speedy recovery. I know he is not enjoying that process.    The Chairman. Madam, excuse me. Would you mind getting that microphone right in front of you?    Secretary Wormuth. Sure. That better?    The Chairman. That is better. The only way it works is talking right into it. So thank you.    Secretary Wormuth. It is a pleasure to be here to talk with you about certainly a top priority for Secretary Carter and myself, which is our rebalance to Asia-Pacific.    I am also very pleased to be here alongside Admiral Locklear and General Scaparrotti. We work closely together on a lot of different issues. They are doing a tremendous job, and the men and women who are out there working in Pacific Command and at U.S. Forces Korea are really the day-to-day face of our rebalance for a lot of countries in the region. So we really appreciate the work that they do.    Both Secretary Carter and I have recently come back from Asia, different parts of the region, but I think we both heard in a very resounding way a lot of support from the countries out there for the rebalance that we have undertaken, and also a lot of desire to have even greater U.S. leadership and engagement with the countries that are there.    In the past 70 years it has obviously been a time of tremendous change and opportunity for the Asia-Pacific region. As nations there rise and become more prosperous it has created a lot of opportunity. At the same time, the dynamism in the region has also created a much more complex security environment in which we are now operating.    In particular, China's very rapid military modernization, its opaque defense budget, the--its actions in space and cyberspace, and its behavior in places like the East and South China Seas raise a number of serious questions for us. Though China's expanding interests are a natural part of its rise, it does continue to pursue activities and to make investments that lead many countries in the region, including the United States, to have some serious questions about its long-term intentions.    China's behavior in the maritime domain, I think, in particular, has created significant friction for its neighbors. The government's efforts to incrementally advance its claims in the East and South China Sea, and its extensive land reclamation activities, particularly the prospect of further militarizing those outposts, are very concerning to us. We have urged China to show restraint and to refrain from further activities that undermine regional trust.    We also have continued to urge China to clarify the meaning of its ambiguous ``nine-dash line'' claim as a starting point as a way to start reducing tensions and provide greater transparency to countries in the region.    While the United States and China are not allies, we also don't have to be adversaries. I think both of us, both the United States and China recognize that a constructive U.S.-China relationship is essential for global peace and prosperity. We are therefore not only talking to China about actions they undertake that concern us, but we are also talking to them and undertaking activities to build transparency and to improve understanding, particularly through our military-to-military engagement with the PLA .    We also face a number of other challenges, obviously, in the region. Particularly I think of greatest concern to us in DOD is North Korea's dangerous pursuit of ballistic missiles and its weapons of mass destruction program. North Korea, as you all know, has repeatedly demonstrated its willingness to use provocations as a means to achieve its ends. And just in the last year, we saw a very significant cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment.    There are also other challenges in the region that are magnified by a growing range of nontraditional threats, such as the increased flow of foreign fighters both to and from Asia, the trafficking of illegal goods and people, and devastating natural disasters such as the cyclone we saw last month in Vanuatu.    So in response to these shifting dynamics, DOD has consistently worked to implement President Obama's whole-of-government strategy towards rebalancing in the Asia-Pacific. One of the most important pieces of the administration's work in the area of the rebalance is to finalize the Trans-Pacific Partnership . Our military strength ultimately rests on the foundation of our vibrant and growing economy, so we believe strongly that TPP is not just part of our economic agenda, but is also a very important part of our national security agenda. And I would urge Congress to pass Trade Promotion Authority and allow negotiators to conclude this very important agreement.    In DOD, we are really focused in terms of the rebalance on a couple of key lines of effort. First is strengthening our security relationships with allies and partners in the region. In Japan, for example, we are very close to completing a historic update of the defense guidelines, which really wouldn't have been possible a decade ago. We are also working with the Republic of Korea to develop a comprehensive set of alliance capabilities to counter the North Korean threat. And in Australia and the Philippines, last year we signed important, groundbreaking posture agreements that will give us enhanced access for our forces and also allow us a lot of new, combined training opportunities for our partners in Australia and the Philippines.    Our strong friendships in the region also go beyond traditional alliances to some of our new relationships, particularly in South and Southeast Asia. In addition to our very strong partnership with Singapore, where I just visited a couple weeks ago, we also are strengthening our relationships with countries like Indonesia, Malaysia, and Vietnam. And finally, we are investing, of course, in our partnership with ASEAN , which is really leading the way in terms of trying to build a more robust security architecture in the region.    And lastly, in terms of relationships, the U.S.-India relationship is a very important and very exciting partnership. As you all know, just this January, President Obama and Prime Minister Modi signed a Joint Vision Statement. We also completed the first update in 10 years to our Defense Framework with India, and we concluded four ``pathfinder'' projects for technology development with India under the Defense Trade and Technology Initiative.    In tandem with our efforts to modernize relationships in the Pacific, the Department is also updating our forward presence. And this isn't just about putting more assets into the region. It is also about using those assets in new ways. For example, we have developed a more distributed model for our Marine Corps that is reducing our concentrated presence in Okinawa through relocating marines to Australia, Guam, Hawaii, and mainland Japan.    The Navy is also working more on its rotational presence concept to include being on track to have our goal of having four Littoral Combat Ships rotating through Singapore by 2017. We have had two of our LCS ships go to Singapore already. And the Army will be initiating its first rotational deployment of a brigade combat team to the Korean Peninsula later this spring.    Finally, and I think going very much to the issue of the technology concerns that the committee is interested in, we are also bringing our best capabilities to the Asia-Pacific region. We are making significant investments to sustain our American technological edge into the future in the air, land, sea, and undersea domains. We are investing in precision munitions that will increase our ability to strike adversaries from greater standoff distances and we are working on new capabilities to allow us to continue to operate freely in space and cyberspace.    All of these efforts demonstrate the seriousness of our Department's commitment to protecting U.S. military primacy in the Asia-Pacific theater. And our focus on technology is really the impetus for our Defense Innovation Initiative, which is a long-term, comprehensive effort to make sure that we enhance our military competitive edge even as we face budget constraints.    The Department's rebalance efforts, as well those of our interagency colleagues, are part of a long-term project that reflect, I think, the enduring interest the United States has in the Asia-Pacific region. We look forward to continuing to work with Congress on the rebalance. And I look forward to questions. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Admiral.    Secretary Wormuth. Congresswoman Sanchez, thank you very much for that question.    We are still in the process now of working with the Department of State, our colleagues there, to work through how best to leverage the partial lifting of the lethal weapons ban. But certainly a part of those consultations is looking at the human rights picture in Vietnam. And we are very much, even as we in the Department of Defense are very interested in deepening our relationship with Vietnam, we also are committed to pushing for greater progress on the human rights front. So that is something that we are very much taking into account as we look at how best to work with Vietnam.    I think it is fair to say that, broadly speaking, the kinds of capabilities that we think that would be most useful for Vietnam in terms of its security needs are those that are--that would be helpful to them in terms of maritime security, in terms of maritime domain awareness, in terms of helping them strengthen their ability to provide humanitarian assistance and disaster relief.    So those are the kinds of areas that we are focused on with them and looking at what kinds of arms might be relevant to that. But we are still in the process of figuring out how best to approach specific items they might be interested in.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, I think, first, as you know, we don't take a position on the territorial claims, but we are very much committed to wanting to see countries in the region work through diplomacy to try to resolve those territorial disputes. So we are focused on encouraging all of the countries to seek peaceful means for resolution and to use diplomacy and use available mechanisms.    At the same time, I think helping countries in the region like Vietnam, but other countries as well, strengthen, again, their own maritime security capabilities and their own maritime domain awareness capabilities is helpful to them in terms of them being able to, again, maintain some visibility over their territorial waters, for example. And I don't know whether Admiral Locklear would want to add on that.    Secretary Wormuth. First and foremost, we are working with the State Department, again, I think, to try to make sure that we have agreement on what are the basic policy parameters for how we would approach how best to leverage the partial lifting of the ban. We are then in consultations with Vietnam about what their needs are.    So the State Department really has the lead on the--on talking with them about human rights and the importance of making progress in that area. We reinforce that message. But we have a process internal to our government to sort of lay out our basic parameters, and then we have an ongoing dialogue with Vietnam about what their needs are.    And that is a very active dialogue. My Assistant Secretary for Asia-Pacific Affairs is actually a former ambassador to Vietnam, so we have a very active conversation with them.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, I certainly agree that, as I said in my opening remarks, the foundation of our vitality as a country is a strong economy, and that underpins our ability to have a strong military. And, again, I think that is one of the reasons why we in the Defense Department have been expressing our support for important agreements like the Trans-Pacific Partnership, for example.    I think China, again, you know we have a very independent global--interdependent global economy at this point, and we are very important customers for China, as are many other countries around the world. So I think having a robust and growing economy in the United States is important and the Chinese see the value of that for them. We have--and I also think they recognize very much that even as they modernize their military, the United States military remains the premier military force in the world.    And then, in addition to our very strong technological track record, we also have an operational track record that is unmatched. I mean, our military's combat experience is unmatched by almost any country in the world, and it has been honed over the last more than 10 years. And I think China very much respects that as we, as we talk to them about our concerns.    Secretary Wormuth. Just to add on that, I think we anticipate finishing up the defense guidelines right around the time that Prime Minister Abe comes to Washington later this month.    Secretary Wormuth. And a couple of things I think that are really notable and important about the defense guidelines are, first of all, that there will be a whole section that really speaks to the collective self-defense vision that Japan has for the role of its Self-Defense Forces. But it also will have a new alliance coordination mechanism which will again further our ability to work with Japan, to help Japan with its security needs, but also to look at our security needs.    There will be a section on peacetime cooperation in the areas of ISR, maritime domain awareness, missile defense. We will also have a whole section that looks at international activities, as well as additional cooperation in space and cyber.    So I think it will be, you know, a really important document to bring the alliance to the next level.    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Congressman.    I think, as Congressman Forbes talked about in terms of the Coast Guard capabilities, for example, or the maritime law enforcement capabilities that China has, China has been--China uses those assets to assert, to try to assert additional control over what it sees as its territorial claims. And I think that is a way where they are sort of using assets in an unconventional way.    We are really focused, I think, on the building partner capacity side in trying to help partners in the region. Some of the smaller countries in Southeast Asia, for example, work on their own maritime security capabilities to try to counter that kind of unconventional use of assets.    We also, though, are looking at, on the more technology side, we are looking at certainly our intelligence capabilities and are trying to strengthen our information operation capabilities, for example. And those capabilities are relevant, obviously, not just in the Asia-Pacific theater, but in many theaters around the world. I think, you know, we have seen a considerable use of unconventional techniques in Europe recently, given Russia's activities in Ukraine, for example.    Secretary Wormuth. Well, Congressman, we are certainly concerned, obviously, about North Korea's weapons of mass destruction capability, and its nuclear program in particular. You know, we--North Korea has not tested some of its capabilities, and we don't yet fully know what they are able to do in terms of their ability to miniaturize, for example, a nuclear weapon. But it is our assessment that it is prudent to plan for the worst-case scenario, which is why we are so focused on our national missile defense program, for example, and why we have made the investments to expand the number of Ground-Based Interceptors from 30 to 44, to try to make sure that we are keeping track with that, with that threat.    I think fundamentally the North Korean regime believes that having a nuclear capability under--basically guarantees their regime survival, which is why they see it as so important. I would ask, I think, General Scaparrotti to elaborate.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, we are again, I think, at this point in time of the view that it would be beneficial to remain in the INF Treaty if possible if Russia comes back into compliance, and we continue to have conversations with Russia about that.    There will come a point in time where, if Russia continues to be noncompliant, I think we will have to take action to deal with the military capabilities that they are potentially putting in place that are not compliant with the treaty. This is something that is discussed at very senior levels. You know, there are any number of Principals Committee meetings where this type of conversation may come up.    Secretary Wormuth. I think, Congressman, again, this is something that we are looking at very carefully. I think, you know, our view is it would be beneficial to keep them in the treaty if possible. So we have not yet made that decision, but we recognize that we cannot let the current situation go on for an indeterminate period.    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you. I will take that back and we will get back to you.    Secretary Wormuth. Congressman, if I may. I think, a, you are absolutely right, and both the admiral and general are right, that China in particular I think has identified space as a potential vulnerability area. They see that--they see being able to hit us in space as an important way to try to come after us if that were ever to come to pass.    Given the importance of space to all of our joint force, that is one of the areas in the PB16 budget where we made some very specific and significant targeted investments to try to make sure that we stay ahead of that curve. And I think it was very much coming from the place of recognizing that that is an important capability that sort of underpins all of our ability to be effective.    Secretary Wormuth. I think, Congressman, what I would say here is that, again, we very much recognize that one of the key advantages we have is the networked space-enabled force that our military has. And we want to make sure that we protect that capability and that we continue to have the ability to keep our forces able to operate in that networked environment, and we know that there are potential adversaries that are trying to break that capability.    If it is all right with you, I would be happy to have a team come up and brief you about our space policy in a classified setting. I think that would be able to address your concerns.    Secretary Wormuth. Thank you, Congressman.    I think that Under Secretary Kendall, as he often does, was making a very good point. And we are very much looking at the strides that countries in the Asia-Pacific region are making in terms of science and technology and mathematics. And it is clear that in our country we don't--have a harder time, for any number of reasons, convincing our young people to go into those areas, but it is critical. And making sure that we have the educational policy and funding for those types of skills is what we are going to need very much to be able to remain competitive in those fields in the future.    And I think Secretary Carter has talked about this issue as well. And not only do we need to find ways to get more folks into those areas as they pursue their higher education, but also we are looking at how in the Department of Defense do we find ways to bring more people with those types of skills into our system, because part of what we need to do to be able to remain competitive and to be innovative and to get after some of these technology challenges is to be able to bring in those sort of fresh people with new, fresh ideas. And that is something that our Department probably needs to be a little more agile about.    Secretary Wormuth. I am happy to speak a little bit to Japan. Again, I think we have an incredibly strong relationship and alliance with Japan, and that will be renewed and I think brought to the next level with the completion of the defense guidelines that are going to be completed by the end of this month.    They, as you know, are buying a large number of F-35s. They have expressed an intent to buy the V-22. They also are working on upgrading their Aegis platforms. They are working with us on Global Hawk. So they are also, I think, doing a tremendous amount to upgrade their capabilities. And then we also have a very significant cooperative production project with them for the SM-3 II missile. That is a $3.2 billion cooperative program with Japan.