    Mr. Mukasey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to the ranking number, and thanks in particular to the Committee for having this hearing. I do not want to simply run through the statement that I submitted to the Committee; it is in the record.    I am particularly pleased to see that the Committee is holding this hearing because, you know, the founders thought that the Senate would be the saucer in which the passions that might be unleashed in the House would be cooled. This bill, as was pointed out earlier, went through the Senate by a voice vote with no hearing. So, it is a pleasure to see the House serving as the saucer that the founders thought the Senate would be.    There are two principal problems with this bill: one is reciprocity and the other is futility. Reciprocity, I think, has been an alluded to. It is not that it would open U.S. courts--that is, it would open liability of foreign governments in U.S. courts--it is that it would open U.S. personal overseas to retaliation overseas. We are the most present country in the world. We are in more places with more people than anybody else in the world; we are the only superpower in the world right now. We want to stay that way.    I think that passing a bill like this which chips away at the concept of sovereign immunity can only hurt us; because we are the most present country in the world, it cannot help us. And there are not only hostile countries, but friendly countries, where there are people who would like to see us held to account for things that they think we ought to be held to account for.    The former Secretary of Defense, Donald Rumsfeld, was threatened with prosecution in Belgium of all places, until it was pointed out that we could pull are NATO headquarters out of Brussels, and they came to their senses. There have been prosecutions of our armed forces in Italy; there are threats to do, as it was pointed out by the State Department, some of our people in Egypt were prosecuted in those courts.    And the courts in foreign countries, where people have an interest in doing this, are much less controlled, and much less fair than our own courts. And there is no indication necessarily that this would be limited to court proceedings, that they would pass an identical statute. They are going to use this as an excuse to chip away at sovereign immunity.    From what I can think of, there are only really two countries--three countries that have anything terrible to lose here. One is the United States, the other is the U.K., and the third is Israel. And those three countries have the most to lose from chipping away at that content.    As to futility, I cannot do really any better than Judge Royce Lamberth of the D.C. District Court in a case called in Iranian terrorism cases, in which he called those cases against Iran, which is already on the foreign terrorist sponsor list, unsustainable, because in essence, sovereign assets are not subjected to attachment; and what you create is essentially a bridge to nowhere.    This is not going to help the people it is intended to help. The only people I think it can help are trial lawyers. And I do not see passing a bill in aid of that.    I would also like to respond to a couple of questions that were raised in the course of the questioning before. One actually was in the initial comments of Chairman Goodlatte who said that, you know, if a foreign government gives a bomb to a terrorist organization, and they drop it, here, why should they not be subject to suit here? That is an act of war under any standard of international law. And when FDR went in front of Congress on December 8, 1941, he did not ask Congress to strip the sovereign immunity of Japan, and open it up to lawsuits for what they did at Pearl Harbor; he asked for a declaration of war.    There are obviously steps short of war that we can take, and those were outlined by the State Department. But that is the way we respond to conduct like that. As to the question of why it is that courts should not respond, I think Judge Lambert said specifically that courts are not suited to respond to this, and the Constitution says why courts should not respond.    The Constitution places in the hands of the executive the exclusive right to conduct foreign relations. It does not give it to Article III courts. And having been in an Article III court, I know that Article III courts take on a lot of reasonabilities, but I do not think that ought to be one. Thank you.    Mr. Mukasey. Thank you very much.    Mr. Mukasey. I think the principal problem with that analysis is that JASTA does not itself determine its own application. There was a philosopher a long time ago named Ludwig Wittgenstein who stated that principal--no rule determines its own application. This can be applied, and invoked, by anybody who wants to sue.    It is not going to be established that a country was not involved in aiding and abetting terrorism unless and until a complaint is filed, discovery is engaged in, the country's diplomatic and national security matters are probed into in a United States court, and they are subjected to all the processes of discovery in a United States court that, frankly, interfere with the ability of this country to conduct its foreign relations, and terrify foreign governments, and I think justly. That is the problem.    Mr. Mukasey. It is not a question of suing us; it is a question of using this as a pretext, either for lawsuits, which would be, you know, one thing; but for other kinds of harassment of our people--military, diplomatic, and so on, it is a pretext, not that their going to enact identical legislation. That is not the way it works. They do things that interfere with our sovereign immunity, whether by harassing our diplomats or our soldiers. And then when we - - -    Mr. Mukasey. They would not have the pretext of this statute that does not even depend on an executive determination of status as a foreign sponsor of terrorism. We are letting basically anybody walk into court and say, ``We think this entity is a foreign sponsor of terrorism.''    Mr. Mukasey. I am not sure I understand the question.    Mr. Mukasey. No.    Mr. Mukasey. Not necessarily, but if that is the reality of international relations then it is a whole lot better then airing our----    Mr. Mukasey . National security secrets in a tribunal overseas. Do I think it is desirable? No. Do I think it is better than the alternative?    Mr. Mukasey. Yes.    Mr. Mukasey. It was for war crimes.    Mr. Mukasey. Because we are talking about far different scale, and a far different kind of involvement. Those were narrow acts focused on particular people, where a lawsuit took place on United States soil. This is something----    Mr. Mukasey. Understood, but this is something far different. The scale is far different, the alleged involvement is far different.    Mr. Mukasey. That is a large part of it. I mean, one of the questions raised before was what if they passed legislation that mirrored what we are doing here? The issue is not mirror; the issue is caricature.    Mr. Mukasey. Only with a lot of hesitation and a lot of study, neither of which has been present here. This thing flew past the Senate with no hearings.    Mr. Mukasey. I understand that, and I commend you for it.    Mr. Mukasey. There is terrorism exception when the United States Government has designated a foreign state as state sponsored terror.    Mr. Mukasey. So that takes care of the issue of who decides initially that this lawsuit should even go on, because----    Mr. Mukasey. Correct.    Mr. Mukasey. A complaint gets filed.    Mr. Mukasey. That complaint is judged solely on its four corners. In other words, do the allegations in the complaint allege a claim? Not is there any evidence to support the claim, et cetera. You then go through what is known fondly as discovery, which is an exercise that involves probing into the documents and the witnesses on each side. In a civil case, that is an unexceptional exercise.    When you are talking about litigating, with respect to the involvement of a foreign government, you are talking about subjecting their internal deliberations, their national security documents, their documents that may very well involve cooperation with the United States, to public scrutiny in a court, and it becomes a very different matter, and there are very different considerations. That can be done by anyone, regardless of whether it serves the interest of the United States or disservices them, and that is what I think is objectionable.