    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I would like very much to yield, at this moment, to Mr. Clyburn.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    I would like to just expound a little on this. I am wondering, if we are giving States, the authority--the Governors--to spend this money, do we set any parameters on how they should be using this money? Should we be thinking about a model of how that money should be addressed when coming into States during and after emergencies?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. I am concerned about the methodology FEMA uses to modify flood insurance maps for my State, which is New Jersey. It is also New York. I mean, it is probably other States, too, in the country.    These maps are an important tool developed to quantify flood risk all around the country, and they are used not only to determine flood insurance premiums--which is an issue for me--but also to guide building codes and mitigation activities. Subsequently, the determinations have significant real-world consequences for families and business owners.    To date, dozens of New Jersey municipalities have appealed these preliminary firms as currently drafted. The fundamental methodological errors including, but not limited to, inadequacies in validation and deficient HUD effects have resulted in erroneous estimates of the 1 percent flood risk elevation by several feet.    So, Administrator, I would like to ask you, when reviewing these appeals are you considering the impact that potentially flawed methodology would have on the preliminary firms for the communities of New Jersey and elsewhere? What are you, what is FEMA, doing to address the issue?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. So does FEMA offer technical assistance and guidance and--okay, thank you. Another piece of this, and this particularly affects Bound Brook in my district. Bound Brook has been working on a $130 million flood control project for a number of years. Through the Army Corps of Engineers as well as FEMA and everybody else actively engaged, I took a tour of this just before coming here, last week. They are waiting. Even though they have met these conditions, they are waiting for a certification that will affect their insurance rates. They are being told that they won't get that certification until well into 2016.    Is this an issue that you see in other communities, and is there something that we can do when communities have engaged in these long-term projects and do qualify for better rates in their insurance? Because this is really affecting some of our owners.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. That is a really important issue because I know FEMA is always busy with the here and now. But this is the after-effect when people have made the decisions and done the things that they have been asked to do. So we need to apply the resources to those so that they are no longer negatively impacted financially with their insurance rates. If that is an issue with a lack of resources with FEMA we need to address that.    Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.    Mrs. Watson Coleman. You didn't see that movie?    Mrs. Watson Coleman. Now you know it.