    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wore them just for you.    Mr. Payne. Yeah, right.    I would also like to thank you for holding this hearing.    It is good that we are having this hearing immediately following the full committee hearing with Administrator Neffenger yesterday.    Recently, wait times have been a major cause of concern within our Nation's airports. Last week, for example, due to extreme wait times, the Transportation Security Administration reallocated resources to Chicago Midway International Airport and Newark Liberty Airport to decrease the length of screening lines.    While I am pleased that TSOs are being given the opportunity to be converted to full-time and the administration has taken steps to address the problem in the interim, we need to find a viable long-term solution to this problem. Reallocating, or taking one airport's resources and giving it to another, will only fix the problem temporarily.    For the summer travel period, TSA predicted that nearly 740 million individuals will use commercial aviation travel, which happens to be the most air travelers this country has ever seen. In contrast, TSOs, who are responsible for screening passengers and baggage, are at some of the lowest numbers we have seen in years.    This is due in large part to limited resources. Under former Administrator Pistole, the agency pivoted to risk-based security, a frame of mind that we focus our resources on individuals who we know less about, and rightfully so.    However, this methodology also came with programs that were not sustainable due to security risk, such as Managed Inclusion 2, which has since ceased. Although they are still using a risk-based approach, it does not take away from the fact that the amount of officers, when compared to the number of people traveling, is insufficient.    Last week, the Subcommittee on Transportation Security held a roundtable discussion with the airports, and many important things were discussed. There were general agreements that BDOs could be used in other roles throughout the screener model. Yesterday, we learned TSA agrees and supports the Federal security directors having the flexibility to use BDOs in different ways.    We also heard concern on whether or not Federal security directors had enough flexibility to operate as necessary checkpoints with staffing. The administrator testified yesterday that he believed that they always had such flexibility and that he worked to ensure that they knew that they had this flexibility.    Now we get to hear more perspectives from stakeholders who are intimately involved with the commercial aviation and airlines and airports themselves. Today I look forward to hearing what your experiences throughout this issue have been, as well as how you view the steps that are being taken.    I would also like to thank President Cox from AFGE for being here to serve as the voice of the workforce. TSOs represent the front line in our efforts to secure the commercial aviation sector. They do an outstanding job screening passengers and their belongings, and often unfairly receive the majority of the blame for this issue. Their perspective is absolutely vital in this conversation.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I ask unanimous consent that 2 letters from AFGE to President Obama and Secretary Johnson be inserted in the record.    Mr. Payne. Thank you.    Ms. Beairsto, in response to the issues at your airport and others around the Nation, Secretary Johnson and Administrator Neffenger announced plans to address the lines, including additional resources. Has the administration's response to the wait times within your airports been effective and has it had a positive effect? To this point, I hear a lot that we have the additional resources coming in but have not heard how it has impacted your wait times in a positive manner, if it has.    Mr. Payne. Okay. So what would you say the wait times as opposed to what they were are now, specifically?    Mr. Payne. Yeah. I have Newark International in my district, and we really have had the same experiences you have been having in Chicago based on the hub that we are. Also with the Port Authority having 3 airports under its purview has been a major hang-up with the wait times. We have had the resources moved in Newark as they have in Chicago and it has dramatically impacted the ability to move passengers in a timely manner.    Ms. Allin, within your testimony you note that the BDOs could be useful in other positions within the screening model. Could you expound for the committee on your thoughts on achieving efficiencies through using the Behavior Detection Officers?    Mr. Payne. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Payne. Okay. My time is winding down, but I just wanted to say to Mr. Cox, all throughout this discussion over the past several weeks that I have kept the TSOs in mind and have made sure that my colleagues have some idea of what they go through and the strain that they are under based on these long wait times as well. They are our last line of defense, and we need to make sure that they have the resources that they need in order to do the job well. We can't afford them not to. They have to be right 100 percent of the time.    So I just wanted to put that on the record. I yield back.    Mr. Payne. Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Payne. Just an observation before we close.    Ms. McSally, you should have not left Homeland. I see you more now.    Mr. Payne. Well, we miss you there.    Mr. Payne. All right.