    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I--Mr. Chairman, we have worked together on many issues that relate to FAA reauthorization, and I appreciate working together. And there is much agreement, a couple of disagreements outside of the area of ATO , which we will go through tomorrow.    The ATO is the major stumbling block, and I believe it jeopardizes all of the other work, the essential work in that bill that deals with drones and, you know, other safety issues, a whole host of issues: certification reform, which we have--been long overdue, which is crucial to keeping our lead and manufacturing and software that relates to aviation in the world. And I fear that this proposal jeopardizes that.    We do agree on enduring issues that Congress identified in the 1990s--1996 attempted to reform procurement and personnel at the FAA. The FAA blew it off. I will have targeted proposals on procurement and personnel, which I will offer tomorrow. And then, yes, there have been tremendous problems, and I believe, in part, NATCA is here today because they are still really angry about sequestration shutdowns and layoffs that happened because of the budget shenanigans which were, of course, caused by the majority party.    Now, how do we protect ourselves against Congress is a big issue. This is one particular solution. I believe there is a better solution, because this one actually fails that test. I raised last summer the issue that this would be unconstitutional. We cannot devolve regulatory or ratemaking and other competitive impacting issues to a private entity under the Constitution. It is very, very clear we can't do that.    I was first blown off, but now the chairman's proposal actually recognizes it, and we have what I would call a Rube Goldberg, which I would like them to put up on the screen now.    Mr. DeFazio. And I guess this is the diagram of how this would work. Here is the new private ATC Corporation. Now, if they make a decision over here on aviation taxes, they have to refer that to the Secretary of Transportation, who has 45 days, yea or nay.    Then it can be rejected, in which case the Corporation goes to court. Or they can be accepted, and passenger fees go up. No involvement of that messy little Congress thing in raising the fees on passengers or any other users of the system.    Now, let's say that they want to change flight paths into an airport, including a metropolitan airspace that might have some noise implications. Well, that is what you call an external diseconomy. They don't care about noise. It is cheaper to come in over this route. So there is a lot of objections to it. It goes to the Secretary, the Secretary decides it.    In any case, this is how it would all work. There is one exception for--contract air towers are exempt from this scheme. But everything else that relates to ATO would be in it, which is kind of odd that we would exempt the contract towers.    Now, I think this is a potential morass. And we did just receive--and I regret it came out today, but look, we have been talking about this for 30 years. We have had the bill 1 week, we are holding one hearing with four witnesses, and we are marking the bill up tomorrow. The largest devolution of public assets to a private interest in I said the history of America. My colleague this morning, Earl Blumenauer, said, ``No, in the history of the world this is bigger than what happened in Russia when the oligarchs took over public assets.''    We are talking about an asset--no one has valued it--worth between $30 billion and $50 billion that will be given to the private Corporation free of charge. That is unprecedented. There have been two privatizations, one privatization in Canada--they paid $1.4 billion, it was later found that it was undervalued by about $1 billion. I believe in Britain they paid a little over $1 billion for it. We are going to take a much larger entity, controlling a lot of real estate, some in some very expensive areas like New York City, and we are going to give it to a private Corporation. And the day after they establish, they can do with those assets whatever they wish. They can sell them, and we have no say. That, I think, is a cause for real concern.    There are other major transition issues. Yes, there have been 81, actually, countries that have transitioned to a different form on ATO. Only two are private, unless you count the Emirates, where they control everything, including the airlines, so I won't talk about them. But there were huge transition issues in all these countries.    There is a MITRE report, which I would recommend to people to look at, which raises concerns, as was referenced, you know, earlier, on how long this transition might take, and how disruptive it could be of the progress we are making on NextGen. I believe it could be very, very disruptive.    And we have today--and again, I regret it just came out today, but it is like everything else here, we have to rush for the biggest change in our aviation system since it was created in its modern form in the 1950s, which took 2 years. In 1 week and 1 day we are going to spout it out of this committee. I think that is wrong, I think we should take more time. I think we should have more discussion of these issues, I think we should have more hearings, and I think we should work through this more thoughtfully, and over a longer period of time.    The GAO --Mr. Chairman, you took 11 minutes and 35 seconds, so I hope you are not going to tell me to be quiet, because I am nowhere near there yet.    Mr. DeFazio. OK, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. The GAO report that came out this morning raises very, very serious questions, which will not be answered between today and tomorrow. They couldn't possibly be answered between today and tomorrow. And this is where they went out and surveyed 33 aviation experts about the privatization proposal. And again, I regret it only came out today, but this whole thing is being hurried through.    Finally, you know, the issue before us about airspace, it was a statement the chairman made--and I hate to disagree with my chairman, but if someone controls the routes, and they control the conditions under which you access those routes, and they control the investment in the system itself, which means maybe we don't want to invest in things that serve medium and small cities--they aren't profit centers; why should we be putting investment there--you know, we are keeping control of the airspace? I guess there is some technical way we are keeping control of it, but none of that will be subject to any elected Representative.    Now, in some cases, maybe that is good, and some other cases maybe that is not so good. In some cases that might be really, really bad for a certain community, parts of the country, or a certain user of the system, or maybe passengers themselves, who will perhaps now be charged a new fee for accessing the airspace over the United States. It is like you got to pay $25 for your bag, and what is this $10? That is for using the airspace. Nothing in this bill says that that couldn't happen. And, in fact, that would be up to the private entity.    And it is a private entity, profit or not-profit, big deal. It is a corporate, private entity. But it does have the Rube Goldberg control. Ultimately, the Secretary gets a, ``No, you are not going to charge passengers $10 to use the airspace.'' Then the Corporation sues the Secretary, and how long does that take in the courts, and what kind of uncertainties do we create? Same thing with any rationalization of the system, where there is a disagreement between the Secretary and the board.    So, I feel that, you know, we should perhaps slow down a little bit here, think about alternatives.    I did spend a lot of time trying to develop a freestanding Government-sponsored, or a constitutionally chartered Corporation, because the chairman tells me on his side of the aisle you can't have the word ``Government,'' which would not have to report back to the Secretary of Transportation and have him say yea or nay on everything they do, and wouldn't have been a field day for lawyers. I couldn't generate support for that idea, and so, therefore, I will not be offering an alternative, but targeting reforms at the existing FAA in the hope of having more support for the needed reforms.    So with that, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for holding this one hearing with four witnesses, and you know, I look forward to the discussion.    Mr. DeFazio. Mr. Chairman, just for a moment?    Mr. DeFazio. If I could, since you referenced me. Your staff has the proposal that I worked on, and we have made it available to others. So it is not a secret. So you do have it. And I tried to get discussion going about an alternative with you, with A4A , with NATCA, and others. And that--the reciprocity was not forthcoming. It had to be a private Corporation.    At this point I would ask unanimous consent to include in the record written statements in opposition to the ATC privatization from the following three organizations: Delta Airlines, the Experimental Aircraft Association, National Air Transport Association. In addition, I ask unanimous consent to include the following letters in opposition to ATC privatization from the bipartisan leadership of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, 130,000 consumers, there are 28 organizations--I will not read those, I will submit them for the record.    And I would also like to enter into the record a report, ``The Pitfalls of Air Traffic Control Privatization,'' February 2003, commissioned by the National Air Traffic Controllers Association.    And finally, I would like to enter into the record the--today's Government Accountability Office report on concerns they have over this proposal.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The--we have put $53 billion into the facilities and equipment over the last 20 years. And, as I mentioned earlier, we are going to give that asset to a private Corporation for no remuneration. And I would say that that has been paid disproportionately by passengers, taxpayers of the United States of America who are passengers on airlines. They--the ticket tax is the disproportionate amount.    Yet there is no consumer or passenger rep on the board. And this is a yes-or-no question: Do you believe there should be a consumer passenger representative on this board? Yes or no, Mr. Calio? You can pass if--it is yes or no or pass.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. All right, then----    Mr. DeFazio. Then on--Mr. Rinaldi, yes or no?    Mr. DeFazio. I am sorry?    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. Well, that depends upon the Secretary. Mr. Bolen?    Mr. DeFazio. So you didn't--OK. All right, you got around the question, too. All right.    Mr. DeFazio. But in any case, so--all right. Now, let's go to another issue that is of tremendous concern, representing a smaller airport.    The GAO report--which, again, I apologize, people haven't had a chance to read, but since today is the only hearing, tomorrow is the markup--one of the points they make is that small and rural communities could be negatively affected under this construct, and they go on to say, ``In the case of the Canadian restructure, Canada's law addresses this issue by providing protections for designated services in northern or remote areas.'' This bill has no such provisions.    There will be another yes-or-no answer here in a second.    So Robin Hayes, JetBlue CEO, said the Corporation ``would direct infrastructure improvements to regions of the country where they will produce the most benefits, like the Northeast.''    Jeff Smisek said, ``United's domestic network would be only as big as necessary to feed its international network.''    Now, does that sound like we are going to have a comprehensive system that serves everybody and everybody's interests, and everybody's interests are protected?    I will start with you, Mr. Bolen, yes or no.    Mr. DeFazio. Come on.    Mr. DeFazio. OK, that is good----    Mr. DeFazio. We only have 5 minutes. So yes, Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, that is right. And they only have four seats on the board.    Mr. Calio?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, thank you. That is good. All right.    Let's move on to air traffic control, because we are talking about--now, you know, one of the issues--and I would be interested how the board might deal with this, and this is a quote from Randy Babbitt. And you can talk about satellite base, you can talk about the spiffiest system in the world. ``We can do everything in the world, but at the end of the day at LaGuardia Airport where it is a one-runway operation, you can still only land them once every 54 seconds.'' And he goes on to talk about airlines opposing PFCs and that. We won't get into that debate today.    But the point is this new board is going to have--want to make the system more efficient. Regional airlines, of course, are opposed. What would happen if the board said, ``You can't land a plane that had--carries less than X-number of passengers at LaGuardia Airport,'' essentially putting the regional airlines out of business? Is that possible, under this construct? Yes or no.    Mr. DeFazio. Yes. Mr. Poole?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, yes, OK, you don't think so, but you won't--Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. What?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. It is not possible? OK. Then----    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Well, good. Then wouldn't--let's go back to my previous point. Would any of you support the provision that we have in Canada, which says, on a statutory basis, their law addressed the issue for protections for designated services in northern remote areas. Should we adopt something similar for small and medium airports in the United States of America? Yes or no.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Mr. Poole?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, we didn't get remote, I want to go beyond remote.    OK, all right. Let's move on now to the issue of, you know, getting new technology on board. Where is that? Quickly, quickly, quickly. Sorry, I--you know, I haven't figured out how to write notes on my iPad yesterday, and you know, on the text of your statements. Well, never mind, we can't find that one right now. I will get it my next round.    Let's go to another one. So we are creating--we are always--you know, here we are really upset about things that are too big to fail, and I couldn't create a Government Corporation because that would be like Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, any of those GSEs, whatever, we can't have that because we have to bail them out. Well, what happens if this system goes insolvent? Wouldn't you say that the air traffic control of the movement of goods and people across the United States of America is too big to fail, that it is an absolutely essential service, and if it became insolvent Congress would have no option but to bail it out, as happened in Great Britain after it was privatized?    Mr. Bolen, yes or no?    Mr. DeFazio. Mr. Poole?    Mr. DeFazio. We wouldn't bail it out? We would just let it shut down?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, good----    Mr. DeFazio. Well, oh, the customers would have to pay more. OK. What if the Secretary disapproves that?    Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. DeFazio. No? OK. So we have some disagreement there. So we are creating something that is too big to fail. In the case of Great Britain, because of a downturn in air traffic, they had to bail it out. Mr. Poole says we shouldn't bail it out, they should just raise fees. But as we saw in the Rube Goldberg construct, if you raise fees--for instance, you want to charge passengers for using the airspace over the United States--the Secretary has to approve it.    Bernie Sanders, Secretary of Transportation, says, ``Hell no, we are not going to charge people to use the airspace of the United States.'' We have an impasse here. So, you know, I think there are a lot of unanswered questions.    I am over my time--thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your indulgence. And we will get to another round.    Mr. DeFazio. I am trying to--questions, Mr. Chairman----    Mr. DeFazio. Mr. Chairman, when we have----    Mr. DeFazio. When I have four witnesses and 5 minutes, I have got to get a lot of questions in, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Earlier, Mr. Poole said that we would strive--or could, perhaps, under this proposal--have the lowest unit cost in the world. Does anyone disagree with that objective?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, good. Now, let's move forward. The lowest unit cost in the world is Iceland, followed very closely by Mexico, followed very closely by India. Now--and this will be a question to Mr. Rinaldi.    First, I got to congratulate you. You drive a tough bargain, and I have never seen such good labor protections in any piece of legislation that has any chance of passing a Republican Congress. So congratulations.    Mr. DeFazio. Good work for your members.    Mr. DeFazio. In fact, it is so good I hear the Freedom Caucus is opposed to the bill, because they don't like the labor protections. I will give you that.    But now comes the part that you won't like quite as much. You know, you say in a note you sent out that we will be able to negotiate a shorter workweek. So somehow we are going to strive to have the lowest unit costs in the world--that is competing with the air traffic controllers in India, where they don't bother to train pilots sometimes, or Mexico--what do air traffic controllers earn in Mexico?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, it is a ATC Corporation questions and answers----    Mr. DeFazio. When was this? This week. And it says in--under A16, talking about NATCA members not being contractors, and then it goes on to say that.    Mr. DeFazio. So----    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. But the point I am making is we have all agreed you want the lowest unit costs in the world. Second--let's be second lowest. That means we are going to beat Mexico. One of the largest components of this system is labor. It is not a--that capital-intensive. Labor-intensive system.    And Mr. Poole is shaking his head--so how--we would have to be how much more productive than Mexico or India----    Mr. DeFazio. No, Mr. Poole, I haven't recognized you.    Mr. DeFazio. So this is a question for Mr. Rinaldi, because I think this goes to the heart of this issue. I like the labor protections. I am very concerned about where this whole thing could head, as a private Corporation, in terms of, you know, getting the lowest unit cost in the world, what that means for safety, and what it means for the workers after we renegotiate contracts.    Mr. DeFazio. I--OK. I would agree with that statement.    Now, here is a point. Of course we are leaving the people who have to certify the new approaches, certify the operations, certify the new equipment, they are all subject to general fund appropriations, and they are over here. They are also the people who have to certify aircraft. The manufacturers aren't thrilled with this idea. They are subject to appropriation, they are over here.    Mr. DeFazio. They aren't protected by being under the--whatever fee structure this board creates.    Mr. DeFazio. Right.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. But wouldn't----    Mr. DeFazio. Wouldn't it be better to bring them along?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, all right. Thanks, OK.    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. Thanks, Paul. I want to make two quick other points.    I heard repeatedly that the Secretary will appoint people who support the public interest. As I said, President Sanders, yes, I bet so. President Trump? Maybe not so much. Consumers might not be at the top of the list. And all it says is directors appointed by the Secretary. It doesn't say that they have to represent consumer or public or any other interest. It could be--they could be two more airlines.    And then one other point. You know, 61 percent of the operations every day are regional airlines, and that is 45 percent of the passengers, which presents a problem in the system in--when we talk about LaGuardia, and things like that. But the point is, they don't get a seat on the board. So the airlines that are carrying nearly half the passengers in the country and do 61 percent of the operations do not get a seat on the board.    You know, Mr. Calio was asked about why four major airlines, and he said, ``Well, it is kind of proportional,'' but it is not exactly proportional when you look at commercial service.    So, you know, there are many, many issues that I think need to be ironed out. I have so many concerns about this construct. I appreciate the opportunity for the hearing, Mr. Chairman, but I really believe that, you know, we are not ready to go forward with this proposal. You are, and we will take it up tomorrow, and we will see where it ends up.