    Mr. Bentsen. Thank you, Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and members of the subcommittee for allowing me the opportunity to testify on this critically important topic.    A large-scale cyber attack resulting in the destruction of books and records and disruption of our capital markets is among the most significant and systemic threats facing our economy today, so it is appropriate that so much time and energy is being focused on developing public-private partnerships and identifying solutions to mitigate that risk.    The financial services sector has invested huge sums of capital into their cyber attack deterrence programs over the years, enhancing their efforts to match the growing threat.    As policymakers and the industry focus on addressing the causes of the last financial crisis, it is equally, if not more important that we focus on the future risks, and cyber crime is the greatest.    Some 18 months ago, SIFMA's members commenced the five-part multiyear effort to address cybersecurity threats and related risks to broker-dealers and asset managers. Emanating from our previous work as part of the industry's business continuity planning, and in response to the 2014 NIST framework, the goal of these five initiatives is to better identify the vulnerabilities to our sector and to prepare individual firms of all sizes and the broader sector to defend themselves and our clients, thereby enhancing protection for the millions of Americans who access these markets every day.    My written testimony goes into much more detail on these five initiatives, but I would like to touch on just a few.    SIFMA recently published its principles for effective cybersecurity regulatory guidance and called for regulations to be harmonized across agencies for greater effectiveness. These principles build upon the highly valuable NIST framework, an initiative which we contributed much time and energy to, and after its release have sought out opportunities to promote its use within the sector by mapping existing compliance requirements so firms can see where they could not only enhance risk management, but compliance as well.    The industry also looks to the government to help identify uniform standards, promote accountability across the entire critical infrastructure, and provide access to the essential information. SIFMA urges policymakers to consider how best to incorporate the principles into the respective regulatory initiatives. Importantly, regulators should coordinate their efforts to ensure harmonization.    SIFMA assembled a working group to develop a diagnostic on the U.S. equity and treasury markets to determine the sector's resiliency during the attack. After mapping process flows within these markets, a workshop was held during which a set of 10 diverse cyber risk scenarios were applied to the markets, and a number of potential vulnerabilities were identified.    These results are being addressed via a number of public and private internal working groups. As a result of this exercise, we have undertaken efforts with the accounting industry and the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) to develop a third-party vendor risk audit standard, referred to as SOC 2, that should provide increased transparency and accountability with third party vendors.    Building off of the lessons learned from the SIFMA-sponsored cyber exercise ``Quantum Dawn 2'' in 2013, and from our experience in Superstorm Sandy, SIFMA continues to revise the industry's playbook for responding to a cyber attack which could result in market closures. On a continuing basis, we are working with stakeholders including exchanges, clearinghouses, and regulators to ensure the current state of readiness.    Our dialogue with the FSSCC and with our partners in government has evolved into a joint exercise program of quarterly tabletop exercises and other large-scale simulations to test industry preparedness and response. Additionally, we have made substantial progress in developing an improved process to request technical assistance from the Federal Government in the midst of a cyber attack. This pre-positioning will help reduce the time it takes to engage the relevant civilian and law enforcement agencies to assist firms.    SIFMA and its member firms have spent considerable time and energy to improve cyber threat information-sharing both within our sector and with our government partners. And at a high level, there has been increased collaboration and communication between the government and the financial services industry.    Importantly, we are endeavoring to continue this collaboration on a regular basis, again to ensure a current state of readiness. There is room for further improvement. However, I would like to flag three recommendations for this committee's consideration.    First, our industry needs clarity on which government authority is responsible for each specific aspect of cybersecurity.    Second, the financial services sector would benefit from higher quality and more frequent classified briefings.    And third, we need Congress to get a cybersecurity information-sharing bill to the President before the next crisis, not after.    Neither the industry nor the government can prevent or prepare for cyber threats on their own. SIFMA has brought together experts from across the public and private sectors to better understand the risks involved in a cyber attack and to develop best practices to be prepared to thwart an attack, but to be effective, we must work closely with the Federal Government to strengthen our partnership, and protect our economy and the millions of Americans who place their confidence and trust in the financial markets each and every day.    Thank you.    Mr. Bentsen. Yes, Mr. Chairman, a couple of things. Over the years, we have run a couple of simulations, Quantum Dawn 1, and Quantum Dawn 2, which was most recently in 2013. We will be doing a Quantum Dawn 3 in the third quarter of this year.    The Quantum Dawn 2 exercise, and then some subsequent tabletop exercises that we have done with our government partners as well as our partners at this table, allow us to iteratively grow our capabilities to respond to identify gaps in whether it is information-sharing, coordination, whether we have the right parties involved. In the case of Quantum Dawn 2, which was a simulated attack on the U.S. equity markets and multi-pronged simulated attack on the U.S. equity markets, the outtakes from that were that we needed more engagement from our exchange partners and that we needed a better coordination mechanism going into a situation recovery that was talked about here as well.    So our view is that these exercises are good not just on a one-off basis but on an ongoing basis. And one of the things that we have talked with our government partners about is to continue both these large simulations and tabletop exercises on a regular basis so we maintain a state of readiness and we don't atrophy in the process.    Mr. Bentsen. What we did in the case of Quantum Dawn 2, is we used that as well as our experience coming out of Superstorm Sandy, which did result in a closing of the equity and fixed income markets to improve our playbook with the exchanges with the regulators, with the industry partners, and those involved in it.    Likewise in the tabletops, we are trying to come out with deliverables both for the industry and for the government.    Mr. Bentsen. Mr. Clay, I would add two things to that. First, following up on Russ' comments, expanding the membership of the ISAC is critically important. And what we and others have tried to do is one, to get all of our members to participate in it, to encourage our regulators--FINRA, SEC, and others--to encourage to the extent they can that all of their regulated entities are participating in the ISAC.    Two, to develop standards across the sector that aren't just for the larger institutions who may have more capabilities, but for all members because they are all linked together. They are all trading together.    The other thing--the point I would make is, I don't think we can stand up here and say that we can create an impregnable defense that will keep all attacks out. And I don't think you have been saying that. We certainly need to try and have the most established firewalls, but the key is also to be prepared to recover when there is an attack, and that takes a tremendous amount of work as well.    Mr. Bentsen. I think transparency and harmonization--I think some of the other panelists mentioned this beforehand. I have members who are bank-affiliated broker-dealers and futures commission merchants, so they are regulated by three prudential regulators as well as the SEC, the CFTC, FINRA, and the National Futures Association. All of these agencies appropriately are looking at guidance and regulation with respect to--an inspection with respect to cyber defenses in the firms. And we believe there should be harmonization across those agencies.    Mr. Bentsen. I would say two things about that, Mr. Lynch. Number one, every time those firms have a situation with information being stolen or we don't represent the consumer side of the business, but credit card numbers being stolen, it is those firms that underwrite the cost of doing that. So I think that if you look at the cost to the firms that they were having to absorb, and that is--and it is the right thing to do for the benefit of maintaining the confidence of their customers.    A second point I would make--and I take your point about the flash crash. And as you know, the regulators are in the process of putting in a consolidated audit trail, which the industry will pay for ultimately. It would be a mistake if the industry wasn't doing what it is doing right now and has been doing to map out what is going on to look and see where the vulnerabilities are, to look and see where the risks are with third party vendors across the spectrum.    And so, we may not be there yet, but I think you have to take stock of what is being done right now.    Mr. Bentsen. I will start, Mr. Pittenger. I think every sector, every critical sector, critical infrastructure is working on this. I obviously can't speak for the others. But we are concerned from our standpoint of making sure that those sectors are equally protected or taking the necessary steps to provide defense.    As one of my members had said before, if the Fed wire is down, we can probably work around it. But if we don't have power, we really can't do anything at all. And I think the same would be true with other critical infrastructure like the telecom sector.    We can talk a lot about the financial services sector and the work that is being done, and I think there is a lot of work being done, but we have to take into consideration that we are connected to these other critical sectors.    Mr. Bentsen. That is a good question, Ms. Velazquez. I think that this is a problem that is not unique to the largest firms both in terms of the largest banks or the largest technology providers, and there is a tremendous amount of work that is being done to look at it because this is such a priority.    And so I think you are right that we--the industries--are going to have to look at who is going to be coming up with better mouse traps as we go along in this process. And it is important that we don't, to follow on to Mr. Nichols' comments, in a broader context, not in the chip and PIN, that is not really in our space that we don't stifle the ability of tech companies, startups and others to work on this. There are quite a few in this space today, and we hope that there are more down the road.    Mr. Bentsen. Yes, sir. I would just add to that on the broker-dealers and asset management side, to your point, SIFMA and our membership made a decision to underwrite membership for our smallest firms, 6 percent of our member firms have less than $200 million a year of revenues, but for the smallest firms, membership in FS-ISAC because we want 100 percent participation.    And to be fair, it has been painstaking to get these firms in because in some cases you have--the CEO is also the chief technology officer in a very small firm. So this has been sort of almost a one-on-one communication.    Likewise, we have been working with those firms on what their insurance policies are, how they can--whether they can come together to buy insurance policies together, what they have in their insurance policy. And we have encouraged the regulators, FINRA, for instance, who is the self-regulatory organization for broker-dealers, to work with the smaller members in this process.    Mr. Bentsen. Absolutely. Everybody is a gateway. Everybody is linked together in the trading world or on the bank side. And that is why we did our diagnostic and worked to develop standards that would apply across the industry because they clear with others, they trade with others, and that is why we want to make sure everybody is in the information grid, that everybody's insurance is up-to-date. And so it is something that, and I know that the bankers are doing the same thing, we have to get universal adoption within the industry.    Mr. Bentsen. I think in the case of information-sharing and giving, and liability protection, FOIA, which the House has done, is very important. The industry is certainly working within the law as it is today, but it would be that much better if the other body would move forward in passing the CISA bill and getting it to the President's desk.    I think beyond that what we called for in our recommendations is for the Federal Government--the regulatory agencies to look at what the industry has done and create guidance out of that, and do it across the agencies in a harmonized way. So to the earlier points that we don't have--our members don't have to have different guidance, different examination structures from regulators who are all seeking the same outcome.    And if there--to me, in dealing a lot of regulatory policy, if there was ever an example where regulators could come together on a uniform approach, this is it.    Mr. Bentsen. Look, the industry has the greatest interest in protecting the information of its clients because if they don't their clients are going to go somewhere else. But it is extremely difficult.    I do want to say one--    Mr. Bentsen. Well, perhaps. But I do want to add one other thing. I think the system is safe today. I think there is risk to markets and that could have impact in pricing. It could impact the individual investor. But I think we have to recognize that the people who are seeking to do this, whether they are individual criminals, or nation-states, or terrorists, or whomever they may be, they are getting better every day as well.    So it is the same person that somebody was trying--somebody is trying to pick a safe, they may not know how to do it now, but they are going to keep trying to get better and better, and so we have to keep preparing for the worst-case scenario.    Mr. Bentsen. Congressman, again I would go back to the need for information-sharing given the liability employer protection would be important. Again the industry is concerned about PII; it is a customer confidence issue. But to do everything we need to do to protect the customer, we don't want to have the situation being second-guessd after the fact when you are trying to deal with an ongoing cyber attack.    I think beyond that, to the extent that the Congress can encourage the regulators to work collaboratively, and I think we are doing better at that, so we have harmonization, that will help the industry, as the industry itself moves to implement the standards and recovery protocols, and information-sharing as well as things like third party vendor verification or audit practices. And so I think that encouragement can help quite a bit, and then let the industry collaborate with the public sector, so we are talking to one another in dealing with how we respond to attacks, how we deal with recovery, how we deal with information-sharing.    Mr. Bentsen. That is an excellent point. My own view is--in our experience throughout this process is that--Treasury has a huge role to play in the financial sector. Obviously, DHS has a role to play, but does the national security apparatus, particularly as we are talking about nation-state attacks or terrorists. So I think where the coordination needs to occur, and I would argue that it is occurring now is at--in the Executive Branch and in the Executive Office of the President because that is where the ultimate national security apparatus is. So you have to bring together the different groups.    It can't just be Treasury. It can't just be DHS. It has to be--somebody has to be coordinating at the top, and so that is where we are seeing in some of the exercises we are doing in working across the different agencies, not just the financial agencies.