    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Chairman. I want to thank all of the folks who came here to testify today, and I apologize I missed some of your testimony. I am new to Congress, and they schedule you to be in three places at once. I did not know that was part of the process.    But I practiced bankruptcy law for the better part of the 20 years, did mostly secured creditor work. Never really dealt with Section 524(g). Did not handle that kind of litigation. But when we had to file a proof of claim on behalf of a client, we took that process very seriously. We documented it. We attested to it. We attached documents. We knew that the claim would be scrutinized by the debtor's counsel, by the court, by the U.S. Attorney's Office potentially.    So this transparency seems to me to be quite logical, and the only thing that I heard earlier when the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee and the Ranking Member of the whole Committee were making their comments, they offered two reasons as to why this was a bad idea. And I would be interested to hear from the panel briefly, whoever cares to take the question, first that the disclosures required by the act would compromise the confidentiality of some of the folks that have suffered because of asbestos. And then also, that that information would be used potentially by employers against them. Do any of the folks here today have concern with respect to the use of that information given that there are some safeguards in the act?    Mr. Trott. And I see people behind you nodding, so I would be curious if people who have lost victims or members of their family have the same----    Mr. Trott. So do you agree there is abuse in the State court system as suggested in some of the testimony?    Mr. Trott. So the lack of disclosure is one of the reasons why people can make conflicting claims. Do you disagree with that----    Mr. Trott. Okay.    Mr. Trott. Yes, in my experience, I would have to respectfully disagree. My experience with the debtor's bar in bankruptcy court and my experience in State court and Federal court, I think there is substantial abuse, and the act is a good idea.    So let me move to my next question. Mr. Scarcella, in terms of the administrative costs of implementing the act, do you think those costs are exceeded by the costs of not having some transparency?    Mr. Trott. All right. Professor Brickman, do you think the fact that the trusts are largely set up and organized by the plaintiffs' counsel is one of the reasons that has exacerbated some of the problems we see?    Mr. Trott. Thank you, sir.