    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you.    Mr. Perlmutter. I'm from Colorado and I'm a lot better looking than Bera, so it's okay.    Mr. Knight sort of highlighted some of the things that have been so inspirational recently, whether it's New Horizons or talking about the SOFIA, things like that. And that's--I got to tell you, I serve on two committees. My colleagues have heard this before. One is Financial Services, the other is this committee, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. And the way we are pushing the horizon and moving forward with our science, even though it's kind of herky-jerky at times, we are doing it. And it really--that's what Americans want to see us do, you know, whether it's in a caucus in, you know, suburban Denver or primary, people want us to know--want to know that we can work together.    And on this Committee, you know, there are places where we fight but we work together on a lot of issues. And want to keep an eye on the budget obviously. That's part of our job as Members of Congress, want to have good people in an agency like yours who we can trust to be good engineers, scientists, mathematicians, technicians, to take on these major tasks which you said and everybody knows are not without risk. So the Chairman and I wrote this op-ed----    Hon. Bolden. Right.    Mr. Perlmutter. --this article on getting us to Mars by 2033. And it came from information that we had at a hearing about 3, 4 months ago. And I just--I'd like to use my prop, this bumper sticker, ``2033, We Can Do This'' because we can. And the responsibility of those of us up here is to provide the financial platform for you all to design your program and the building blocks that go into place.    Mr. Rohrabacher was talking about the moon. That may be part of your building blocks. I am not a scientist. I can't determine how you want to build the program that gets our astronauts to Mars by 2033, but I can help you by assuring your agency that Democrats and Republicans, Congresses from now until 2033 and Administrations from now until '33 really do have a major effort in place.    So how does NASA look at us when we say something like, yes, get there by 2033? Is it with a little bit of skepticism I would imagine?    Hon. Bolden. Not at all. When--you know, to have a Member of Congress who has a bumper sticker that says we can do this, we don't see--the American public doesn't see that enough. You know, in this day and age what they--what the young people sitting here see and hear all the time is we can't do this, we are not a great nation, we are going to be but we're not right now. That's just bunk.    We're the greatest nation in the world. We always have been. And if we stay focused--Congressman Edwards used the term constancy of purpose. She probably got that from the same person I did, from Admiral Joe Dyer, the Chairman of my ASAP. Constancy of purpose means exactly what you and Chairman Smith wrote. And you--but you've got to believe that. The Congress and the Administration have got to come together and they've got to set long-term vision that's going to go beyond that Administration. Most of what I do today I'm never going to see it, you know, but I'm doing it for my grandchildren.    That's what you all should be doing. You know, you should be looking out and saying whoever takes my place, I'm going to brief them on why I supported this and make sure that they do it. We plan to do the same thing with the incoming Administration, the incoming candidates to be quite honest. We want to let them know what NASA is doing and what the Congress and the Administration, in spite of what everybody says, you all work pretty well together now and then.    And so you have set us on a course to Mars. We can get there in the 2030s, but it's a long, hard, risky slog and we've got to do things on the International Space Station, we've got to spend ten years in cislunar space. That's going to allow people like Congressman Rohrabacher talked about who have these visions of doing what we once did, putting humans on the surface of the moon.    NASA can help them, but NASA can't stop at the moon. If we set the moon as our primary objective, that's it. We're not going any farther than that. So that's why we're focused on Mars. And we've got a pretty good plan that will get us there, but it is step-by-step. We've just got to stay together in doing that.    Mr. Perlmutter. No, and I appreciate that. I mean, so for us, our problem is a pretty, you know, substantial one, which is to find the billions of dollars that will, you know, support the effort. And I've learned some new terms. You know, one-year appropriations, multiyear appropriations, and something called no-year appropriations, which I still don't quite understand. So--but we're working on it, and I think we're working together and we want to get this done. So thank you, sir, for your service.    Hon. Bolden. Thank you.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. And I just have a few thank-yous I want to give. One is to Scott Kelly and his recent record-setting journey on the Space Station. And for a short guy like me, it was encouraging to hear that he was 2 inches taller when he came down than his identical twin brother.    Hon. Bolden. Only temporary.    Mr. Perlmutter. I know. It didn't last long, but still, there's hope. And I want to thank NASA. And yesterday, we had another astronaut here testifying, Kathy Sullivan on behalf of NOAA, and both of your agencies helped my office recently with major weather--giant weather system Cyclone Winston that clobbered Fiji. And we had some constituents who were missing for several days, and we were able to get some pictures from your agency, NOAA, some others to at least give the family comfort that the part of the island where they were wasn't completely flattened. And after several days and--the communications were restored, but it gave comfort to the families. So I want to thank you for that.    Also thank you with respect to the cargo missions. You know, recently one of the companies in Colorado was awarded one of the contracts to deliver cargo, Sierra Nevada, up to the space station.    And lastly, you mentioned the University of Colorado, and they're playing the University of Connecticut today in the first round of the NCAA, so I do want to say go Buffs. But TSIS, Total Solar Irradiance Sensor----    Hon. Bolden. Sensor, yes, sir.    Mr. Perlmutter. --is what we met about at CU a couple years ago, built by CU students, and it's going to catch a ride to the Space Station in 2018. And obviously very proud of the university and the kinds of things it does working with NASA and the things that it does in terms of getting students involved with outer space. So I don't know if you want to comment on any of those, but just thank you for your service again, General.    Hon. Bolden. Sir, my--I appreciate all the compliments. I'll try to make sure we get them out to everybody. I'll be with Scott next week when we go to Moscow for his post-flight.    But I would go back to Congresswoman Edwards' question about HBCUs and the like and say that's what we want to do with schools like Morgan and Howard and Hampton. We want them to have students who are working on spacecraft, and that's--that takes some effort. And, first of all, you have to convince them that they can. You've got to let them know that opportunities are there. You're not--we use the term inspire all the time. I had a young black engineer one time who told me if he heard me say inspire one more time he's going to puke. And I went, what do you mean? He said, we can't inspire anybody until we inform them. And so there are kids from my community back in South Carolina and all over this country that you all represent who don't have a clue what they can do. And so the first thing--and that's what NASA tries to do with the limited funds we do have in our education program.    And I actually have a $19 billion education budget. I know you all think I'm being trite when I say that because everything we do in NASA is really focused on trying to inspire and inform young people about what they can do to be a part of the NASA family. And so I'm very, very thankful for the $19.3 billion that you all appropriated for us out of the Congress last year. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thank you.