    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Madam Secretary, for your pushing the rule for the end of life counseling. That is a huge thing. I have heard a lot of positives about that. I want to thank you for that.    Just a couple of quick questions.    Stop-loss insurance regulation, as you know, in the private sector, a majority of those plans are basically self-insured plans, like we had in the City of Johnson City when I was the mayor. We used stop-loss insurance to protect our losses if they went above what we calculated they might be.    Would you commit to the Committee not to regulate stop-loss insurance as health insurance because it is clearly not, in the future as Secretary of HHS?    Mr. Roe. Okay. Thank you. Just for the record, our increase in the marketplace in Tennessee was over 30 percent this year.    A couple of things on Meaningful Use and electronic health records. As you know, physicians are struggling to meet the Meaningful Use and full disclosure. The primary care group I was in had over 100 physicians, and we have met--1 of the 12 percent in the country--they have met that, and about 40 percent of hospitals in Stage 2.    Why would you go to the penalty phase of Stage 3 this year, which I think you are going to do, when 80 plus percent have not met Stage 2 yet? So, you know that the doctors, providers, hospitals, and physicians are going to be cut; why not just put it on pause for a year until they can get the systems to help? They are trying. They are out there trying to do this day and night, so why not do that? Why not pause for a year?    Mr. Roe. That is what I am hearing out in the real world, that you are not listening. That is a concern because they are going to get the penalty phase this year. So, I appreciate you are working on that, but what I think I am hearing out there in the real world is we are trying the best we can to comply with these things, but there are so many things with electronic health records and so forth, and I say this jokingly, but an electronic health record, I think, made me a congressman not a doctor any more.    A couple of other things I want to go through very quickly, and I wrote you a letter about the breast cancer screening guidelines. I appreciate you putting that on hold for two years. One of my partners in practice, if he had followed the guidelines, one doctor in one practice, 24 patients would have fallen through the cracks and not been picked up early: 24 breast cancers, one doctor.    The other I want to mention is the PSA screening. The United States Preventive Task Force Services, which had no urologists and no oncologists, made a recommendation that absolutely should not be done, and you, as the Secretary, are going to penalize the primary care doctor if they order a PSA regardless of the patient's family history, regardless of their race, and regardless of their symptoms, essentially.    So, I want to know--last night, I got a call from someone who had a PSA of two, a 59-year-old man, got up to go to the bathroom one time at night, went to his doctor. His primary doctor had ordered one previously, ordered another one, ignoring these guidelines, it was three. He said we better check it again in 90 days. It was five point something then. Sent to an urologist. This man has prostate cancer at 59. He would have been missed by these guidelines and might have died.    I think these guidelines are going to cost people their lives. I think we need to seriously step back and take a look at them, at least let the science get worked out before you penalize a primary care doctor for ordering a PSA, a test that is not perfect, but it is an adjunct to clinical history and other things. I would strongly encourage you to do that.    This was last night. I do not know how you would answer that patient's family when that patient would very likely have died had they followed these guidelines.    Another issue I want to just bring up briefly: affordability of health insurance. I am in a billion dollar health care system at home where I practiced, 60 percent of the uncollectible debt in that hospital are people with insurance. To make these plans affordable, we have increased the out-of-the-pockets and co-pays so high, that people cannot pay those, just average, normal people, rural America, where I live.    The last comment, we mentioned this last year. In rural America, where I live, what is killing our hospitals in Medicare is the Medicare Wage Index, which is very unfair to rural areas. We get 0.74 cents to what another place might get $1.50. I would like to hear from you on that. I want to work with you on that.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.