    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you to the witnesses for being here.    So I want to just--I want to give an example of a real dilemma that a very, very poor city in my home county has. It is called South Bay. I am just going to go through some things that I think we have already said, but--to lead up to the story here.    So Congress created the National Flood Insurance Program, as we have been talking about, NFIP, in 1968 in order to make flood insurance reasonably available to all property owners. We know that homeowners who live in a federally designated flood plain must obtain flood insurance in order to qualify for a federally backed mortgage. And I think, also, there is--there are other mortgages--even private mortgages, in some cases, requires that also.    So, in order for--and, Honorable Carruthers, I think you mentioned this--in order for a community to participate in the NFIP, it must adopt FEMA's flood plain map and meet minimum standards and regulations to mitigate flood damage. The flood maps declare what land is within a 100-year flood plain. I want to emphasize that, so I guess meaning that areas which FEMA determines will flood once every 100 years, or has a, I guess, a 1-percent chance of flooding every year for 100 years. Is that right, the 1 percenter?    Ms. Frankel. OK. The participation in NFIP and compliance with FEMA land-use directives is technically voluntary, as we have heard, but local governments have little choice but to comply with the NFIP's participation, because residents need flood insurance, and there is virtually--the private alternatives--well, in Florida, I don't even know if there is any--is there anything in Florida these days?    Ms. Frankel. I know, I got----    Ms. Frankel. I got booted out of my flood insurance. All right.    So, now I want to just talk about the dilemma with South Bay. The new flood maps deem the city of South Bay, Florida, to be completely within a 100-year flood plain, requiring the residents of this city, which is one of the least advantaged cities in our State--I mean we are talking about very, very, very poor. So it requires the purchase of costly insurance coverage from the NFIP.    Now, this is new. And the reason that FEMA has said that they are going to put South Bay in this is because of the--it is near Lake Okeechobee. Lake Okeechobee needs its levees strengthened, which is being done by the Army Corps, which is--I don't want to say anything bad about the Army Corps, but I am just saying this has sort of been dragging for a lot of years, all right? A lot of lot of years. And now the Army Corps says it is going to complete the work on the Herbert Hoover dike in 9 years.    OK, so here is my question. Well, to get to it. Oh, if it is a 1-percent chance each year for 100 years, and this is supposed to be resolved by the Army Corps, which has been taking too long--in 9 years--why does South Bay, where one-third of them are living below the poverty line, have to pay the costly premiums now? Because they are not going to be at risk for 100 years. OK, try to give that a shot, if you can answer it?    Ms. Frankel. Mr. Chairman, I just ask a--OK, thank you.    I am glad to hear that. How long will that process take?    Ms. Frankel. Yes.    Ms. Frankel. Well, I am glad to know that it will eventually be alleviated, but I--I mean it is not--you know, what can happen to a community, even in a period of 9 years, in a few years where people can't get mortgages for houses, and you have a economically devastated area now. Could you imagine the devastation when people cannot buy homes any more? I mean it is a pretty bad situation.    And the delay being caused not by anything that the people are doing or not doing, but the Federal Government in fixing a problem. So, you know, I just--I thank you for your answer, but I don't think the people in South Bay are going to be happy with it.    And I yield back.