    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And much of what I will say will echo the things that you have said. The--along the lines of the problems of patent trolls. I see the rise of these entities as a serious threat to consumers and businesses all across the country, and I want to explore whether we can strengthen existing protections against them as well.    Patent assertion entities typically purchase patents and then assert that those patents have been infringed, sending vague and threatening letters to hundreds or even thousands of end users, typically, small businesses or entrepreneurs. Those businesses are told that they can pay the patent troll to continue using the technology. And considering the cost and resources needed to vet and fight a patent infringement claim, although the chairman did point out some resources that are available, many small businesses do choose to settle the claim by paying the troll. Others investigate and fight the claims, draining precious resources and stunting the growth of their businesses.    It costs patent trolls virtually nothing to send patent demand letters, but they have cost American businesses tens of billions of dollars in recent years. At best, patent trolls are misleading, and at worst, they are extortionists.    This is fundamentally a fairness issue. As the subcommittee charged with protecting consumers and promoting fair business practices, we must work to reduce frivolous patent claims. I am glad that the FTC is using its existing authority to order injunctions on patent assertion entities that are determined to engage in unfair deceptive acts or practices. I believe that if we legislate on this issue, we should include new authority for the FTC to collect civil penalties for those abuses.    While we should also make sure that important consumer and business protections are guaranteed and enforced at the State level, including Illinois, remain in place. Federal legislation could also ensure the transparency and baseline standards are required for patent demand letters.    There are many ideas about how to increase transparency, including proposals to require information in patent demand letters, about the patent-alleged infringement that--the patent that is allegedly infringed, and the technology used that allegedly infringes on the patent.    As we consider acting on this issue, we must also recognize that many patent infringement claims are reasonable efforts, as the chairman mentioned, reasonable efforts to protect intellectual property. We also need to be careful to make sure that universities, research institutions, and others that develop and hold patents, but may not develop products for sale, are not unfairly labeled as patent trolls. We should not undermine the ability of innovators to develop and defend their patents.    I look forward to hearing the ideas of the panel about how we could move forward with legislation, and how it should be structured to make sure that patent demand letters are more fair and transparent moving forward.    And I thank you again, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So States have, up until now, been leaders in the effort to combat abusive patent trolls. Currently 18 States including mine, Illinois, have enacted legislation regulating patent demand letters, and some State attorneys general have initiated legal action against patent trolls under their consumer protection authority. Under both the new patent demand letter laws and general State consumer protection laws, many State attorneys general have certain remedies available to them, including equitable relief, civil penalties and attorneys fee.    The TROL Act that passed out of the subcommittee last Congress included a provision that would preempt the State laws that regulate patent demand letters.    So first, Ms. Ranieri, you testified that Federal legislation, in fact, should not preempt State laws that address issues those States have encountered with patent trolls. So why is it important do you think that we not preempt State laws?    Ms. Schakowsky. So have we seen any instances where there has been any problem with the fact that State attorneys general have been exercising that authority?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. Professor, let us establish how your name is actually pronounced. Say it again.    Ms. Schakowsky. No, I think we should apologize. Go ahead.    Ms. Schakowsky. OK, Gugliuzza. OK.    Ms. Schakowsky. The benefit of preemption would be to provide a uniform legal standard. In your testimony though you raised the question of whether uniformity is, in fact, an important enough policy goal that it should outweigh the benefits of State laws on demand letters. I am wondering if you could expand on the benefits--also expand on the benefits of not preempting State laws.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you.    Ms. Ranieri, in addition to the issue of preemption, you testified that Congress should not prohibit or discourage enforcement of the FTC Act by States. Can you expand on why State enforcement in this instance is so critical?    Ms. Schakowsky. And last to you as well. The last Congress TROL Act limited the remedies available to State attorneys general to an injunction and compensatory damages on behalf of recipients who suffered actual harm. Would the limitation of remedies discourage States from enforcing patent demand legislation?    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you. Clearly, this will be an issue that we will want to discuss further among our members, so I thank you.    And I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. I do not.    Ms. Schakowsky. Without objection.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you.