    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the subcommittee for inviting me here to testify today at this important hearing. On behalf of the National Electrical Contractors Association, the nationally recognized voice of the electrical construction industry, thank you for holding this important hearing regarding the workforce development needs of the energy and manufacturing sectors.    My name is Rick Jarvis, and I serve as Vice President of Field Construction for Morrow-Meadows Corporation, a premier electrical and data communications contractor on the West Coast. I am pleased to be here on behalf of the National Electrical Contractors Association, also known as NECA. NECA is comprised of over 60,000 electrical contracting firms employing over 750,000 electrical workers and producing an annual volume of over $130 billion.    Growth and diversification in the energy economy have created unprecedented opportunities for the electrical construction industry. A record 60 percent of electrical contractors are currently performing work on energy construction projects. Unfortunately, the availability of skilled labor and an aging workforce threatens our ability to continue to meet the demands of the market.    According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the anticipated number of job openings for electricians due to growth and retirement from 2012 to 2022 is roughly 224,000. Recruiting new talent to our apprenticeship training program is crucial to the success and future of our industry, and we are working hard to recruit new talent to join the trade.    For over 70 years, the electrical construction industry has been investing $100 million annually in its successful privately funded apprenticeship and training program. This joint venture between NECA and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, the IBW, which I am still a member, gives participants the opportunity to learn the electrical industry while getting paid and without a college education. We are proud of the opportunities offered by our apprenticeship training programs around the country.    I for one am an example of what an apprenticeship program can do for a person. After high school, I worked several different jobs before entering a 4-year IBW-NECA electrical apprenticeship program in 1982. During the course of my training, I earned college credits and learned the difference between a job and a career. After completing my apprenticeship, I rose from journeyman electrician to foreman, then to general foreman. In 1991 I was promoted to the general field superintendent for the Morrow-Meadows San Diego branch office. Four years later I was promoted again, this time to the general field superintendent of their corporate division in Los Angeles, California, where I now hold the position of Vice President of Field Construction.    The IBW-NECA apprenticeship program has trained over 375,000 electricians like myself including an increasing number of minorities, women, and veterans, a focus that we have today. Attracting young talent to this program and others like it is key to meeting workforce demands across the energy sectors.    NECA is proud to support this committee's discussion draft and the committee's efforts to address the workforce development needs of the energy industry. I hope my own experience in this apprenticeship program can serve as a testament to the opportunities for upward mobility that learning a skilled trade can present. We are hopeful that as the Federal Government works to address the workforce development needs on the energy and manufacturing sectors, it assists our industry by actively promoting apprenticeships as a well-paying career option.    We appreciate the committee's interest in collaborating with electrical contractors as mentioned in the draft language. Our training programs are all about skill development for the 21st century workforce. I am happy to take any questions, and we look forward to continued work with this committee as it moves forward with this worthwhile process. Thank you.    Mr. Jarvis. Mr. Chairman, if I could, our apprenticeship program addresses the exact things the other panel members are talking about today with our outreach programs. We have many programs where we reach into the communities for the underserved and undereducated and offer these career opportunities. And so we think this legislation speaks exactly to that, and we look for your support.    Mr. Jarvis. By supporting apprenticeship programs through the different grants that are available, and by supporting our trade groups, it allows us to do more outreach into the community. I am also moved by Mr. Wilson's story. I have many employees that work under me that have come up through our programs, outreach programs, and some of the other questions about what does it take to make people understand these opportunities and what skills. We teach life skills, things as simple as you have to get to work on time, you have to show up every day. Our outreach programs teach those things first, which makes these people, as they come into our apprenticeship programs, successful in the program. If you can't do those things----    Mr. Jarvis. Yes. Thank you. We train electricians to be able to do all sectors in the electrical industry so a very common example today is the solar industry. There are groups that believe that we should be training a solar worker which is just one small piece of being able to do electrical work. Our 5-year apprenticeship program teaches a career opportunity. Markets change. The solar industry will change. Our training program trains a person for a lifelong career to be able to earn not only top wages but top benefits as well. So you need to have a diverse training that takes a lot more than just one sector in the energy industry in our opinion.    Mr. Jarvis. Well, the training program that we have is a 5-year program, but you work as you----    Mr. Jarvis. Correct.    Mr. Jarvis. Thank you.