    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Chairmen Bridenstine and Loudermilk, for holding today's hearing, and thank you to the witnesses for testifying.    The greatest challenge of this generation--climate change--requires innovative solutions if we ever hope to make a meaningful difference. It requires us to look at every aspect of our energy production and consumption. We must find ways to end our dependence on fossil fuels and reduce our greenhouse gas emissions.    The Renewable Fuel Standard has helped us push the technological limits and the capacity of industry to innovate our transportation fuels. In the past ten years, we've seen increasing production of biofuels from both corn ethanol and advanced biofuels. And this increase has come with considerable advancements in how corn ethanol is produced, improving production efficiencies, while decreasing both the costs and the greenhouse gas emissions.    The Renewable Fuel Standard was designed to integrate all biofuels into our fuel supply and lay the groundwork for growth and development of advanced biofuels with a 50 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to that of conventional gasoline. And I'm interested in learning more about the advancements in this area and where we can expect biofuels to be in the next ten years.    We realize there have been challenges. The EPA is prepared to finalize the volumetric requirements for 2014, 2015, 2016 next month while missing--or later this month--after missing the statutory deadline two years in a row. And while they're inundated with public comments during the proposal process, that doesn't excuse the lengthy delay.    The Agency has issued waivers for the required cellulosic biofuels and plans to do so again, but I hope that the proposed biometric obligations can be finalized by November 30 deadline, provide market certainty, and signals to investors that the United States intends to be a world leader in the development and production of these advanced fuels.    With a wide-ranging body of research looking at every aspect of production and a range of stakeholders that have advocated for almost every different scenario available, we as lawmakers are left with difficult decisions to make. And I want to thank the witnesses again for providing expert testimony on this pressing topic.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Anderson, thank you for coming up to talk to us. And I'm sure I've eaten at many of your Wendy's over the years.    Dr. Dinan talked about with the existing fuel standard that corn price or overall food prices will only rise about 1/10 of one percent, and if repealed would fall less than 1/10 of one percent. With some excellent research we found that the price of corn per bushel was $3.77 when President Bush signed the law in December of '07. It's $3.68 per bushel right now, 9 cents cheaper. So how do you get $34,000 in increased food prices directly related to RFS in your stores?    Mr. Beyer. But if you look at the USDA, you also see that the price is up to $6.60 or something in 2012 when they did that study. So now we're back to $3.68, so my guess is if PwC did the study again, you'd find literally no impact on your business.    Mr. Beyer. And, Mr. Anderson, not to disagree with you at all, it may well be true, but I think we need to isolate increase in your food costs from the price of corn. They may not be 1 to 1.    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Coleman, what about Brazil? Mr. Drevna talked all about shipping ethanol from California there and bringing sugarcane back.    Mr. Beyer. Great. Thank you.    Dr. DeCicco, I want to give you one more chance to try to out me explain this carbon neutrality. When we look at fossil fuels, that was carbon taken out of the air millions and millions of years ago and now burned. So we're taking carbon that's been stored for these millions of years and putting it back into the atmosphere, putting it into the ocean.    When you talk to cellulosics, you're taking carbon that was taken out of the atmosphere last year or this year and putting it back in. Why isn't that just on the surface of it--by the way, if I recall my physics, the first law of thermodynamics is the conservation of mass and energy there--because they're interchangeable, E equals MC squared. So if we're taking carbon out of the atmosphere now to burn to put back in, why is that just on the surface of it not much less net carbon, then burning something that was taken out millions of years ago?    Mr. Beyer. Can I interrupt for one second?    Mr. Beyer. Why more carbon if you just take the same carbon that was coming out anyway, so get rid of this alternative land use----    Mr. Beyer. --theory. It was going to come out in soy crops or forest or whatever, no--leave the desert. You're still not--you're still adding--putting carbon back into the atmosphere that was coming out naturally rather than carbon that's been stored.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And with due deference to the Chairman of the Subcommittee on the Environment being from Oklahoma, I'd like to study--cite a study from the University of Tulsa National Energy Policy Institute that estimated that the United States has spent $8 trillion from 1976 to 2010 defending access to oil supplies in the Persian Gulf.    So, Mr. Coleman, a rhetorical question, is the massive cost that U.S. taxpayers pay every year to defend these shipping lanes included in the price of oil?    Mr. Beyer. And as we talked about, the great promise of advanced biofuels rather than simple corn ethanol, if we do away with the Renewable Fuel Standard and that first-generation ethanol plants goes away, what implication does not have for being able to develop an advanced biofuels market?    Mr. Beyer. Great. Great. Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you very much.