    Mr. Fettus. Thank you, Chairman Shimkus and Ranking Member Tonko, and distinguished members of the subcommittee for having me today and allowing me to provide the Natural Resources Defense Council's views on this matter.    Let me get right to two key issues at hand, the proposed Yucca Mountain repository and interim storage away from reactor sites. We are concerned Congress is on a trajectory to make two misguided decisions that run directly counter to the bipartisan set of recommendations found in President Obama's Blue Ribbon Commission for America's Nuclear Future.    First, with respect to Yucca--and I will note that Nevada is not here--it is clear some members believe the proposed Yucca site is a safe place to bury spent nuclear fuel and that the project can be revived now that Senator Reid is retiring. Reasonable people can disagree. Respectfully, those ideas are not accurate. Efforts to restart the failed process face an uphill climb of massive technical and institutional challenges, years of litigation, and a complete lack of meaningful State consent. Simply, Yucca Mountain leaks profusely. Licensing depends on, at this point, a fictional set of drip shields. And the State is joined across party lines to litigate the matter for as long as it takes.    This is on top of the history where, in an effort to preserve what turned out to be an unworkable site, in the mid-1980s, the Energy Department, they abandoned its technical siting guidelines used to select Yucca. In the early 2000s, EPA gerrymandered the site boundaries in an effort to ensure that radiation doses at the edge of the regulated area miles away would be acceptable. And then DOE proposed that hundreds of years into the future, the agency would spend billions more to introduce titanium drip shields to prevent the early corrosion of the waste containers.    Along the way, Congress worked on the site selection process by simply selecting Yucca and then demanding EPA's regulations be consistent with the views of the National Academy of Sciences. This effort subsequently backfired when a bipartisan panel of the D.C. Circuit unanimously found that EPA's rule was not, in fact, consistent with the views of the National Academy of Sciences.    Restarting the Yucca fight, respectfully, Mr. Chairman, is not the way to go nor is the right way to proceed with the current flurry of premature interim storage plants. Here Congress could be poised to delink interim storage of spent fuel from the requirement to first establish an acceptable final geologic site. Wise leaders with a history of reaching across the aisle, like Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico, who was the first and last to introduce potentially workable legislation consistent with the BRC recommendations warned against such tactics for decades. The American public and each of the States--and I think this is where we all agree--not just the industry that has the special deal of the Federal Government assuming its waste burden, has the right to expect a permanent, thoughtful solution to our nuclear waste dilemma. Simply expediting an interim storage site for Texas or for New Mexico or some other yet-to-be-named State, without doing the work of crafting a comprehensive bill that can finally get the repository program off the Yucca treadmill and back on track will most likely lead to double the transportation risks, even more extended above-ground storage of highly radioactive waste with no permanent disposal and deeply misguided efforts to shift that waste to Yucca or WIPP when the political stars, not the scientific stars, align. This approach passes the risk to future generations and is destined to arrive in the same quagmire we are sitting in now. It simply doesn't solve the problem.    Instead of proceeding in this fashion, in my written statement I have outlined an approach that NRDC believes is workable and can regain the widespread public and, most important, State support necessary. The elements of this approach are: One, recognized that repositories must remain the focus of any legislative effort; two, create a coherent legislative framework--and this is most important--before commencing any geologic repository or interim storage site development processes; three, arrive at a consent-based approach for nuclear waste storage via a fundamental change in law; four, address the storage or interim storage in a phased approach consistent with the careful architecture of former Senator Bingaman's S. 3469, which was introduced in 2012; and, five, exclude delaying, proliferation, driving, and polarizing closed fuel cycle and processing options from this effort.    This is one area where we certainly agree hopefully with every member of the subcommittee. The history of the Federal nuclear waste program has been dismal, but decades from now, others will face the precise predicament we find ourselves in today unless Congress revamps how nuclear waste is regulated and allows for meaningful State oversight. Otherwise, we are doomed to repeat this cycle until a future Congress gets it right.    Thank you again for this opportunity, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Fettus. No.    Mr. Fettus. Mr. Chairman, that is----    Mr. Fettus. Thank you, Mr. Tonko.    Yes we did. And we were successful in front of a bipartisan panel of the D.C. Circuit with the decision in 2012. The reason why we sued was the lack of a basis for the NRC's judgment that there would be confidence that there is a long-term disposal option on the table. And, importantly, the problem was not necessarily that Yucca Mountain does not exist. The problem is that there was no NEPA review supporting, supporting, the NRC's decision. The NRC has conducted a NEPA review, and they have finalized it, and we have challenged that current review once again in the United States Court of Appeals, and that litigation is pending. The issue there is whether or not, at least as far as we are concerned, whether or not the NRC complied with the D.C. Circuit's explicit directions in the 2012 decision and whether or not the NEPA review complies with the law. And the NEPA review is the National Environmental Policy Act and the environmental impact statement that needs to inform its decision on whether or not there is confidence to store the waste in the interim time up to the final disposal.    Mr. Fettus. The only operating geological repository was in the United States, which is the WIPP facility in southeastern New Mexico for transuranic waste or trace amounts of plutonium for defense, transuranic waste. And it is currently shut down after an accident in February of 2014.