    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, for holding this hearing on the science and ethics of new gene editing technologies.    I want to thank all the witnesses for being here today and look forward to your testimony.    Although we're talking about gene editing technologies that are very new, it's important to mention that humans have been altering the genomes of species through selective breeding for thousands of years. And since the 1970s, it has been possible to directly manipulate DNA, which led to a biotechnology revolution and significant economic growth.    Then we had the Human Genome Project to sequence the human genome, and it was coordinated by the Department of Energy and the National Institutes of Health. The full human genome was sequenced in 2003, opening up whole new possibilities for diagnosing and treating diseases. One such pathway led to the invention of the CRISPR technology.    Thanks to new gene editing technologies, which include CRISPR, we're able to add, remove, and replace DNA bases. They can be thought of as search-and-replace tools for DNA. They're incredibly powerful technologies that have the potential to transform the healthcare, energy, and agricultural sectors. Although new, these technologies were the outgrowth of decades of fundamental research, some of which was supported by the National Science Foundation.    We are here today because a Chinese research group recently published a paper in which they used these technologies to try to modify human embryos. That paper highlights scientific and ethical issues with these technologies, especially if they are being used to modify human germline cells as opposed to adult somatic cells.    I look forward to hearing about the science behind these technologies, as well as how the United States can be a leader in addressing the safety and ethical concerns associated with them.    I understand the National Academies has launched a major initiative around human gene editing technologies. In the 1970s, the National Academies played a similar role dealing with the then-new biotechnologies, and I look forward to hearing more about what they're planning to do concerning these new gene editing technologies. I also look forward to hearing about some of the potential nonhuman applications.    Mr. Lipinski. With that, I'd like to yield my remaining time to my colleague and neighbor from Illinois, Dr. Foster, who was very interested in this topic and helped to organize today's hearing.    Mr. Lipinski. I will just conclude. I agree with Dr. Foster and it's great to see that we have so many people here at this hearing. And it's a very important issue that we really need to consider deeply, so I thank the Chairwoman and the Chairman of the Full Committee, Chairman Smith, for holding this hearing today, and I'll yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    And I now recognize the Chairman of the Full Committee, Mr. Smith.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    As a Northwestern University alumnus, I'm very excited to have Dr. McNally here today. To say an aside, Dr. Dzau, I'm also an alum of Duke University, and unfortunately for Dr. Doudna, an alum of Stanford also.    Dr. McNally is the Director of the Center for Genetic Medicine and Professor in the Departments of Medicine and Biochemistry at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. She is a cardiologist who specializes in inherited forms of heart disease. Dr. McNally's research has identified genes and mechanisms for how genetic lead to heart and muscle disease. She has an undergraduate degree in biology and philosophy from Barnard College at Columbia University and an M.D. and Ph.D. from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine.    It is my pleasure to welcome Dr. McNally to our committee and look forward to her testimony.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. And our final witness is Dr. Jeffrey Kahn, the Robert Henry Levi and Ryda Hecht Levi Professor of Bioethics and Public Policy at the Johns Hopkins Berman Institute of Bioethics and a Professor in the Department of Health Policy and Management at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. Dr. Khan received his bachelor's in microbiology from the University of California, Los Angeles, his master's in public health from Johns Hopkins, and his Ph.D. in philosophy and bioethics from Georgetown University.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would ask that you limit your testimony to five minutes and your entire written statement will be made part of the record.    I now recognize Dr. Dzau for five minutes to present his testimony.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    Before I follow up, I just want to make sure we're more clear on this when we get into the subject.    Dr. Doudna, you and the group that have met, you've called for a temporary moratorium on the use of the technologies on human embryos. Is that correct? And what led you to that and are there particular milestones and discussions of the science that you're working towards and then see ending the moratorium? And I want to get the other panelists to comment on that.    Mr. Lipinski. Does anyone else want to comment on a temporary moratorium on human embryos?    Mr. Lipinski. Okay. Dr. McNally?    Mr. Lipinski. Dr. Khan?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you all very much. It's--yeah, I think there are very difficult ethical questions we need to deal with here and I know myself I certainly don't know enough about the technologies, some of the specifics there, and I think that makes--certainly makes a difference. And then we do get to a question that Dr. McNally said there are things that we certainly want to cure and then the question always is how far do we take this? But we're certainly not going to solve that here so thank you very much.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    Now I recognize Mr. Moolenaar for five minutes.