    Ms. Currier. Good morning. I am U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agriculture Specialist Canine Handler Currier, working out of Dulles. My current canine has been with me for a little over 3 years. I don't know if you are aware of it, but our canines learn their odors in context, so he can easily be off duty and be a regular dog at some times, but when he is on that baggage floor, he is concentrating on passengers and their luggage.    They start with five basic odors down in the training center, and throughout their life, we are continuing to add more odors to what is specific to the port that the dog is assigned to.    Calan handles about 60 different odors, but he also generalizes, and that is one of the ways he builds his repertoire is, when he smells something that is sort of like one of his targets, he will see if he can get a response out of me by him doing his response, which is a basic quiet sit, and then if he gets rewarded for it, he adds it to his list. Beagles love food, so they are highly motivated by our reward system.    Shall I?    Ms. Currier. Okay.    Ms. Currier. Is it working? Yes. Every day is an experience. You never know, it is like opening surprise packages every time you open a suitcase, and some of the strangest things come out. Passengers are coming from all over the world, every kind of country, and they want to bring their food with them. They want to bring their special food with them. Sometimes we open it up and we find something like the charred monkey meat, where it was being brought in for a wedding. And, of course, with primates, we have to worry about diseases that we ourselves could get, including Ebola, from monkey meat.    A lot of strange meat. I have a photo here of a fetus of a little llama that was brought in, and it was supposed to protect somebody's new home that they were going to by plant by digging a hole and putting it in the yard of the home, and they didn't think there was anything wrong with this. But again, we work together with Fish and Wildlife, and we take a lot of things that they are looking for that they have no opportunity to come across themselves in passenger baggage.    Ms. Currier. I don't know.