    Mr. Murphy. I thank the chairman for yielding so I can offer some clarification here, because I feel obligated to take this time, speaking as chairman of the committee's Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, to address the remarks made by my colleague, the gentlelady from Colorado, regarding the status of the subcommittee's investigation.    Statements have been made to indicate the investigation is complete. It is not. The investigation we are conducting with invitations extended to our Democrat colleagues for every meeting is far from complete. In fact, the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee is in the preliminary stages--preliminary stages--of its investigation into the practice of procuring and selling the tissue and parts from babies who have been aborted. A few witnesses have been interviewed, and many have not. Some documents have been obtained. Others will be sought and reviewed, and these will be shared.    The videotapes of these practices put very important issues into the public domain. It is our shared responsibility to collect the facts and present sound information to the American people. It is premature to draw any conclusions to this ongoing investigation. It is going to take a thorough investigation to get to the bottom of this practice, and at this point we simply cannot conclude that there has been no wrongdoing.    I yield back.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I am going to yield to Mr. Shimkus.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Chairman, I just want to say that we will continue to investigate this thoughtfully as you and I do with the Oversight and Investigations Committee, continue to invite you to be thoroughly involved, will continue to share all information together, each side will do that.    There is a lot to review here. I will restate, as I said before, it is premature for any of us to draw conclusions. There is a lot to review and investigate this. As you know, we do with all of our hearings gather information and we follow the facts where they take us, and we will continue to be thoughtful in our approach.