    Ms. CLARKE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank our ranking member. I thank our witnesses for being here this morning.    Mr. Shoraka, in your testimony, you discussed the SBA's expansion of its mentor-protege program to include Service disabled veteran owned small businesses, small businesses located in historically under utilized business zones, and women owned small businesses as directed by the JOBS Act of 2010.    In the five years, has the SBA implemented mentor-protege programs for these small businesses, and if so, can you update us as to the progress of these programs.    Ms. CLARKE. Since the JOBS Act five years ago, we are still in the planning phase is essentially what you are saying, and the expansion of the groups is for all small businesses under the National Defense Act?    Ms. CLARKE. My concern is there was a reason why these particular businesses were targeted in the spectrum of small businesses out there. The concern is that these businesses continue to be under invested in, under supported. Do you believe or feel as though once this rule is completed, there will be sufficient resources to pay attention to these businesses?    Ms. CLARKE. If you could give us a sense at some point in time of what you believe or the agency believes will be sufficient in terms of resources, I really get concerned when we expand given the fact that there was a specific concern around these particular businesses and where they are located under the JOBS Act. It is sort of brush aside to look at a more expansive program. Would you please try to give us a sense of that?    Ms. CLARKE. Mr. Wesley, in your testimony, you referred to a GAO report which concluded that 93 percent of protege firms reported their participation in the mentor-protege program enhanced their firms' overall capabilities.    To what would you attribute that high rate of success, and what could we learn from these successes that we can apply to other Government mentor-protege programs?    Ms. CLARKE. Have you had an opportunity to sort of look at how these mentor-protege relationships are jelling, if you will, and whether in fact we have models that could be used by SBA to expand the program?    Ms. CLARKE. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I have gone over my time, and I yield back.