    Mr. Connolly. Would my friend just yield for one quick observation?    Mr. Connolly. Because I want to return to this when it is my turn. Ambassador Bloomfield, excellent point but I want to make one point. The change up here with respect to the NSC came out of the military, not the State Department. And that causes me grave concern about the dismissal of Young Turks calling a four-star and daring to ask or tell something. That is not a good enough reason to revamp the entire national security apparatus of the President of the United States, which I think my friend, Mr. Rohrabacher, was making as well.    So, I want to engage in that when it is my turn but I think it is important to remember the genesis of the proposed change in the legislation. It didn't come out of the Foreign Policy Committee on the Hill. It came out of the Armed Services Committee.    And I yield back.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Well, if I may, Congressman Connolly, I never thought of myself as an old codger but I know a lot of four-stars, retired and some active duty, and it has been my privilege to know them. And I have seen them during situations where they may even not take guidance from the Secretary of Defense on certain things, like ROE in a situation where they need to keep the peace the first day of an intervention. I know these folks and I have been there. Derek will have his own experience.    It is unfathomable to me that a four-star commander in the field would take guidance from a staffer in the bureaucracy. It is unfathomable to me. I don't understand it.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I will inform my friend from Florida I don't know that we all agree. I certainly don't agree with his analysis in terms of the prescription.    Frankly, how Congress is approaching this through the Armed Services Committee, not through the Foreign Affairs or Foreign Relations Committees, reminds me of H. L. Mencken. You know for every human problem, there is a solution. There is a solution; simple, neat, and wrong.    I mean I heard my friend Mr. Perry talk about maybe that old system of 10 advisors is what we ought to go back to. Well, I mean, if you are worried about unwieldy bureaucracies in the White House, let us go back to Lincoln's model. He had two secretaries. Would that work? That would certainly not be unwieldy. I don't know that it would. And he had to deal with a Civil War. So, what is wrong with that? It is a big, difficult, complex world.    Ambassador Miller, you mentioned one of the prescriptions was, make the State Department work. I thought that was a profound statement.    Ambassador Miller. Yes.    Mr. Connolly. One of the reasons a President turns to a group of advisors is because the bureaucracy doesn't work for them.    Ambassador Miller. I know.    Mr. Connolly. Thank God there were low-level people telling the President a different thing than Curtis LeMay during the Cuban Missile Crisis. If we had followed the chain of command strictly, rigidly, after all, he has the stars, he has been confirmed, we would have gone to World War III. Curtis LeMay wanted to bomb Cuba, even though he didn't even know that in fact some of the missiles in fact had already been nuclear tipped and were acclimated. Thank God there were other voices than the chain of command.    There are times the bureaucracy, and I don't mean that in any pejorative way, produces great statesmen and stateswomen. And thank God it does. The very best rises to the top. There are other times that is not so true. And the President has to rely on a group of younger people to give him some advice and, soon, maybe her.    And so it seems to me, a little thing up here, Congress doesn't do nuance. And so if you look at the legislation, what does it do? What is our fix for this vague problem, that it is too big? Well, I don't know. What would make you happy? What would be the ideal Goldilocks solution for the NSC size?    And by the way, why have we chosen the NSC? Mr. Chollet, you mentioned, would you remind us how big the staff of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Pentagon is?    Mr. Connolly. Seven times and no one is talking about that. Is that a problem? When you were in the White House, was that ever a problem?    Mr. Connolly. Was there ever confusion as to who was speaking for whom?    Mr. Connolly. Well, I just I think we need to tread lightly. I don't think that the legislation only ought to have the imprint of the Armed Services Committee. I think it needs some foreign policy overlay and I think we need to understand what problem it is that we are fixing.    It may be that it is too big and too unwieldy and not coordinated and some people overstep their lines. Of course that is going to happen but does that merit draconian legislation that says you can only have 100?    How many are on the NSC staff now, Mr. Chollet?    Mr. Connolly. Okay, so we are roughly cutting it in half. And if you want to go above that, as the chairman indicated, NSC gets confirmed.    Now, this is why I cited Mencken. Let us assume for a minute, stipulate there is a problem and that is the problem. The solution guarantees all the things you don't like, guarantees institutional friction until the cows come home because now I am your equal. I am confirmed, too. And I got actually official status to get you in a lot of trouble over there at the State Department or the Pentagon because I am confirmed like you are. And I am not sure that is the solution.    You know if there was someone who understood that, it was the guy who probably started all this problem, Henry Kissinger. Because when he finally got the confirmable job, he kept the NSC job, too, because he didn't want that tension. And that is an interesting model for us to contemplate.    At any rate, I am sorry, but the chairman has graciously said I could have an extra minute or two to compensate for Mr. Rohrabacher. So, this is your comment.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Could I just put another idea before you? And this is in the spirit of nonpartisanship. Every time there is an election, the winning team has a plum book and gives away political appointments. I have been in an political appointed position for five administrations. We have watched, over the decades, as lower and lower levels of the bureaucracy are awarded to political appointees, people who are loyal, who were helpful on a campaign, that sort of thing, who may have been contributors. And I think that we could look at that issue and ask, because as Mr. Perry brought up the question of qualifications, it may be there are just too many jobs in the foreign policy bureaucracy being awarded to people who had talents in the political arena but really didn't have background or any seasoning in the foreign policy and national security arena. And that is something that would be a bipartisan endeavor. So, I thought I would put that out there as part of the record of the hearing.    Ambassador Miller. Mr. Connolly, I think it is time for a nuanced look at the State Department.    Mr. Connolly. And I reiterate, that is not us.    Ambassador Miller. Yes, but somebody up here has to have a nuanced approach to the State Department. It is an institution. And I will say this again, every foreign service officer that came out of the White House who worked for me, they were superb. You put them back in the State Department and they are put back into a structure that doesn't function well.    The cure, if you will, is complex. It is a problem that has grown over many years. And I would hope that a group of staff people up here could begin under your direction to say what all might we consider as a new administration arrives to make the Department work better. If it doesn't, you are not going to solve whatever NSC problem you think you are facing.    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman, I just want to thank you for the indulgence and I think our witnesses were great. And I really think this is a great contribution to a very important subject and I would hope that our committee will weigh in and not cede this entirely to the Armed Services Committee because I think it is just too important.    And again, I thank you so much for holding this hearing.