    Mr. Franks. The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time.    Thank you all for being here. The first clause of Article I, Section VII of the Constitution provides that, ``all bills for raising revenue shall originate in the House of Representatives, but the Senate may propose or concur with amendments as on other bills.'' This clause, commonly referred to as the Origination Clause, was designed by the Constitution's Framers to bring the power to tax closer to the people by giving control over initiating revenue legislation to their immediate Representatives, Members of the House of Representatives, who are elected every 2 years. The Framers' viewed the Origination Clause as a critical protection against government abuses and the creation of an aristocracy in America.    The power to tax is one of the most fundamental operations of a sovereign and one of the most dangerous to liberty. As Chief Justice John Marshall famously observed, the power to tax involves the power to destroy.    Simply put, the Origination Clause, the origination of revenue bills is not a small matter or marginal issue. Indeed, the need for a just tax system was the moral justification for our entire War of Independence. Its importance was expressed through the Virginia House of Burgesses, the Stamp Act Congress, and the First Continental Congress, all of whom petitioned the Crown and the Parliament in England for redress of their tax grievances.    It was with these realities in mind that the Origination Clause of our Constitution was written. The clause was, according to Massachusetts convention delegate Elbridge Gerry, ``the cornerstone of the accommodation'' of the Great Compromise of 1787. Thus, without the Origination Clause at the core of the Great Compromise, the Constitution as we know it today would not have come into being.    When the Framers wrote the Constitution, they knew it was vital that the power to raise and levy taxes originate in the people's House whose Members are closest to the electorate with 2-year terms rather than in the Senate whose Members sit unchallenged for 6-year terms. The Senate also does not proportionally represent the American population, and they already enjoy their own and unique and separate Senate powers granted to them in the Constitution.    As George Mason observed during the debate in the Constitutional Convention, ``Should the Senate have the power of giving away the people's money, they might soon forget the source from whence they received it. We might soon have an aristocracy.''    I have called today's hearing to examine the roots of the Origination Clause, its original meaning and purpose, and to see where the Origination Clause stands today after 225 years after the Great Compromise. I am concerned that over time the original meaning of the clause has been set aside, and the protections the clause affords to American taxpayers have been severely eroded. Instead of a robust check on the Federal Government over the people, I am troubled that the clause has become a mere formality in practice, a formality that may be dispensed with as easily as the Senate taking any bill that originated in the House and striking the entire text of the bill and replacing it with a ``bill for raising revenue no matter how nongermane the Senate's amendment is to the House original passed measure.'' A glaring example would be when the Senate struck everything but the bill number in the ACA legislation, which was a completely nongermane bill, and inserted the entire Affordable Care Act, which the Supreme Court later specifically designated as a tax since it raised 17 different taxes and was, in fact, the largest tax increase in the history of the Republic.    This sort of procedure blatantly ignores the Framers' intent, and if allowed to stand, it renders the Origination Clause of our Constitution a dead letter. We await with great concern the Supreme Court's decision as to whether they will allow that to happen as they ponder the review of the case on this topic, Sissel v. HHS.    Enforcing the Origination Clause is of critical concern to this House and especially this Constitution Subcommittee. If we as Members of the House who took a solemn oath to support and defend the Constitution, including its Origination Clause, fail to defend this right and responsibility as the immediate Representatives of the people and those most accountable to them, we dishonor and fundamentally abrogate our sworn oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States from all enemies, foreign and domestic.    I thank the witnesses for their testimony and yield to the Ranking Member, Mr. Cohen, for his opening statement.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And I now yield to the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Goodlatte from Virginia.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the Chairman.    Mr. Franks. Without objection.    Mr. Franks. And, without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record as well.    So now I will introduce our witnesses. Our first witness is Todd Gaziano. Mr. Gaziano is executive director of the D.C. Center and senior fellow in constitutional law at the Pacific Legal Foundation. Prior to joining Pacific Legal Foundation, he served in the Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel, was chief Subcommittee counsel in the U.S. House of Representatives, and was the founding director of Heritage Foundation's Center for Legal and Judicial Studies. From early 2008 to December 2013, he served as an appointee of the House of Representatives on the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights.    Our second witness is Elizabeth Wydra. Ms. Wydra is Chief Counsel of the Constitutional Accountability Center. She frequently participates in Supreme Court litigation and has argued several important cases in the Federal courts of appeals. She was previously a supervising attorney and teaching fellow at the Georgetown University Law Center Appellate Litigation Clinic. After graduating from law school, she clerked for Judge James R. Browning of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.    Our final witness is Paul Kamenar. Mr. Kamenar is a Washington, D.C., attorney who provides legal counsel on legal, regulatory, and public policy matters, and guest lectures at the U.S. Naval Academy on constitutional and national security law. He is also a senior fellow of the Administrative Conference of the United States and a member of its Committee on Judicial Review. Mr. Kamenar was formerly a clinical professor of Law at George Mason University Law School, an adjunct professor at Georgetown University Law Center, and senior executive counsel at the Washington Legal Foundation.    Now each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety, and I would ask each witness to summarize his or her testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time, there's a timing light in front of you. The light switch will switch from green to yellow, indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired.    Before I recognize the witness, it is the tradition of the Subcommittee that they be sworn. So if you'll stand to be sworn, please.    Will you raise your right hand?    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    You may be seated. Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative. I want to welcome all of you here, and I now recognize our first witness, Mr. Gaziano, and please turn on that microphone before you start here.    Mr. Franks. And thank you, sir.    I now recognize our second witness, Ms. Wydra, and make sure that microphone is on.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentlelady.    And we will now recognize our third and final witness, Mr. Kamenar, and please turn on that microphone.    Mr. Franks. I want to thank all of the witnesses for very invigorating testimony.    And we'll now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions, and I'll begin by recognizing myself for 5 minutes.    I think one of the real issues before us today is the meaning of the Origination Clause. And not to be the blooming obvious award here, but, indeed, if Ms. Wydra is correct that any misapplication could be corrected by a followup vote by the House when the legislation returns, that's true of a bill that originated in the Senate in the first place. So, once again, if the Senate can take a House bill, nongermane, and strike everything and make the largest revenue-raising bill in the history of the Republic into it, I have no ability in terms of engineering to ascertain how the Origination Clause retains any meaning whatsoever.    And I appreciate the Ranking Member's reference to the ``Little Engine That Could.'' If my grasp of that classic literature in which he took his reference is correct, I think it turned into the little engine that did. We can hope.    Mr. Gaziano, in your written testimony, you state that, ``like the guarantee of free speech, the Origination Clause guarantees a deeply ingrained individual right.'' I find this point very compelling given that one of the ``repeated injuries and usurpations'' penned by Thomas Jefferson against the King of Great Britain in the Declaration of Independence was ``imposing taxes on us without our consent.''    With this in mind, who is the Origination Clause intended to protect? How is it intended to protect them, and who is responsible for ensuring that protection?    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you. I know it's been suggested that our Constitution is evolving. It is my perspective that if this is really a living document, then perhaps it's also a dead letter. My hope and I hope that the responsibility of this Committee is to keep the Constitution from evolving into vapor, and the Origination Clause I think is at stake in this case.    Mr. Kamenar, if allowed to stand, what effect would the D.C. Circuit's decision in Sissel v. HHS have on Federal courts' understanding of the Origination Clause, and what effect could it have on Congress?    Mr. Franks. Thank you, sir.    I'll now recognize the Ranking Member for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. If you listen to the ``Little Train That Could,'' he was whistling Dixie too.    I now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. Would the gentleman direct that to one of the witnesses?    Mr. Franks. I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    I thank all of the witnesses. I almost wish this hearing wouldn't end, but not that bad. So this, indeed, concludes today's hearing.    And, without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And, again, I thank the witnesses and the Members and even the audience, and this hearing is adjourned.