    Mr. Clarke. Chairmen, Ranking Members and other Members of the Subcommittees, good morning, and thank you for the opportunity to appear today to provide you information regarding NASA's role in and commitment to NOAA's Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) and Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite-R (GOES-R) series programs.    JPSS and GOES-R programs are critical to the nation's weather forecasting system, environmental monitoring and research activities. NASA and NOAA have been partners for more than 40 years in developing the nation's polar and geosynchronous weather satellites.    Following the restructure of the National Polar-orbiting Operational Environmental Satellite System (NPOESS) program in 2010, NASA and NOAA returned to the successful partnership for JPSS. A NASA program office for JPSS was created and is staffed with a complement of NASA's civil servants and contractors. NOAA and NASA established joint agency-level program management councils to oversee JPSS and GOES-R and have integrated their decision-making processes to efficiently and effectively manage this cooperative activity.    The NASA and NOAA teams have continually demonstrated a strong working relationship over the last four years, and as Dr. Volz mentioned, I am very pleased and proud the NASA and NOAA team in partnership with the U.S. Air Force and SpaceX in launching the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR), which will maintain the Nation's real-time solar wind monitoring capabilities. These measurements are critical to the accuracy and lead time of space weather alerts and forecasts. Once it reaches its destination at the first Sun-Earth Lagrangian point L-1, DSCOVR will help provide timely and accurate warnings of space weather events like the geomagnetic storms caused by changes in solar wind, which have the potential to disrupt nearly every major public infrastructure system, including power grids, telecommunications, aviation and the Global Positioning System (GPS).    Additionally, in the past four years of our partnership, NASA and NOAA have successfully launched the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (NPP) mission and the Total Solar Irridiance Calibration Transfer Experiment (TCTE) payload. Suomi NPP celebrated its three-year on-orbit anniversary this past October, providing operational data to NOAA for use in weather forecasting. The satellite was developed to extend the record of key observations from the NASA Earth Observing System series of satellites and to demonstrate spaceflight and ground data-processing technologies for the next generation of operational polar-orbiting meteorological satellites.    The JPSS-1 mission is on track towards the planned second-quarter Fiscal Year 2017 launch. The spacecraft Integration Readiness Review was completed in December and both the Clouds and Earth Radiant Energy System (CERES) and the Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suite-Nadir (OMPS-N) instruments have been fully integrated with the spacecraft. The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) and Cross-track Infrared Sounder (CrIS) instruments have completed environmental testing and are ready for installation onto the JPSS spacecraft.    The GOES-R series program of four geosynchronous satellites continues to make progress toward launching GOES-R, the first satellite of the series, in the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2016, and manufacturing GOES-S, the second satellite of the series, with a planned launch date in the third quarter of Fiscal Year 2017. Last year, the GOES-R Series Program successfully completed the GOES-R spacecraft Mission Operations Review and System Integration Review, allowing the spacecraft to enter the assembly, integration and test phase.    NASA and NOAA are committed to the JPSS and GOES-R programs, and ensuring the success of these programs is essential to both agencies and the Nation. The NASA and NOAA teams have established strong working relationships and are striving to ensure that weather and environmental monitoring requirements are met on the most efficient schedule without reducing system capabilities. I am confident the NASA/NOAA partnership will successfully develop and deliver the next-generation polar and geosynchronous weather satellites to our Nation.    Mr. Clarke. Can I defer back?    Mr. Clarke. Okay.    Mr. Clarke. Yes, Mr. Beyer. Those instruments are being developed now. They are in the assembly and initial part of testing, and so those instruments are on schedule to support the JPSS-2 spacecraft. Keep in mind, I think I mentioned in my opening remarks too, CERES is kind of the precursor to RBI, and so those instruments are all set and ready to go and they are installed on JPSS-1. So this is really a continuation from JPSS-1 to build continuity between 1 and 2.    Mr. Clarke. Yes. Thank you. The NASA Earth research community, certainly we collaborate with NOAA and other agencies to be able to obtain data from all types of sources. NASA has plenty of Earth-observing assets on orbit gathering, that kind of information, but it is always good to have additional data to help correlate. So there would be some impact of not getting that data, but we do have other assets to rely on, and if we wanted to get into more detail, I could take the question for the record and then talk with my Earth science colleagues in NASA and provide you more detail.    Mr. Clarke. Well, I would have to take that for the record for the future plans. That may be discussed in other areas within NASA that I am not privy to, but I can take that for the record.    I will tell you, though, that for all of our spacecraft that are in development now, we do look at those on a case-by-case basis based on the updated probability in these orbital debris models. We also look at the probability and where these spacecraft are going, and implement changes if we need to protect in certain areas on these spacecraft during development. So NASA is just as concerned with on-orbit debris and so we continue to look at it.    Mr. Clarke. Well, ATMS is a complex instrument just like the rest of the instruments that are part of that suite, and the one that is operating on NPP is doing well, but again, these are complex instruments. They don't--I don't want to--how do I put--they don't come off a production line like many end items. They are not stamped copies, so to speak. They are very detailed, intricate instruments, and the ATMS that we are working on now was manufactured in the early part of that NPOESS phase and then turned over as part of the hardware afterwards, and so we have found issues with that particular when we started going through testing, and due to the complexity, we are working through those challenges. It is not unlike other development programs where we have had very complex instruments and we have had to go in and resolve issues.    The benefit of this, particularly the JPSS program, with these instruments, we have been able to work through how to integrate those instruments and when, and to preserve the schedule for JPSS, and that is what we have done. We have worked with our contractors and with NOAA and looked at mitigation options of how to keep that on track, the overall spacecraft project, which we have done, while we are working through the ATMS issues, and we feel like we are beginning to get a handle on the issues with ATMS, and I feel confident we are going to resolve those problems. But it is not unlike other programs where we may have one particular area experience a challenge or an issue, and we will work through it and find ways to continue to stay on track with the schedule like we are doing now.    Mr. Clarke. Does my spouse's family count?    Mr. Clarke. Thank you, and she thanks you.