    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much. I'd like to thank the Chair and the Ranking Member for having this hearing in the first place. It's very important. And thank all of you for coming and being with us. And I especially appreciate the perspective from both the majority and the minority that regulations are important and that it's important that we get them right.    I've been in business 42 years, and the--see the impact that OSHA has had, that clean air and clean water and food safety and drug effectiveness and all these incredible things.    But it's also important that we get the balance right in terms of the cost-effectiveness. I remember when I served in the Virginia Senate, one of the proposals was that we get rid of all asbestos in Virginia schools at a cost of $2 billion, and they estimated it would save the life of one child. We said, well, is that the best way to spend $2 billion in terms of children's health? And maybe not.    So let me move on. To Mr. Batkins, your chart I thought was fascinating because I just wanted to point out that the high point was in 2008 when George W. Bush was President, and that the low point over all those years was in 2012 when President Obama faced a very uncertain election against Mitt Romney. So I was glad to see that it was very--presented in a nonpartisan way, that this is not just beating up on President Obama for what you fear will happen in 2016.    Mr. Bosworth, thank you for talking about the unintended consequences of the condensing versus non-condensing furnaces. I loved your line that the false choice between short-sighted solution to repair and maintain old efficiency equipment--inefficient equipment and purchasing new equipment that will never have a positive payback.    Ms. Callahan wrote, and I quote, ``The process that leads to standards is informed at every step by stakeholders representing diverse sectors so that negotiations reflect the respective interests of industry and consumers and will have positive effects on the environment.'' And you just elaborated on that, Ms. Callahan, just a minute ago.    Mr. Bosworth, so you're in the business at the retail level. You said the process is broken. How does your experience differ from what Ms. Callahan talked about in terms of promulgating these regulations? Why haven't this process with industry and stakeholders and consumers not apparently worked with respect to these furnaces?    Mr. Beyer. So your argument would be that the regulation needs to be fine-tuned based on where you live in the country?    Mr. Beyer. Sure. Yes. Yes, sir.    Mr. Beyer. Yes. Yes.    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Thank you. Yes, we sell a lot of all-wheel drive cars after Snowmageddon here, but they're tough to sell in Florida so--Ms. Kerrigan, your--some of the statistics that you quoted, I know you--they're not your statistics, that leaving aside manufacturing, that other firms, 50 employees or less, the full regulatory burden, $11,724 per employee, environmental regulations $3,574 employee, I'm trying to think here because I know my financial statement really well how I could ever get to numbers that high for my employees. The only way I could do it would be to consider the built cost of, you know, complying with fire codes.    I certainly don't think you would want us not to dispose of Freon and antifreeze. I actually remember back in early 1980s we used to pour the antifreeze down the drain. And I called the EPA and they said, well, that's what everyone does. It's--we're in a very different world right now. How much did that $3,574, which I can't imagine is more than about $600, do you think we shouldn't be doing?    Mr. Beyer. Well, I'd just like to invite you or somebody from your organization--and I do this with great respect--to come into my business with my daughter or my brother and walk through and see where you could figure out which regulation we should reverse because I can't think of one. I also can't think of one that costs very much so----    Mr. Beyer. Across the board.    Mr. Beyer. Across the board.    Mr. Beyer. And I'm talking about retail automobile dealerships, you know, as gritty as you get.    Mr. Beyer. All right. Thank you. And one last question. Ms. Callahan, thank you, too, for being so bipartisan in your----    Mr. Beyer. --and reminding us that these things have evolved over decades with Democrats and Republicans working together, which is what we would like again moving forward.    But you also talked about there are ways to make improvements, transparency in data. Can you talk about that for just a minute until the Chairman tells me my time has run out?    Mr. Beyer. We just want to make sure the Mr. Bosworths and Mr. Webers are at the table.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.