    Mr. Ribble. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think, first of all, we need to kind of put--or set aside some myths that have been going on. I have heard it both on the other side, I have heard it from some of our panelists related to--that the problems with the FAA are in part centered around Government shutdowns and inconsistent funding.    In the last four decades there has only been 50 days of Government shutdowns. Over 14,600 days, there has been 50 days of Government shutdowns. And some of those the FAA was exempt from. So that is a tiny, tiny number, about 1 day or 10 days per decade. The Republic will survive.    Secondly, on funding, we talked about inconsistent funding. I am not going to give you budget numbers, I am going to give you appropriated numbers. In fiscal year 2013 they were funded at $15,238,000,000. In fiscal year 2014, $15,734,000,000. In fiscal year 2015, $15,847,000,000. And in fiscal year 2016, $16,011,000,000. So each year the funding has been relatively consistent, and has been growing modestly every single year. And so, our problems with the FAA are not because they have had inconsistent funding, or irregular funding, or Government shutdown. It has been more of what the inspector generals and Government Accountability Office has talked to us about.    Now, related to this fix, whether the fix is the right fix or not the right fix, I think that is all up for debate. And I think that we can try to figure out how in the world we can move forward and actually get a fix that actually works for everybody.    First of all, Mr. Rinaldi, air traffic control workers have done, really, quite an extraordinary job.    Mr. Ribble. I mean, I----    Mr. Ribble. You need to know that when I get on an airplane--and I get on an airplane every single weekend to fly back to Wisconsin and then back to Washington, DC--safety never enters my mind. And so I want to commend the air traffic controllers for how good they actually are.    Mr. Ribble. You are welcome. And I think they will continue to be good, even if we have a different structure. And just because Government is out of the way and a not-for-profit organization is running it doesn't necessarily mean safety or things go bad.    In fact, if Government shutdowns are, in fact, a problem, maybe we just get the Government out of the way and then there would be no shutdowns. But I just wanted to make it clear that your team and the workers that do this every single day have been doing a terrific job. And I want you to know that.    Mr. Bolen, you mentioned numerous times in your testimony both written and spoken today that one of your concerns is turning over this new, not-for-profit organization to the big airlines, because they will have, in essence, 50 percent of the board for representatives, and then someone from the airline----    Mr. Ribble. Yes, effective control. But yet I thought I heard you say when you were asked a question, ``Would you restructure the board then,'' you said no. Did I misunderstand you?    Mr. Ribble. OK.    Mr. Ribble. Mr. Bolen, wouldn't that basically--wouldn't moral hazard come into play then, and consumers would respond to it?    Mr. Ribble. All right, thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, I am out of time, I yield.