    Mr. Kini. I think there is debate, Congressman, about the transparency of the FSOC process for non-bank SIFIs. That process does not necessarily need to be imported into a process for bank holding companies if Congress chooses a different threshold or a different metric by which to apply these enhanced prudential standards to bank holding companies.    Mr. Kini. Thank you, Congresswoman.    I do think that if the goal here and the policy objective is to identify as accurately as possible those banking organizations that pose significant risk to financial stability, then it is very much worth considering a more nuanced alternative than just flat asset size. So I do think that would be a useful exercise.    Mr. Kini. I think the one thing that I would say is that the current framework puts organizations--as soon as they cross $50 billion, it subjects them to mandatory enhanced standards. That means a $51 billion bank organization has to be treated differently than a $49 billion institution. And there is a real question in my mind as to whether that approach makes sense.    Mr. Kini. Congressman, I think what Section 165 does, to your very good point, is it dictates that there is a mandatory level of enhanced standards that have to apply at $50 billion. So it is kind of like a toggle switch. At $50 billion, there has to be some sort of enhanced capital, enhanced liquidity, enhanced stress-testing, and other enhanced standards that have to apply at that level. So there has to be a distinction between $51 billion and $49 billion bank holding companies.    Now, the Federal Reserve has the authority to tailor and differentiate once it goes above the $50 billion. But, to your point, at $50 billion, that is an important threshold that the Dodd-Frank Act sets and that the Federal Reserve does not have the authority to vary with respect to these core elements.    Many people, including Federal Reserve Governor Tarullo, have questioned the value of applying all of these standards to $50 billion bank holding companies and, I think, have openly questioned and suggested whether this ought to be reexamined. The Federal Reserve does not have authority to change where that toggle switch fits. Only Congress can act to move that toggle switch.    Mr. Kini. With respect to these core elements of capital, liquidity, stress-testing, the Federal Reserve does have authority to vary and differentiate, but it can't move that $50 billion threshold. It has to apply the $50 billion threshold because that is what the statute says.    There are other parts of Section 165 where the FSOC and the Federal Reserve could move things, but those are outside of these core elements, and that is statutorily set at $50 billion. There has to be a differentiation, according to the statute.    Mr. Kini. I would agree, as well. I think merely raising the threshold or eliminating it does not take away authority that the regulators have. The Federal Reserve, for example, in the Bank Holding Company Act has broad authority and has ample authority to take supervisory measures that it deems fit under that Act both as a regulatory matter and as a supervisory matter.    Mr. Kini. Thank you, Congressman.    I think you are exactly right. The $50 billion threshold is now used in a number of different contexts beyond what is dictated in Section 165.    So, to give one example, regulators have dictated that certain enhanced compliance requirements apply in the regulations under the Volcker Rule for $50 billion banking entities. There is no statutory directive to do that, but this $50 billion concept is embedded there. It is embedded in certain governance and risk management standards that the Comptroller of the Currency has adopted.    So it is kind of expanding and being used in a number of different areas that are not required by the statute. And I think that is because the regulators are looking at Section 165 and pointing to it and saying, well, Congress made a choice here on $50 billion, so we are going to adopt a $50 billion threshold, as well.    So the end result seems to be: one, kind of a continued proliferation of the $50 billion threshold; and two, the imposition of regulatory requirements that are beyond the set that we have been talking about up to now on bank holding companies once they cross that $50 billion mark.    Mr. Kini. I think that is a fair statement. I think they have, in various contexts, used $50 billion elsewhere where there is no requirement to do so, and they haven't done--in some of those cases, like in the Volcker Rule, there are harder standards at $50 billion than below.    Mr. Kini. The Federal Reserve could vary different types of stress-testing above the $50 billion level, but it has to apply enhanced capital requirements at $50 billion, and it has to apply Dodd-Frank stress-testing, so DFAST stress-testing, at $50 billion. And, as a matter of fact, Governor Tarullo has really asked, well, does that make sense, to apply some of that level at $50 billion.    Mr. Kini. I am not aware that the Federal Reserve advocated for the $50 billion. As a matter of fact, the Basel Committee uses a much more nuanced indicator-based approach when it looks at globally systemically important banks, number one.    And, number two, when the Federal Reserve has considered mergers under its bank holding company authority and has been directed by Dodd-Frank to look at systemic importance, it, too, uses a much richer and nuanced analysis, which suggests that when the Federal Reserve is not directed to use $50 billion, it, too, would use a much more nuanced approach and a much richer analysis for determining systemic importance.