    Mr. Hochberg. Chairman, Ranking Member, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify about the role that EXIM plays in promoting commercial diplomacy, a critical component of American foreign policy.    In May 2012, EXIM was reauthorized with overwhelming bipartisan support, 330 members in the House and 78 in the Senate. The 2012 Reauthorization all put in place a number of reforms. And let me underscore, each and every one of those reforms has been implemented.    Since then, the Bank has continued to support U.S. private sector job growth including 164,000 jobs last year alone. We have also generated as has been stated, billions of dollars for the taxpayers including $675 million sent to the Treasury for deficit reduction in 2014.    EXIM fully believes and works with the private sector to support U.S. job growth. We do this in two ways. One, when the private sector is unwilling or unable to provide financing to exporters; and secondly, when U.S. exporters face foreign competition backed by other governments, EXIM works to level the playing field for U.S. businesses and their workers.    At one time, EXIM financed defense exports. However, since 1968, Congress has prohibited the Bank from financing most military sales. While almost all of EXIM's financing is commercial, U.S. companies with a defense presence can still benefit from EXIM nonetheless.    W.S. Darley is a fire equipment producer, headquartered in Illinois that manufactures in both Wisconsin and Iowa with a supply chain throughout America. Darley is a company that works in both the commercial and defense sectors. One way that Darley keeps its workforce fully deployed is by balancing between the two with roughly half their business being commercial.    Recently, EXIM financing empowered them to sell 32 fire trucks to Nigeria supporting 100 jobs. On top of that, the sale included training services for public service employees in Lagos. This transaction is but one example of how when countries build things together, they often form lasting bonds that go far beyond the commercial to serve our national interests.    In addition, as directed by Congress, the Bank requires some of our larger transactions to be shipped on U.S. flagged vessels, thereby supporting a strong merchant marine. Over the past 2 years alone, more than $90 million in shipping fees have been paid by foreign buyers to the U.S. Merchant Marine.    U.S. businesses operate in the global economy. American businesses and workers aren't simply competing against Chinese, Russian, or French counterparts. Often, they are competing against whole nations.    Last week, I met with my foreign counterparts, discussed the future of export credits. Congress has made it clear they would like the Treasury Secretary to ratchet down export credits. However, what I heard from Europe to Asia to South America was just the opposite. Our foreign counterparts intend to accelerate financial backing for their exporters as well as serving as a much-needed backstop.    When commercial banks withdraw from regions or sectors that are experiencing downturns, export credit agencies step forward and fill the gap so that domestic exporters don't lose sales or workers. In some way, EXIM is like a fire truck. You don't sell of a fire truck just because you haven't had a fire in the past few years.    We appreciate the widespread support, bipartisan support of EXIM and we are eager to continue to support American jobs as the Bank has done effectively and efficiently for over eight decades, providing long-term certainty to U.S. businesses, seeking to compete in overseas markets is imperative. Businesses need to make long-term plans to grow global sales, hire more workers, and invest in innovation. Those sales, in turn, lead to greater economic stability, both in the U.S. and abroad. And for all nations, economic stability is the foundation of security and peace.    In closing, as Congress considers reauthorization of EXIM Bank, I trust this committee will keep American competitiveness at the forefront. We appreciate the subcommittee's interest. We look forward to working with you to empower your constituents to export more, hire more American workers, and strengthen America's economic resilience to the global age ahead.    Thank you and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Hochberg. Yes, it is.    Mr. Hochberg. Texas is the number one state in the country for exports.    Mr. Hochberg. Absolutely. One of our great American exporters is from Olney, Texas.    Mr. Hochberg. Air Tractor.    Mr. Hochberg. I don't believe it does, sir. I mean when we support Air Tractor, it is a great company. They have less than 300 employees in a town with about 3,000 people. It is a big business for a town of Olney, Texas with three traffic lights. We support their exports to farmers in Argentina, Brazil, a lot of their farmers in Latin America that are not credit worthy without our export support, without our guarantee. We are not helping them when they compete in the United States. When they compete in the United States, they compete in a free and open market. The only time we help them is how they compete against other foreign competitors who are trying to take that sale away from them.    Mr. Hochberg. We will do buyer financing. In the case with Air Tractor, we have actually provided a guarantee that the foreign buyer will pay over a 5- to 6-year period and then that is transferred over to--actually Wells Fargo Bank is the one bank that will work with them on these transactions.    Mr. Hochberg. Actually, Amegy Bank, we named our lender of the year this past year--in 2015. But we also work with foreign banks. We will work with the bank that the buyer needs to work with in order to make sure we can provide the guarantee that will make the transaction go forward.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, in the case of Air Tractor, using that as an example, it is a foreign buyer who has a choice. They can buy either American made crop dusters and firefighting equipment or foreign. So in that case, we--if the financing is the one thing that is needed to make that sale, the customer, the exporter has to deal with price, quality, value, service. We only can step in if financing is the one stumbling block and the private sector can't or won't do it. We can step in and make sure there is a level playing field so that they can buy an American product versus a foreign product.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, occasionally, yes. In many other countries, much more so than the United States. There are a lot of state-owned enterprises in transportation, in power, in utilities, in a number of those fields. And in that case, those state-owned enterprises have a choice, to buy an American product or a Chinese or a Russian or a French product, particularly in the utility field. So if that is the case, we want to make sure there is a level playing field that American companies, American workers get an even shot at making that sale.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, Dave Ichert recently said when I asked him, he said it is a matter of 68 jobs. That is the number of people likely to lose their positions at Air Tractor if the Bank isn't reauthorized by June 30th because right now half their sales, more than half their sales are export sales.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, thank you, sir. Well, your first question you asked about corporate welfare. I frankly find that term confusing. Customers--people who use the Bank, foreign buyers or corporations, they pay a fee. They pay a fee just as Elizabeth Littlefield said at OPIC. People pay a fee for that service. They pay a fee for the service. We fulfill the service and we turn over to Treasury the excess. Last year, $675 million. Welfare implies taking money from one group of people and handing it to somebody else. We have actually customers, clients of the Bank, giving us money for a service. We render the service and then the excess we send to the taxpayer. So it goes the exact opposite direction.    Ninety percent of our customers are small businesses like Air Tractor that the chairman mentioned, like Darley, a company I mentioned in my oral testimony. So I am not sure I understand what that charge is. It has a nice ring to it, but it doesn't really have any meaning. In terms of taxpayer, we have reserves that are paid for. We collect a fee. We put aside low loss reserves like any responsible lending institution would do. Congress, we are a zero appropriation. We are totally self-sustaining which is required by WTO. However, Congress still appropriates about $100 million. The excess goes to the taxpayer. That low loss reserve account is there as a backstop in the rare cases we have a default. It is about $5 billion today and our default rate which we report is one of the reforms from Congress in 2012. Every 90 days we report on defaults to Congress. They are currently running at 0.167 percent, less than \1/5\ of 1 percent. But those reserves are all paid for by customers and clients of the Bank. They are not coming out of the taxpayer.    And your last question about the private sector, the private sector is who brings us in. When a company needs support to make a sale and to make sure we have the jobs in America, they will usually go to a bank or they will go to an insurance broker. The bank or insurance broker is the one that calls us in, generally, and says we can't do this transaction without a government guarantee. That is certainly the case with Air Tractor. They cannot make those sales. A lot of banks are not anxious to make loans to farmers in Brazil and Argentina and other developing countries.    Darley has made it very clear, they have said if we are going to compete with our competitors in China, Austria and Germany, we have to come to the table with government-backed financing just like our competitors do. So again, it is the private sector that has called us in in order to make sure there is a level playing field.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, it is 90 percent of the transactions and last year, 39 percent of the exports we financed were shipped directly from small businesses and then, of course, there are many other small businesses in the supply chain of larger companies.    Mr. Hochberg. We actually follow the Small Business Administration's definition, so however the SBA, and I was at that agency in the 1990s, they define what a small business is and we use their definition.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, it varies industry by industry. Basically, it is 500 employees or less or a net worth of $15 million or less. But it does have some variation depending on unique industrial classifications.    Mr. Hochberg. We follow precisely the SBA definition. We do not have any--there is no variance whatsoever between our definition and the SBA's definition.    Mr. Hochberg. The Inspector General stated most recently that there are 31 investigations, none of which have to do with employees. All have to do with outside companies that are trying to defraud the government.    Mr. Hochberg. The advisory committee was established by Congress to advise the Bank and a report is going to Congress in a few weeks on how competitive we are versus other export creditors.    Mr. Hochberg. Generally speaking, they are clients of the Bank because they are in the best position to advise us.    Mr. Hochberg. There are strict ethical rules in place that none of them influence whatsoever any----    Mr. Hochberg. Absolutely.    Mr. Hochberg. Every advisory committee member is fully vetted. We have a full ethics briefing----    Mr. Hochberg. None of them have anything to do with any transactions whatsoever.    Mr. Hochberg. I am not following your question, sir. We completely comply with U.S. accounting rules, FCRA. We have been audited by currently Deloitte Touche, previously by PricewaterhouseCoopers.    Mr. Hochberg. We follow the default rules that have been promulgated by Congress and sent to us. That is how we report to Congress every 90 days. That 0.167 percent is in full compliance with the way Congress has defined it.    Mr. Hochberg. I can't verify whether we lose military sales, but I can state that Britain, France, Italy, Germany, their export credit agencies do finance their defense sales.    Mr. Hochberg. Not a single one, sir.    Mr. Hochberg. I haven't heard that either, sir.    Mr. Hochberg. I have not seen that either.    Mr. Hochberg. By WTO in order to be an allowable government support for exports, we have to be self sustaining. We have been self sustaining since 2007. We have sent to the Treasury just under $7 billion over the last 20 years. Last year, as the congressman mentioned, it was $675 million. The year before it was more than $1 billion that was sent to the Treasury.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, we actually--we don't receive the money. We actually just send the money to the taxpayers for deficit reduction each year and CBO scores our budgets so it is actually used by the appropriators in budgeting for 2016.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, the customers actually have to state that on their application. They have to assert and certify that they are coming to us because they cannot get financing elsewhere. We verify that. I mean frankly, candidly, with small businesses, I ran a small business for 20 years. It is pretty clear small businesses don't have a lot of options. But again, they are coming to us because a bank is bringing to them or an insurance broker is bringing them because they cannot secure it independently.    And sometimes we also have to level the playing field. When we see the kind of financing that China, Russia, France, Germany, others do in different fields, when we see evidence of that, we want to make sure there is a level playing field that U.S. companies can compete and we don't lose jobs because of outsized government financing on the other side of the transaction.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, we are competing for power, transportation. We have got a company called Acrow that builds bridges in Cameroon and Ghana. There is intense Chinese competition to build that kind of infrastructure in Africa. We did a transaction of locomotives just last year. Half the order was split between the United States and China for locomotives in South Africa. We have done a power project where we also competed in West Africa, so I am not just focusing on Africa, but frequently developing countries are where we face intense competition in the infrastructure.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, to just give you an example, when I have met with the Customer TransNet in South Africa, and inquired what were the Chinese terms for the loan so I would make sure that we were competitive, I was told well, they asked me what I would like, would I like a 10-year, a 15-year, a 20-year loan? Do I need a grace period? It was somewhat of a menu pricing. That was not the case what we can provide. We adhere to international standards and it is either 12 or 14 years for locomotives and there are very fixed fees attached to that.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, on the second panel you actually have a witness, Susan Jaime, who is from San Antonio who can speak for herself about her coffee exports that--we chatted just before the hearing about 40 percent of her sales are exports.    When I talked to Air Tractor, a company mentioned previously from Texas, Dave Ichert talked about the potential of laying off 68 employees that are attributed to their export sales which we are pleased working with them. We have grown from 10 percent of sales to 50 percent of sales. And most importantly, in the oil and gas field which is laboring over a drop in prices, keeping that industry vital is important to America's national interest in terms of us having a presence globally and keeping our technology up. We do extensive work with the oil and gas companies, exploration, engineering, equipment manufacturers in the Houston area.    Mr. Hochberg. Sir, we have one accounting system in the United States Government. Congress passed an accounting system called Federal Credit Reform Act in 1990. And we fully comply with that. I ran a company for 20 years. We don't keep two sets of books. There is one set of books. Those are the books that Congress has determined. If Congress changes the accounting system, we will change our operations. But one thing is unmistakable. We transferred, we sent $675 million to the Treasury. We sent the year before over a $1 billion. Cash is cash. If the accounting system were different, some of that cash would remain at the Bank and would not transfer to the Treasury. It would build up more and more reserves that would be sitting at the Bank's balance sheet instead of the Federal Government's balance sheet.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, first of all, we have over $5 billion of reserves paid for by customers. These are not taxpayer monies. It is paid for by customers. We send the default rate report to Congress every 90 days. Our peak default before the financial crisis was 1.6 percent in 2006. So if we are looking for a real stress test, we have had the most real stress test you can devise in the last 5, 6 years, looking at the financial crisis we faced. And our default rate has sadly declined from that 1.6 level in 2006 going through the worst financial crisis we have ever incurred. So nothing is certain in life, sir, but I think we have seen one, a demonstration of good underwriting by our staff and the fact is we do report this to Members of Congress every 90 days. We just sent a report up for the March 30th period.    Mr. Hochberg. Most of our credit is through either insurance or a guaranteed loan. So in a guaranteed loan, a bank essentially pays a premium, an insurance premium, and thereby we guarantee the loan. Then the Bank makes a direct--makes a loan to its customer. So most of the loans are either insurance or guarantee. And the rare cases we make a direct loan which is an unusual case, sometimes usually government to government or certain transactions, it is 100 basis points over Treasury which is the global rules that we have to apply to.    Mr. Hochberg. We all have to charge 100 basis points over the relevant Treasury rate for that currency.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, two ways, sir. One, we voluntarily do what is called an economic impact study. We are the only credit agent in the world that does this. We look at the benefits to the U.S. economy from an export and we compare that against any potential loss to the U.S. economy. And we actually do that on every single transaction of the Bank, down to $10 million or less to make sure we are adding, we are accretive to the U.S. economy. That is number one.    Number two, Delta has sued us. Four times the courts have ruled in favor of the Export-Import Bank. And we did double the fees that we charged foreign carriers back in 2011. And we make sure that foreign carriers are paying more than any U.S. carrier pays.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, the Export-Import Bank obviously works closely with the other two panelists here, Commerce Department, and U.S. Trade Representative, State Department. Our role is very narrow and very precise. It is to provide financing when the private sector is unable, when it cannot handle that transaction. And our focus is really on U.S. jobs and making sure that we don't cede jobs to foreign competitors because they provide financing and U.S. companies don't have access to it.    Mr. Hochberg. Well, the benefit really goes to the exporter.    Mr. Hochberg. The banks pay a fee.    Mr. Hochberg. For insurance and in exchange for that fee, we ensure the loan.    Mr. Hochberg. You can say they are benefitting, but they are paying for it.    Mr. Hochberg. Right.    Mr. Hochberg. We provide insurance to the banks that make the loan, exactly.    Mr. Hochberg. Congressman, the private sector does a spectacular job. They just don't do all the job. So we finance about, as I have said about 2 percent of U.S. exports. A third of them go to developing countries. The private sector does a great job. They just don't do it in every market and every product category.