    Mr. Murray. Good morning, Chairman Rouzer, Chairman Hunter, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Members Garamendi and Costa, and the Members of both of these important Subcommittees. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on the subject of food aid, cargo preference, and the importance of the Maritime Security Program to the United States. As President and CEO of Hapag-Lloyd USA, I deal with these subjects every day in the ordinary course of business. My testimony today aims to highlight the importance of these programs to maintaining a viable U.S. merchant fleet that is so essential to the national security of our country.    Hapag-Lloyd USA is an American subsidiary of the global container carrier Hapag-Lloyd AG. We operate five container ships in a weekly liner service between the United States and North Europe. All five ships are crewed by American mariners, and fly the American flag. They carry cargo that sustains the U.S. military mission, and its service members, based in Europe and beyond, as well as other preference cargo, including American food aid that is delivered to destinations well beyond Europe. Our company has operated American ships in the foreign commerce of the United States since the early 1900s. Known then as Lykes Lines, the company supported our nation's sealift requirements for more than 90 years, including two World Wars, and numerous other humanitarian and military missions. When Congress enacted the Maritime Security Program in 1996, our company was one of the first to enroll. To this day, we have maintained continuous commitment to both MSP and the Voluntary Intermodal Sealift Agreement.    Mr. Chairman, today's hearing also allows me the opportunity to speak personally about my experience as a U.S. Merchant Mariner, where I began my career. I graduated from Maine Maritime Academy in 1979, and sailed as a deck officer in the Lykes fleet. Our company then operated more than 40 U.S.-flag ships alone, greater than \1/2\ of our nation's entire U.S.-flag fleet today. Preference cargoes were abundant then, and for our company, the most significant was the U.S. food aid that we carried to distressed nations throughout the world. To this day I remain proud to have sailed as an American Merchant Mariner, to have been part of the transportation link that delivered American produced food to desperate people in their time of need.    Throughout our nation's history, the U.S. merchant fleet of privately owned U.S.-flag commercial ships, and their U.S. citizen crews, have always met our nation's call. We have consistently, efficiently, and effectively provided the commercial sealift capacity and the civilian mariners needed to meet our nation's worldwide military and political objectives. For example, the recent conflict in Afghanistan presented unique logistical challenges for U.S. military planners due to the country's landlocked borders. With an urgent need for new assured gateways, the Department of Defense turned to the MSP carriers to develop alternative routes. By leveraging existing intermodal networks, the MSP carriers were able to develop and expand new northern gateways into Afghanistan, and thus provide the DOD with continuous seamless distribution of supplies to our war fighters when other gateways were closed. It is not well known that certain U.S.-flag carriers had long been using this route, which gained fame as the Northern Distribution Network, to deliver U.S. food aid to counties in Central Asia. This is an excellent example of the partnership and interdependency that exists between DOD and the MSP operators.    A strong Maritime Security Program is necessary to ensure the long-term success of the U.S.-flag fleet. American ships are simply more expensive to operate than their international counterparts. They are crewed by Americans, registered in the United States, and subject to U.S. laws, taxes, and regulations, all of which are greater than international flag options. The MSP stipend partially compensates for this cost difference, but the remaining cost delta must be achieved through access to our nation's cargo preference programs that reserve cargo specifically for U.S.-flag ships. There are three U.S. cargo preference laws that are vital to the U.S. maritime industry, and must be preserved, namely the Cargo Preference Act of 1904, Public Resolution 17, which governs the Export-Import Bank, and the Cargo Preference Act of 1954. Congress enacted these laws to ensure that U.S. operators have a sufficient U.S. cargo base for their ships operating in foreign commerce. Strict enforcement of these laws is fundamental to our business success, and our survival as U.S.-flag carriers. It is worth noting that the volume of cargo moving under these programs for our company is the lowest I have seen in the last 20 years, with a significant reduction just in the last 12 months.    Mr. Chairman, I would like to summarize my testimony as an MSP operator and a businessman. U.S. companies own all of the ships in the U.S.-flag privately owned fleet. As executives for these companies, we must routinely address the operational and political realities of our U.S.-flag businesses with our boards and shareholders. We frequently are asked to explain the implications of newswire political issues, such as the MAP-21 food aid reduction, the expiration of the Ex-Im Bank charter, the future of MSP funding levels, and the overall degradation of U.S.-flag cargo, all of which are the result of budget cuts and reallocation of government priorities. To be blunt, our business model has become a tough sell with our shareholders, who, coincidentally, are the same folks that approve capital investments for the future of the U.S.-flag fleet. Given the precipitous decline in preference cargoes, combined with current MSP levels, I now believe it unlikely that we could retain the 60 ship MSP fleet if a comparable MSP shortfall were to occur today, such as the one that occurred in 2013. Likewise, a failure to realistically adjust the funding levels for MSP may yield a similar result.    As a former Merchant Mariner, and a lifelong advocate of a strong U.S.-flag Merchant Marine, I know how urgent it is that we stabilize our few remaining U.S.-flag ships through the programs that exist today. The unfortunate reality of the business world is that if a service, product, or business unit does not perform, it is eliminated. Our nation's remaining U.S.-flag fleet is dangerously close to this reality.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the time and the opportunity to testify before the joint Committees.    Mr. Murray. I would agree that our commercial fleet--you have to understand, on our Maritime Security Program fleet, we engage in a whole host of activities, commercial, non-U.S.-flag cargo, et cetera. So we have an opportunity to deliver to the government a very reasonably priced asset at time of need. That ship is 100 percent at the disposal of the government, and under VISA and the MSP. But normally we don't operate with full government cargo. There is no way we could ever do that.    Mr. Murray. No, sir, Maine Maritime Academy. It is a better school.    Mr. Murray. Well, our company today also carries cadets from the United States Merchant Marine Academy. We also carry cadets----    Mr. Murray. Pardon?    Mr. Murray. Yes.    Mr. Murray. We have Mass Maritime, Maine Maritime, New York Maritime----    Mr. Murray. They are all doing well. The problem that we do have is there aren't enough ships for the cadets coming out of the academies for training purposes. And we have had, at times, as many as six cadets on a ship just to provide the billets for them to get their sea time. They cannot be licensed upon graduation without having a pre-requisite amount of sea time, and we have had to double and triple them up. Normally we carry two, but, as I say, we have carried as many as six.    Mr. Murray. Congressman, yes, we would support that. That makes a lot of sense. And I understand the comments on the DOD aspect, and that is fair. But I will say that it would enhance the mariner pool, and that is what I see as the biggest challenge that we have in our country right now. It is not just ships, it is people to run them. And Mr. Schoeneman can expound on that more, but I see that in my side of it as well, so----    Mr. Murray. Congressman, I would be glad to do that. Some countries don't have a personal income tax, or that sort of thing. The point I would like to make is that the cost differentials have been well studied. MARAD has done it, DOD has done it, independent analysts have done it. The bottom line is there is a cost differential to operate a U.S.-flag vessel versus a foreign flag vessel, and a respectable international flag vessel is still three times cheaper to operate than an American ship.    So the question we should be asking is not where the cost differentials are. How do we overcome that delta? And we have always overcome it, the MSP stipend covers maybe 30 percent of the delta. The balances have to come from cargo. Be it military, food aid, Ex-Im Bank, that cargo is reserved for U.S.-flag carriers. The other guys can't get at it, only us. And on that basis, that is how we get over the cost hump.    Mr. Murray. Mr. Chairman, if I could just jump on that, if it is okay? I agree with everything Mr. Shapiro just said, however, we are where we are today. That is not going to get fixed overnight.    Mr. Murray. That is a process, a legislative process, more debate. I think the state of our Merchant Marine today is much more urgent than that.    Mr. Murray. Congressman, it is very important, and I agree with Mr. Shapiro, and in our case, MSP is number one. I don't believe you were here earlier, when Administrator Jaenichen testified that we only have 57 ships in the MSP program today. Traditionally, as we have worked together as MSP operators, if an extra slot became available, we would kind of work our way around it with a--somebody would want it. Today, the Administrator said he is going to be publishing a notice here shortly that slots are available. Nobody is running to get them right now.