    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Commissioner, I want you and I to do something that those of us who serve in government probably ought to do with a little more regularity, which is put ourselves in the shoes of the people that we purport to work for. I want you to imagine waking up and you learn that agents of an agency that you already fear, one of the most feared agencies in all of government, with a lot of control and power, either real or perceived, over your life, some agents of that agency are targeting people based on their political ideology. And those are folks in positions of leadership.    I don't know if you have read Lois Lerner's emails or not, but there is a palpable animus, a hostility toward conservatives that comes through in her work emails. These are work emails. This is not her musing about an op-ed in the Washington Post. These are work emails demonstrating a tremendous enmity toward conservatives. And some of those groups wanted to do nothing more than just educate their fellow citizens about the Constitution.    And so I am sure you can appreciate the irony of Lois Lerner punishing people who want to educate their fellow citizens about the Constitution and then she comes and hides behind it to avoid answering questions about her conduct. That is why people are upset.    And then you add to that the President of the United States, the person who campaigned as the great uniter, that the same rules should apply to everyone, really didn't mean it after all. And he prejudges an investigation while the investigation is pending. So against this backdrop, Congress--I am sure you will agree--has not only the right but, frankly, an obligation to provide oversight over an agency where that is the prima facie evidence at bar.    We have an obligation to do it. But the efficacy of our investigations depends upon the fullness of the information we are provided and the honesty of the witnesses that come before us. We are of no use if we have incomplete information or those that we seek information from are not truthful.    So there is a piece of your testimony that has troubled me, and I want us to go through it. And this is what you said: ``Since the start of this investigation, every email has been preserved. Nothing has been lost. Nothing has been destroyed.'' So I want us to go through it. What did you mean by since the start of this investigation?    Mr. Gowdy. All right. So you and I are in agreement. You meant from the very inception of the investigation?    Mr. Gowdy. And then your next--this is under oath--I think you will agree it is material. It is important. We are not asking you about something unrelated to the investigation. It is under oath. The next thing you say is, ``Every email has been preserved.'' What did you mean by every email?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, then why didn't you say that?    Mr. Gowdy. Why didn't you say that?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, then that gets us----    Mr. Gowdy. Well, Commissioner, it is always an option to say, ``I don't know.'' Loretta Lynch has made a living answering questions with, ``I don't know.'' It is always an option to say, ``Based on what I was told.'' But you were incredibly definitive. You said every email has been preserved. And then for those of us who may not have been paying attention, you said, nothing has been lost. What did you mean by ``nothing''?    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I am out of time, but this is what I would like you to do, because this is an important matter. I was one of the folks who wanted this hearing. I think this is really important. And you should be able to provide us information, but Congress should have all of that information.    Mr. Gowdy. So what I would like for you to do for me, is you used the word ``mistake.'' That is the lowest level of scienter. There is mistake, there is reckless disregard for the truth, there is deliberate indifference, and then there is intent. I would be curious what you think the proper punishment is for each level of that scienter.    And the other thing I need you to do is, to the extent you relied upon other people's counsel or what they told you, I need to know who they were. I think you would want us to interview every single witness that has access to information that would be relevant.    Mr. Gowdy. So you cannot think of a single person that this Committee should interview that we have not already interviewed?    Mr. Gowdy. Would you do me the courtesy of making sure with your lawyer that the record is complete, because whenever the record is complete, that is when we have to make the decision. And I am giving you the opportunity under the heading of due process to make sure that every bit of information you think should be considered is, in fact, in the hands of this Committee.    Mr. Gowdy. That is what I am asking.    Mr. Gowdy. Give me a witness list. Because you can't cross-examine them until we have examined them.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.