    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Scott for today's hearing, giving us an opportunity to focus on the improvement of educational opportunities for all students in every public school.    Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that my brief opening statement be made part of this hearing.    Mr. Hinojosa. My first question is going to be directed at State Representative Rob Bryan. Concerns about the effects on academic achievement of the North Carolina private school choice programs have arisen from both the right and the left, so I am curious about data collection regarding student achievement, and what evidence demonstrating the efficacy of North Carolina's private choice programs is available.    Lastly, how is that data used by the state to ensure an equitable education is being provided to students in these programs?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you. My next question is for Mr. Robinson. Can you tell us what mechanisms are in place for monitoring the private schools in receipt of public dollars through choice programs to protect against discrimination and remedy acts of discrimination if they occur?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you. My next question is for Dr. Huerta. Dr. Huerta, based on your research, can you tell us more about how voucher and tuition tax credit programs benefit low-income families, and in your response to my question, would you also tell me if Native American Tribal schools are being impacted by this issue we are discussing here today?    Mr. Hinojosa. That is interesting.    Mr. Hinojosa. My time has expired. I thank you all for your participation here today.    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In the absence of our Ranking Member, I would like to say that it has been very informative to hear each one of our panelists talk to us about the importance of education and how it can change your life, as some of you said.    I want to close by saying that I have not been a teacher, but I have been a policymaker at the local school board, at the Texas State Board of Education, at the community college on the governing board, and here in this committee for the last 20 years.    I have learned that the investment that local, state, and the Federal Government can make in early childhood development, talking two, three, four year olds, getting to learn to read, is probably the best investment we could make, if we are to be able to move them to grade level and have them comprehend what they read, what they hear, that it will be much easier to get them to graduate from high school.    Which was the biggest problem that I faced during the early years of serving as a policymaker where we had only 60 to 65 percent of kindergartners graduating from high school in deep South Texas, from San Antonio down to Brownsville, that whole area.    We now have many of those school districts that are graduating at 85 percent, and the difference has been early childhood reading and writing that has made them successful and having gone on to college.    Thank you for your contributions, and we look forward to trying to put to use your recommendations. Thank you.