    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much. Thank you, Chairman Hurd, Ranking Member Kelly, Chairman Ratcliffe, and Ranking Member Richmond, for your leadership in calling this joint subcommittee hearing today. I particularly want to thank the distinguished panel of witnesses before us today. You all play an important role in America's vital trade and business life. And I'm grateful you took the time to come help us understand a very complicated issue.    The concept of cyber and information security is fundamental to our economy across all sectors, not only for business computers and networks, but also because the issue crosses the lanes of private, personal information, and policies that governance consideration. Cyber and information security are also issues that involve the ingenuity and initiative that makes American entrepreneurs and computer software scientists leaders in the world market.    The Wassenaar Arrangement for the export control of dual-use cybersecurity products is not only technically complex, but also involves moral and ethical considerations that must be taken into account.    The United States economy is the largest in the world and the most creative, innovative, and productive. The strength of our engineers, scientists, and industrial leaders and across all sectors of American industry is unmatched. While the American worker is recognized as the most productive worker in the world, the electronic world dominates our business, information, security processes. And we depend most heavily on effective functioning of machine and computer system controls to achieve our high level of productivity. We cannot maintain these high levels of productivity without comprehensive and massive security efforts to protect not only machines and computers, but the electronic networks that we all depend on in our daily lives, ones that sustain the highest standard of living in the world for American families.    The United States leads the world in the production of cybersecurity products and systems that not only produce the software applications that keep our economy running, but also the information security products that protect our vital personal data, business information, and communications network. The treaties, agreements, and arrangements we have with our international trading partners play a fundamental role in allowing our U.S.-made products to be exported easily and without interference. And those are often intricate and detailed provisions. I am very pleased we are holding this hearing to learn more about one of the most complex issues facing international trade today. I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses. With that, I yield back.