    Dr. Benishek. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Goldfuss, I would like a little bit more information about your agency. Maybe I just don't understand it well. Do you advise the Administration on environmental policies besides the other different, the other agencies? Do you advise the Administration, as well?    Dr. Benishek. Right, right.    Dr. Benishek. Right.    Dr. Benishek. Here is my question. This is of great concern to me, because I just don't understand how it works, to tell you the truth, because I think Americans have spent billions and billions of dollars improving our environment here, at home. But I am somewhat concerned about the fact that we are adding more and more controls for less and less improvement in our environment, while we are allowing foreigners to pollute and put out all kinds of greenhouse gases, other gases, pollutants, without any restriction from us. And we are allowing them to out-compete us.    In other words, our steel industry has gone overseas. It is cheaper to produce steel overseas in some areas that pollute like crazy. I have been to China, I have been to India, and the pollution there is unbelievably bad. But we are making stuff so expensive here that it is--people are going overseas and actually making more pollution overseas.    Now, do you take any of this kind of economic reality into account when you advise the President, that some of the laws that we are actually--by making it easier for foreigners to compete against us at home, are actually polluting the world worse than if we did the production here? I mean I am very concerned about this.    Dr. Benishek. I am not talking about unemployment. I am talking about----    Dr. Benishek. I can tell you that----    Dr. Benishek . The steel industry in this country is going down the tubes because of foreign competition. A lot of it is based on the price of energy to produce steel, which is a lot cheaper in China, which has no pollution controls on any of the stuff they do. And we, here, are trying to produce steel in an environment that protects our environment, and they don't have any of that over there.    So, do you take that into account when you advise the President----    Dr. Benishek. You are denying the fact that our friends overseas have an economic advantage over us because we are investing----    Dr. Benishek . In our infrastructure to save the environment, and they are not? You deny that there is any advantage to that?    Dr. Benishek. So we don't care what the people across the globe are doing?    Dr. Benishek. I mean I am asking if you are advising the President about what people around the globe are doing, and they are not protecting the environment. We are working to protect our environment. We are arguing about it all the time, how the best to do it, and there are people overseas that are not doing a thing to protect the environment----    Dr. Benishek . And they are out-competing us because of that, in my opinion, to a certain degree. So, do you advise the President about that? Or what to do about it?    Dr. Benishek. You do not advise the President about that issue, then. Is that what you are saying?    Dr. Benishek. The issue I am asking----    Dr. Benishek . Is the issue that I mentioned, the fact that foreigners are not investing enough in their environmental stuff as we are. Do you advise him on that issue, in particular?    Dr. Benishek. All right. Well, I guess that is a no.    Dr. Benishek. I will yield back.