    Mr. PERREN. Good morning, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, and members of the Committee. I appreciate the opportunity to come before you today to discuss the changing face of American manufacturing and the need to assure that we have a well-trained workforce. I have so much I would like to say, but in respect of the 5-minute rule, I am going to give you the Reader's Digest version.    I think it is a given that the face of manufacturing has changed greatly in the last few decades. In fact, manufacturing has probably changed as much from the technological revolution as it did from the industrial revolution back in the early 1800s. Although the face of manufacturing is changing, the perception of manufacturing has not changed. Too often people think of manufacturing jobs as being physically repetitive work carried out in dirty environments with little or no ability to use critical thinking to improve job performance. Nothing could be further from the truth.    Many, if not most, of our country's manufacturers utilize highly technical equipment, practice lean manufacturing and quality philosophies that require the workplace to be clean, safe, and highly organized, and encourage critical thinking. Yes, manufacturing has changed. It is important to note that educational programs are also changing in order to meet the needs to today's manufacturers.    Another lingering perception is that in order to be successful in this country, one must have a 4-year degree in a white collar job. While there will always be a demand for individuals with 4-year college degrees, the truth is that most of today's high-tech jobs can be filled by individuals with 2-year degrees or shorter certificates awarded by our nation's technical colleges. These technical colleges are our nation's pipeline to assure manufacturers have the workforce needed to thrive in the United States. Most technical colleges are regionally accredited, connected to business and industry, and allow students to prepare for good-paying jobs and without accumulating large amounts of debt. And that is a real win-win.    As has already been said here today, according to the National Association of Manufacturers, over 98 percent of our nation's 250,000 manufacturers are considered small businesses. Three-fourths of all manufacturers employ fewer than 20 people.    Manufacturers are in almost every community across the nation. The average manufacturing worker in this country earns over $52,000 per year, and that is nearly $80,000 per year when benefits are factored in. The overwhelming majority of these workers participate in health insurance programs through their employer.    Over the next decade, nearly 3.5 million manufacturing jobs will be needed. Although manufacturers provide excellent pay and benefits, 2 million of these nearly 3.5 million jobs are likely to go unfilled due to the skills gap. We have good jobs, and today's young people represent the brightest generation this country has ever raised. So what is the disconnect?    I believe that it goes back to the perception I have already mentioned, that our longstanding belief that one must have a 4-year degree in a white collar job to achieve the American Dream. More discussions, such as the ones that we are having here today are necessary to change this perception. We need events to encourage this discussion, such as the Manufacturers Forum held by the Greater Hall Chamber of Commerce in Gainesville, Georgia, which bring together community leaders, high school administrators and counselors, business leaders, parents and students. We need creative outside-the-box solutions, such as the partnership between Lanier Tech, the Georgia Governor's Office of Student Achievement, the Hall County and Gainesville City schools, and Goodwill of North Georgia, which provide an alternate pathway to high school completion. This program has provided outstanding results and has allows a group of young people to go from being potential high school dropouts to skilled welders working for manufacturers such as Kubota.    We need community involvement, as typified by the Mahalo spirit found at King's Hawaiian. This manufacture is so tied in with the community that people everywhere see the quality of life enjoyed by its employers.    While I believe that local efforts are essential, I also believe that the Congress has a unique opportunity to support technical colleges and workforce development as you reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Act. I also ask that you consider funding year-round Pell. Just as manufacturers and other employers never stop operations for more than a week or two, technical colleges operate on a year-round calendar. Manufacturers and businesses are looking for a steady stream of graduates, not just in May.    Most importantly, I think it is the spirit that has been expressed here already, I think that Congress should look at taking lead in creating a sputnik moment for technical and career education. Just as the nation got behind the effort to become the world's leader in space exploration in the 1950s and '60s, this nation needs to get behind the effort to secure our role as the world's leading manufacturer.    I would like to ask Congress to consider providing funds to improve our nation's education infrastructure. Many of our technical colleges were built in the 1960s, and although these colleges work to keep equipment up-to-date, some equipment is in service much too long due to lack of resources. Just as our nation's highways and bridges form critical transportation infrastructure, education infrastructure provides the pathway from today into the future.    Finally, every time I come to this place I am in awe. I am awe of the great history of this place. I am in awe of the leadership that this nation has been blessed with. I am in awe of the work that you do every day. I ask that you be in awe of us. Be in awe of the amazing work that happens in our nation's technical colleges. Be in awe of the life-changing work we do in preparing young people and adults to enter the workforce with skillsets that are in high demand. Being that all the changes that we are affecting are generational in nature, grandchildren who are not even born today will have a better quality of life thanks to the work that is being done by our technical colleges with their grandparents today.    In conclusion, I appreciate the time you have afforded me and this panel to discuss the new faces of American manufacturing. I ask for your help and for the help of the entire business and manufacturing community in ensuring our nation's technical colleges provide the trained workforce we need in order for our economy to prosper for generations to come. Thank you.    Mr. PERREN. A couple things come to mind. First of all, reintroducing career technical education programs at a stronger level at the high schools. Even though they are strong in many of our communities, affording high school students to begin welding, even in middle school learn how to do basic welding. Our technical college, we are limited only by our physical space in terms of the number of welders that we can turn out. Every welding booth we have is full, and we have the same issue in our community. Kubota is expanding their manufacturing facility near Gainesville. They will be hiring 600 additional welders in the next 3 years. Where are they coming from? And again, we are at capacity now. And again, helping our K through 12 system also continue to reenergize their vocational programs is important.    Mr. PERREN. All of our programs meet with industry advisory boards two times a year. These industry advisory boards are made up of employers, manufacturers. They provide us with guidance as to what they expect in the workplace. We do revise our curriculum based on what our employers are telling us. We also introduce green equipment and other equipment that is used in the workplace based on what our employers tell us from those biannual meetings.    Mr. PERREN. It goes back to some comments I made that the perception of success in this country tends to be tied to a 4-year degree, and the trades do not tend to be in that career path or that education path.    Yes, there is a perception that everyone wants their son and daughter to graduate from a 4-year institution, and there is nothing wrong with that. Most everyone in this room did that. Absolutely nothing wrong with that, but not at the expense of keeping others from going into areas where they are passionate. There are so many kids that if they had the ability to use their hands, if they even knew what they could do with their hands, if they were exposed to career explorations where they know what the careers are that are available to them, they could follow their passions and go into the trades and view these things as not something you do if you cannot go to college, but something you do because you are following your heart. You are following your dreams and you are doing what you are wired to do.    Mr. PERREN. We also encourage nontraditional learners. Whether it is women going into welding, air conditioning, and also, men going into nursing or whatever. We encourage nontraditional learners to try to bridge that gender gap. We actively encourage that.    If I may address the gentleman from Mississippi's statement, returning military veterans, when they bring their MOSs to us, we evaluate that, and we actually give them course credit based on the service work that they did in the military, so they can actually earn significant course credit when they return from service towards a degree at colleges all across this nation. We are trying to recognize the tremendous skills that they have learned while they were in the military.