    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to our witnesses for sharing your expertise and your diverse perspectives with us today. I believe that all of us assembled here, both those of us on the Committee and our assembled panel of witnesses, recognize that technology often evolves much faster than the law. This, in part, is a testament to the rapid pace of American innovation. But it also presents a gap that must be addressed. And the Email Privacy Act represents an important step forward to closing this gap and preserving privacy protections for Americans. And it's no surprise to me that it's broadly supported by the American people.    I want to begin with you, Mr. Ceresney. In your written testimony, you state if the bill becomes law without modification, the SEC and other civil law enforcement agencies would be denied the ability to obtain critical evidence from ISPs. This phrasing suggests to me that you are engaged in some activity today that would be blocked by this legislation.    And so, my first question is, does the SEC currently use subpoenas to obtain the content of communications from Internet service providers?    Mr. Cicilline. And why not?    Mr. Cicilline. But you do not currently use it?    Mr. Cicilline. Your written testimony also acknowledges that the SEC ``often conducts investigations in parallel with criminal authorities.'' If the FBI needs a warrant to obtain my email, but the SEC can obtain my email with something less than probable cause, what prevents the SEC from helping the government to avoid a warrant requirement by sharing my email contents with the FBI?    Mr. Cicilline. Let me just, so if the standard is probable cause, then your objection is not with the standard, but who makes the determination of probable cause? Because a probable cause finding with a judicial determination is a warrant.    Mr. Cicilline. Mr. Calabrese, did you want to try that?    Mr. Cicilline. And with respect to that, current law provides that the government must show probable cause to obtain the content in an email that has been stored by a provider for 180 days, but can use a lesser process for an email that has been stored for 181 days. Is there consensus that this 180-day rule is inconsistent with how we use emails today? Should it be eliminated? And in addition to that, Mr. Calabrese, in your written testimony you give a good list of the digital content we all store online, emails, text messages, photographs, music, passwords, calendars, and other forms of social networking.    Do these forms of media merit protection under the Fourth Amendment? And is current law adequate to protect any privacy interests in this information?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you. I yield back.