    Mr. Goodlatte. Good morning. The Judiciary Committee will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to this morning's hearing on the unconstitutionality of President Obama's executive actions on immigration. I will begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    Last November, President Obama announced one of the biggest constitutional power grabs ever by a President. He declared unilaterally that, by his own estimation, almost 5 million unlawful aliens would be free from the legal consequences of their lawless actions. Not only that, by granting them deferred action, he would bestow upon them benefits such as legal presence, work authorization, and access to the Social Security Trust Fund and the Earned Income Tax Credit.    President Obama took these actions despite having stated over 20 times in the past that he didn't have the constitutional power to take such steps on his own. As the Washington Post's own ``Fact Checker'' concluded, ``Apparently, he's changed his mind.''    The Constitution is clear: It is Congress' duty to write our Nation's laws. Yet, President Obama admitted that, ``I just took an action to change the law.''    The Constitution is also clear that once laws are enacted, it is the President's responsibility to enforce them. The Constitution requires the President to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. Yet, the very integrity of our immigration laws is now in question.    Twenty-six States believe that President Obama's actions would cause them irreparable harm. They challenged his grant of deferred action in Federal district court in Texas. The court agreed with the States and has granted a temporary injunction halting, for the moment, the Administration's plans.    The court stated that the Administration is ``not just rewriting the laws. It is creating them from scratch.''    President Obama has justified his actions under the guise of prosecutorial discretion. Law enforcement agencies do have the inherent power to exercise prosecutorial discretion, the authority as to whether to enforce, or not enforce, the law against particular individuals.    However, telling entire classes of millions of unlawful aliens that they face no possibility of being removed is not prosecutorial discretion. It is simply an abdication of the executive branch's responsibility to enforce the laws.    The President relies on a memo prepared by his Justice Department's Office of Legal Counsel to attempt to justify his actions as constitutional. But that very memo finds that ``immigration officials' discretion in enforcing the laws is not unlimited. Limits on enforcement discretion are both implicit in, and fundamental to, the Constitution's allocation of governmental powers between the two political branches.''    The memo admits that the executive cannot, under the guise of exercising enforcement discretion, attempt to effectively rewrite the laws to match its policy preferences. And the memo quotes the Supreme Court's Heckler v. Chaney decision in stating that the executive branch cannot ``'consciously and expressly adopt a general policy' that is so extreme as to amount to an abdication of its statutory responsibilities.'' The memo, in fact, is an indictment of President Obama's actions.    The Federal court in Texas agrees. It found that the grant of deferred action ``does not simply constitute inadequate enforcement. The Government here is doing nothing to enforce the removal laws against a class of millions of individuals. The grant of deferred action does not represent mere inadequacy. It is complete abdication.''    And the court points out that President Obama's actions go beyond even utter nonenforcement. He is, in fact, granting affirmative benefits to these aliens, as I described earlier.    In absolutely no way can President Obama's actions be considered a justifiable use of the Administration's powers of prosecutorial discretion. They are a clear violation of his constitutional responsibility to faithfully execute the laws.    The President also mistakenly claims that his actions are nothing new. It is true that previous Presidents of both parties have provided immigration relief to groups of aliens. However, most often, the actions were based on emergencies in foreign countries, thereby relying upon the broad constitutional power given to a President to conduct foreign affairs.    For example, Chinese students were protected from deportation after the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989.    What about President George H.W. Bush's Family Fairness policy, which the White House cites to justify its power grab? This grant of voluntary departure was, in fact, authorized by the Immigration and Naturalization Act as it existed at the time.    Without any crisis in a foreign country to justify his actions, and in granting deferred action without any statutory authorization, President Obama has clearly exceeded his constitutional authority. No Administration has so abused and misused the power of prosecutorial discretion as has the Obama administration.    By assuming legislative power, the Obama administration is driving full speed ahead to a constitutional crisis, tilting the scales of our three-branch government in his favor and threatening to unravel our system of checks and balances. This Administration has entered the realm of rewriting the laws when it can't convince Congress to change them.    The House of Representatives has taken decisive action this year to protect the Constitution. We have passed a Department of Homeland Security appropriations bill that would defund a series of unconstitutional actions of the Obama administration, including this grant of deferred action.    Tragically, the House-passed bill is being filibustered in the Senate even as appropriated funds for the department are set to run out at the end of the week.    By not even allowing the bill to be debated, those Senators who have chosen the path of filibuster and obstruction are threatening DHS's access to funds designed to keep Americans safe. They are also denying the American people a fair debate on this vital issue of whether Congress needs to take action to protect all our constitutional liberties. We can only hope that they will relent in time.    I look forward to today's hearing and the testimony of our witnesses.    It is now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member of the Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    It is now my pleasure to recognize the Chairman of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman for the very cogent remarks.    It is now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for her opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. The gentlewoman is advised that she is now 2 1/2 minutes over. We all exceeded by a minute or so.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentlewoman.    We welcome our distinguished panel today. If you would all rise, I will begin by swearing in the witnesses.    Do you and each of you solemnly swear that the testimony you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you very much. Let the record reflect that all the witnesses responded in the affirmative.    Adam Paul Laxalt currently serves as Nevada's 33rd Attorney General and is the youngest attorney general in the country. Prior to becoming attorney general, he was in private practice in Las Vegas. Attorney General Laxalt served in Iraq at Forward Operating Base Camp Victory, where his team was in charge of more than 20,000 detainees. He has also served as a Special Assistant U.S. Attorney, as an assistant professor of law in the Leadership, Ethics and the Law Department at the U.S. Naval Academy, and as a Special Adviser to the Undersecretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. Attorney General Laxalt graduated magna cum laude from Georgetown University and also graduated from Georgetown University Law Center.    Professor Josh Blackman is an assistant professor at the South Texas of College of Law, specializing in constitutional law and the United States Supreme Court, and is the author of ``Unprecedented: The Constitutional Challenge to Obamacare'' and over a dozen other articles about constitutional law. Professor Blackman clerked for the Honorable Danny J. Boggs of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit and for the Honorable Kim R. Gibson of the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania, and is also the founder and president of the Harland Institute, which provides a stylized law school experience for high school classrooms, and the founder of the Internet's premier Supreme Court fantasy league. Professor Blackman graduated magna cum laude from George Mason University Law School and magna cum laude from Penn State with a B.S. in information sciences and technology.    Professor Elizabeth Price Foley is a founding member and professor at Florida International University College of Law, where she teaches constitutional law. Prior to joining FIU, Professor Foley was a professor of law at Michigan State University College of Law, and served as a law clerk to the Honorable Carolyn King of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Professor Foley is the author of multiple books on constitutional issues, including ``Liberty for All: Reclaiming Individual Privacy in a New Era of Public Morality,'' and presently serves on the editorial board of the Cato Supreme Court Review. Professor Foley graduated summa cum laude from the University of Tennessee College of Law and holds a B.A. in history from Emory University and an LL.M. from Harvard Law School.    Professor Stephen H. Legomsky is the John S. Lehmann University Professor at Washington University School of Law, focusing on U.S. comparative and international immigration, and is the founding director of the law school's Whitney R. Harris World Law Institute, a center for instruction and research in international and comparative law. He recently returned from a 2-year leave of absence, serving as chief counsel of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. He is the coauthor of ``Immigration and Refugee Law and Policy,'' which has been a required text at 176 law schools since its inception. Professor Legomsky graduated first in his class at the University of San Diego School of Law and clerked for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.    Your written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety, and I ask that you each summarize your testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time limit, there is a timing light on your table. When the light switches from green to yellow, you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. And when the light turns red, that is it. Your time is up. Please stop.    Attorney General Laxalt, welcome. You may begin.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, General Laxalt.    Professor Blackman, welcome. I understand your parents are with us today.    Mr. Goodlatte. Excellent.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Professor Blackman.    Professor Foley, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Professor Foley, you have exceeded your time limit considerably as well. Could you please summarize?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Professor.    Professor Legomsky, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Pull it a little closer to you.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Professor.    I will start the round of questioning, and I will recognize myself. I will start with a question for you, Professor Legomsky.    You state in your testimony that the ``Administration's recent executive actions do not even approach an abdication of its statutory responsibilities.''    What, in your view, would the Administration have to do to abdicate its statutory responsibilities? Would granting deferred action to all 11 million unlawful aliens be enough?    Mr. Goodlatte. So would, say, 9 million, would that exceed it?    Mr. Goodlatte. Let us remember the President, when you talk about deportations, the President counts people for deportation the previous Administrations did not count because they simply turned them back at the border rather than taking them through a process and deporting them. So about two-thirds of the people who are ``deported'' under the President's 2 million figure that you cited were not counted in previous Administrations, because they weren't put through that process.    But, be that as it may, you are saying that if the President blows through all the money in a way that uses it all up, whatever that number is, that is the number of people he can give not only deferred action to but also employment authorization and Social Security benefits and Earned Income Tax Credit and legal presence in the United States?    Mr. Goodlatte. And as long as he does that, if that meets the number, if he spends it all on 100,000 people, which is the number of actual deportations that occurred last year, 102,000, then he can give deferred action to the other 10.9 million people who are unlawfully present in the United States. That is your answer?    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, let me just ask our other panelists, Attorney General Laxalt, would you like to respond to that assertion, that the President has this massive discretion?    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me follow up on that. You and 25 other States attorneys general, including some Governors, I think, in some States have brought an action in the District Court in Texas. Do you agree with what Judge Hanen said in his opinion in that case, that the Department of Homeland Security ``cannot enact a program whereby it not only ignores the dictates of Congress, but actively acts to thwart them. The DHS Secretary is not just rewriting the laws; he is creating them from scratch''    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me afford that opportunity for Professor Blackman and Professor Foley to respond to that as well.    Mr. Goodlatte. Professor Foley?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte . The time of the gentleman has expired.    The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, they will be made a part of the record.