    Mr. Babbitt. Well, thank you. And Chairman LoBiondo, Chairman Shuster, Mr. Larsen, and Mr. DeFazio, members of the Aviation Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before the subcommittee today to discuss the issues that are related to air traffic controller hiring, staffing, and training.    I come before this body today actually wearing a number of hats that I have collected over the years, almost five decades in aviation. Those hats are current airline executive, a former Administrator of the FAA, a former president of an airline union, and a former commercial airline pilot. And because of my former lives, if you would, in aviation, I think I offer a unique perspective on a number of these issues.    But first and foremost, I am here today as a senior executive from Southwest Airlines. Southwest is, as you may know, the Nation's largest domestic carrier, in terms of carrying passengers in the country: roughly 150 million passengers, customers, annually, with a combination of low fares, no annoying fees, and friendly customer service that is developed by outstanding people and a safe and reliable operation.    We operate at Southwest a fleet of over 700 Boeing 737 aircraft operating nearly 4,000 flights a day to over 87 U.S. destinations and 11 international destinations. And every single one of those flights is in controlled airspace. So, to say the least, we are dependent upon and highly appreciative of a robust, highly skilled air traffic controller workforce.    In my prior roles as the FAA Administrator and as a commercial airline pilot, I was proud to interact daily with the professional men and women of the U.S. air traffic controller workforce. Their dedication to aviation safety, operational efficiency, and professional integrity is truly remarkable. And it leads to the fact that we all must have confidence in this ATC system. And during my 50 years of flying, I never have lost that confidence, and it is in large measure due to the skill and professionalism of the Nation's air traffic controllers.    Now, with that said, my confidence in the overall ATC system today is a little bit shaky. I have no concern--let me underscore, no concern--from a safety perspective. The safety of the ATC system is never in doubt. But I do question the reliability of the overall ATC system from an operational and customer service perspective.    The U.S. aviation system is both labor and capital intensive. And like other modes of transportation and other sectors in the aviation industry, prolonged underfunding of staffing needs and system improvements will eventually take its toll, as it has with the DC Metro and the TSA's security apparatus, as two examples.    All of this produces concern about whether the current ATC system can be sustained in its present form. Eventually, without major structural changes and greater funding and staffing certainty, serious inconvenience to aircraft operators and ultimately to our customers and your constituents will result.    Specifically, in delivering to the beneficial NextGen technologies more quickly, and in order to avoid the crisis confronting TSA and DC Metro, the Federal Government needs to do more to address the supply of certified controllers, as well as providing the required training to fully utilize the NextGen capabilities that are available today. Principally, performance-based navigation and other capabilities that are expected to be rolled out in the near future. For example, data communications in the en route environment.    Aviation traffic is forecast to grow steadily. And certainly, having our certified controller staffing levels continue to decline with no relief in sight is not going to be helpful. This seems to be particularly problematic at critical ATC facilities which require the most experienced controllers to manage the complex operations skillfully and efficiently. And as the Nation's largest domestic airline, it concerns us and it challenges our promise to our customers that we will provide friendly, reliable, and on-time service.    Due to our concerns with the future capabilities of the ATC system and the current pace of progress with regard to the NextGen program, Southwest has joined most of the airline community and several aviation unions, including NATCA, to support significant structural, financing, procurement reforms, all contained within the House version of the FAA Reauthorization Act.    The U.S. ATC system is a 24/7 operation. And, as Paul noted earlier, it contributes $1.5 trillion to the Nation's gross domestic product, and generates more than 12 million jobs. But we believe that such an important economic engine will struggle to meet future demand under the current system challenged by the fits and starts of the annual appropriations process and the threat of sequestration or Government shutdowns. So we applaud the committee in looking for these important issues to be resolved, and at least recognizing that the status quo is not acceptable.    So, hopefully, a bipartisan solution to these issues can be achieved sooner, rather than later.    So, on behalf of Southwest Airlines, I thank you for this opportunity to testify, and I will be happy to answer any questions later. Thank you.    Mr. Babbitt. Thank you.    Mr. Babbitt. So I am going to default to the fail/pass voting method, and give them a passing grade. But as a good teacher, mentor might try to do, I say that with caveats. I think it is unfair sometimes to, in this situation, ask someone to perform without the adequate tools they need for the performance of what we have asked them to do.    And again, the funding, the changing of any number of external circumstances for them, being forced to furlough, all of that is detracted from their grade, but not their fault. And so I guess I will default to the point of stabilizing the funding, having a clear path, and having the ability to put your hand up occasionally and say, ``Look, we need more money to do this. This is a critical piece, and we can't do it with the funding and the budgets you have set for us.'' And I think all of those would help them improve that grade and, you know, get into a good college.    Mr. Babbitt. Sorry?    Mr. Babbitt. I believe that was the 1992 commission.    Mr. Babbitt. I will plead a fair amount of distance between 1992 and----    Mr. Babbitt. All the----    Mr. Babbitt. Well, we certainly have our suspicions. We rely somewhat on anecdotal data or information, I guess----    Mr. Babbitt. We do have our suspicions. We don't have clear insight into a lot of the granular pieces when an air traffic control facility begins to increase spacing, things like that, ground stops; we don't necessarily know what the issue is within that station.    We do know of a couple, though. A good example is the Chicago Center, which has a metering station that has been somewhat short-staffed. The problem for us is they have adjacent sector vectoring, so that aircraft coming out of Chicago Center going into the Minneapolis Center must follow a protocol. Well, if there is not staffing in either of those centers, it doesn't happen. And it is not happening.    And what that leads to for us is increased vectoring, increased fuel burn, longer en route times. It is a delay. I mean we pay the financial penalty. We burn 2 billion gallons of fuel a year, and it is expensive. And so, any time we can reduce that and use the enhanced procedures, we welcome it. And those are the kinds of restrictions.    Midway Tower itself has the same issue. They sometimes cannot staff a ground metering system that they use for lack of personnel in the tower. So it leads to us having increased tarmac times; you just sit longer on the ramp, burning fuel, delaying passengers. Not anything we look forward to.    Mr. Babbitt. Well, once we got past ``no''----    Mr. Babbitt. No, I would----    Mr. Babbitt. Well, I appreciate the question. I think we were faced with a very similar situation in 2009. We had a mass of retirements, clearly had to ramp up and address the problem with increased training and a broader network, more focus on the CTI programs and so forth.    I think today that one of the things when I look back in defense of the FAA would be, you know, stable funding. Do we know what we are going to do? Do we know precisely what our needs are? You can work the problem backwards; it is not high math.    Mr. Babbitt. No.    Mr. Babbitt. From commercial airline operation, it is a pretty serious issue for us, as well. You have seen what a 2\1/2\-pound goose can do to an airplane and an engine; you can imagine what a 50-pound drone will do to an aircraft engine.    I think the bigger issue is the technology that we are going to have to refine, it is one thing to track and be aware of the unmanned aerial vehicle, but having it be controlled and responsive in the airspace is going to be key to ensuring that you can provide separation. It is one thing to watch it, but if we have no control over it, then that becomes the difference between being unmanned and uncontrolled.