    Mr. Orringer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman Clarke, and members of the distinguished subcommittee. Thank you for the invitation to address you today.    I am honored to discuss a critically important topic, how additive manufacturing is revolutionizing the delivery of health care. In 1983----    Mr. Orringer. It is.    Mr. Orringer. How is this? OK.    In 1983, my company's founder, Chuck Hull, invented 3D printing. He was applying a process called stereolithography to physically replicate an eyecup that was designed and digitally drawn on a computer. His patent was granted in 1986, and the business took off from there. More than 30 years later, the industry is in full throttle.    For its own part, 3D Systems is the world leader in additive manufacturing and the only major U.S.-based 3D printing company. From the offset, we have catalyzed continuous innovation in health care. So I guess I would amend Dr. Mobbs' comments and say the future is now.    In the early 1990s, we revolutionized the manufacturing of hearing aids, rapidly customizing the form and fit to an individual's ear with unparalleled precision, helping build wireless devices with comfortable biocompatible materials. And today, 99.5 percent of all hearing aids are 3D printed worldwide.    A decade later, we helped two graduate students from Stanford University discover a better way to straighten teeth. With our technology, they manufactured what became Invisalign, which are clear orthodontic aligners, as has been discussed. Today, Align is a world leader in mass customization, accuracy, and comfort, producing over 20 million individual aligners in the last 12 months alone.    So 3D printing continues to advance significant breakthroughs in the field of precision medicine. Now, that is a movement that has been championed by the FDA that tailors medical treatments intensively to individual characteristics of each patient. So as part of this movement, together with genomics, regenerative medicine, computational biology, and medical imaging, 3D printing is once again revolutionizing the practice of saving and improving lives.    Now, today I would like to concentrate on three areas: virtual surgical planning, fabrication of advanced implants and devices, and new modeling processes. Virtual surgical planning is what I would start with first.    VSP empowers surgeons with unparalleled precision in the most complex procedures. It significantly reduces the time in the surgical theater and saves lives. Our experts interact directly with doctors, receiving data from CT scans, and then design and build surgical guides that are placed on a patient to support a particular procedure.    Mr. Orringer. We are showing a video right now in the hearing room to highlight the case of Blessing Makwera. He sustained a land mine injury to his upper and lower jaws, tongue, lip, and teeth. Blessing's spirit and courage are truly inspirational, and today he can smile.    Now, 3D Systems worked with Joel Berger, an oral and maxillofacial surgeon at Sharp Memorial Hospital in San Diego, California, to rebuild Blessing's face and give him new teeth. The fibula free flap operation involves taking bone, tissue, and vessels from the fibula and reconfiguring them to form an upper and lower jaw connected to blood vessels in the neck. We used CT scans to extract 3D anatomical information needed to visualize the surgery in 3D and map out the surgical plan.    Blessing required a number of 3D tools, including a mandible and maxilla cutting tools of the lower and upper jaw to guide the surgeon's saw blades in the operating room. It is an inspirational story among tens of thousands over the last several years.    Models and simulation. Aside from the surgical guides, Blessing's surgeons also used 3D printing models for reference during the operation. These models show surgeons what is hidden beneath layers of soft tissue, and it gave surgeons hands-on experience with Blessing's jaw and anatomy long before the surgery.    Finally, I want to talk not about customized tools but about how 3D printing is transforming wholesale production of medical devices and implants. I brought a titanium component of a hip transplant, which we 3D printed. Rather than go through the onerous process of building a cast mold, shaping and cooling, and then coating a single part, metal 3D printing allows us to consolidate the supply chain, saving time and resources. It also allows us to add functions to the part with designs that maximize bone cohesion, structures that simply cannot be built via any other manufacturing process.    So doctors and device manufacturers can send us data to engineer 3D models, and then we use direct metal printing to build dozens of these titanium cups in a single build process. We have been working with U.S. and European regulators to ensure appropriate quality assurance in the process for an array of implants and devices.    In all these areas, we have a strong and constructive partner in the Federal Government. As we work to receive appropriate qualification for these products, it is essential we maintain an appropriate balance between promoting innovation and ensuring the safe delivery of care to patients.    As 3D printing improves the economics and the production of critical healthcare tools, I am hopeful we might someday see these efficiencies actually translate to lower costs for the patient. Integrating these novel processes and tools will require a greater understanding not only by the regulators, but the health insurance industry as well.    Now, in due time, perhaps it will be commonplace for these tools to be integrated into conventional building processes. It is time for 3D printing to be appreciated as an important instrument for mainstream quality care, and I look forward to discussing this and other issues with the committee today. Thank you.    Mr. Orringer. So I am a little bit at a disadvantage because if I say anything wrong my lawyers are going to come down on me pretty hard.    Mr. Orringer. I am not worried about you.    Mr. Orringer. Let's just say you are absolutely right. So as I said, this technology has been around for 30 years. We have invented many of the technologies that we have been discussing here today, and we have been acquiring a lot of these companies along the way as well.    In spite of it being 30 years old, it has become a little bit of the Wild West. And there are constantly new innovations, there are patents that seem to be very similar to patents that were filed previously, and we have to be vigilant. And, fortunately, we do have a very good, close relationship with the U.S. Patent and Trade Office. We do work very closely with regulators.    There are always going to be issues, particularly when you compare our system with a system overseas, and that is where we are really challenged, and we do appreciate the assistance that the Government is providing us as we navigate these waters right now.    Mr. Orringer. I am not going to touch that.    I will say to that point, I very much appreciate that, and I will say that what has actually been quite exciting coming here, I spent most of my career in the Federal Government and only have transitioned to the private sector 2 years ago. And I will tell you, coming to this company and seeing what we are doing in terms of U.S. jobs is phenomenal.    We just acquired two European companies, a French company and a Belgian company. These are companies that have been honing the craft of metal additive manufacturing. And we are now seeing an insourcing, thanks to my company, not only in terms of protection, but R&D. We are actually moving these jobs over here.    And it is actually thanks in part to projects that we are doing with America Makes. I am actually funding an aerospace and defense project. We have started to build up a laboratory in Penn State. And it is thanks to the good work of Ed and his colleagues, as well as other folks that we are teamed with, that is seeing this technology not sit still but continue to innovate, and we will certainly stay engaged with you as we navigate these waters.    Mr. Orringer. Yes. Actually, I just returned from your district. I was just there last week.    Mr. Orringer. I talked to a couple of folks about Northwestern's interest in metal. And I will tell you, the Chicago area is booming in this area, very competitive area for this technology, and it is very important that we continue to innovate there and incubate that technology.    On the bio side, I will tell you, there is a lot of fact and fiction and aspiration. To answer your question, I think you summed it up quite well. There is sort of the short term, there is a lot that can be done in scaffolding, and it is being done currently, and I would say we are about 1 to 2 years away from seeing this matured sufficiently where it is going to become as commonplace as some of the other methodologies I discussed.    On the other side, our folks in our medical modeling department indicated that we are still a few years away from actually seeing a viable process for some of the other bioprintable inks. But the research is being done. Actually we do a feasible path forward. We are watching a lot happen in this marketplace. There are a lot of exciting new companies that are coming online in this space, and we would encourage that technology continue to flourish.    The Government itself has a role to play. We have been talking to NIH about this particular issue to see if there are ways we can work with them in terms of spurring innovation in this area.    Mr. Orringer. Well, as I highlighted in my opening statement, 3D printing has long been providing strong value to patients, not only in the hearing aid, where we are making 99.5 percent of hearing aids through 3D printing, or Invisalign, but in the medical modeling and in the implant process as well.    It is literally saving lives. We were talking about this early before the hearing. We charge patients about $100 a minute in the operating theater.    So if you can reduce that time by rehearsal, by using CT scans, 3D printing, the model, and then practicing that surgery over and over again, and then also 3D printing surgical guides, which are essentially stencils that you place on a patient, reducing the amount of improvisation to zero, then you are literally going to be saving lives, enhancing precision, and saving money.    And so I can tell you that we have done tens of thousands of these procedures, and we are seeing a lot of breakthroughs.    In terms of the scaffolding, there is a lot of investment in this arena right now. There is a lot of promise. And the Government is well involved as well, not only from the NIH, but in the Department of Defense, the United States Navy, Walter Reed National Medical Center. There is a lot of work being done here, and I think we are not too far away from some active clinical trials.    Mr. Orringer. Well, sure. As we were talking about education, I was just reminded, when I started working for this company, I came home with a little 3D printer and a 3D scanner. And I have a 5-year-old at home who is more advanced technologically than I am. My wife is a surgeon, so she came home from a long day performing surgery, fell asleep watching TV. My daughter scanned her head, produced a model not too different from that, and she is 5 years old. And I was blown away, because I still hadn't figured out how to turn the darn thing on.    And if you can see what happens when we bring these things into schools, it is not about 3D printing. 3D printing is a means to an end, and that is what we need to understand.    What I think about, I think about this in terms of digital literacy, and this is really critically important, particularly in underserved areas. We need to make sure people have a full sense of what it means to be part of the digital economy.    So rather than focusing on getting expensive 3D printers into small businesses, what we really should be doing is making sure they have access to the digital tools, different kinds of CAD, computer-aided design technologies, training in this kind of technology.    We can find ways to give them access to machines, whether it is through great companies like UPS. We have similar programs. We have a company called Quickparts that does on-demand printing. You send us the CAD, we will print out the parts.    It is not about getting the 3D printer necessarily to those entrepreneurs. We actually are able to reduce the logistical footprint for folks. And now we are digitizing things. You don't even need to have that.    So I think the task is important. I don't think it is as difficult as it could be, and there are institutions like America Makes and others that are doing some, but we need to do more. We have talked a little bit about our outreach to the veterans community. We have done a lot with Walter Reed and the Veterans Affairs Administration. But again, there needs to be more in this space, and we would love to talk to the committee and figure out ways to catalyze more of this.    Mr. Orringer. Yes, sir. Thank you so much for this question.    I have to say, and it is not just because I am a former Federal bureaucrat, we have been actually pretty pleased with the engagement that the Food and Drug Administration and others have shown. They actually held a workshop in October 2014 on their Silver Spring campus. They invited companies not only from the United States, but from all over the world, to have this dialogue, and it was an all-day affair.    The FDA said they were in receiving mode. They wanted to hear what the concerns were from us about regulation, what the concerns were for us in terms of barriers for innovation, are we any different from any other technology when it comes to regulation. And I think in the end, the conclusion was no, we are one tool in a toolbox. You have digital tools, you have means for designing things, which is the CAD package, and you have different ways for actually executing.    So I think one of the challenges we need to stay on top of is folks' attempts to redefine this technology as something that is extraordinarily different. We are not making Star Trek replicators here. These are very important tools, they have their uses. They also have their limits.    One of the things I sort of alluded to in my statement, though, was concern about the inability for the pay codes to keep pace with innovation. So right now we are innovating doing unique surgical processes, we are saving a lot of money for the health system overall. But the truth is there are no insurance pay codes that can tell the patient this is how much it really costs.    So what is actually happening is we are saving money, but the insurance companies, whether it is Medicaid, Medicare, or private insurance, don't have a means to code what that procedure is. And so there is actually a bit of a margin here. And we would love to engage the folks at CMS, Medicare, Medicaid, or others to ensure that we are actually able to make a fair process and bring that up to standard.    Because right now, as you know, sometimes Government regulation is a little slow, sometimes standards can be a letter slow to implement. We really need to get this right, because we are not really realizing all the potential for this.    Mr. Orringer. Well, I can take a shot at this just because we had a little bit of an excess inventory of desktop 3D printers about a year and a half ago. And we didn't rehearse this, by the way. And I had this great idea: Why don't we donate these printers to libraries across the country? With one hitch. I didn't want to donate a couple hundred printers to libraries and have them just sit on a shelf and collect dust. That is a really big problem I see.    So we actually held a competition, we partnered with America Makes, because they know how to do competitions, and had an overwhelming response from all across the country.    We need to do more like this. It is going to pay back dividends. We are struggling certainly still in terms of workforce development, in terms of making sure people have access to this technology. And I strongly believe that if we can start bringing these kinds of tools to young people as soon as possible, that is going to pay dividends in the long run.    So we are strongly committed. I know other folks on this panel are as well. And we will be happy to keep you informed on our progress.    Mr. Orringer. So I guess I want to, at the risk of contradicting myself, I want to make sure we distinguish a little bit. Ed did this a little bit already. But there is a distinction between what we see in maker spaces and what we see on a factory floor, and particularly when we get into some of the very hardline manufacturing industries such as aerospace and defense and others. And I really think it is important that we embrace both cultures and drive innovation in both areas.    So there is a great company that I work with in Indiana called 3rd Dimension. They have a beautiful shop of many metal 3D printers. They have a whole host of aerospace and defense customers.    They are tied to Purdue. They are not too far away from Purdue, actually. And they are a small business, but they are embracing a whole host of fellowships and internships, getting folks excited, not just about the usual maker kind of space where you maybe play around with tchotchkes and toys, but these massive million-dollar hunks of hardware, to actually see what actually happens on a shop floor and how we are revolutionizing manufacturing, which is a totally different concept.    It is really important that you see both sides of the spectrum. Maybe you could see the maker spaces as a gateway. But if you don't bring in the other part of the equation, then you are missing it.    Because additive manufacturing is a serious business. We are a global company, we are the largest, we are in 50 locations all over the world. People haven't really heard of us. And there is probably a reason for that. The reason is until recently GE wouldn't want to brag that they used additive manufacturing, because they didn't want their competition to know how they made the secret sauce.    And that still takes place. Our first additive manufacturing machine, the serial number is SLA-3. I saw it a couple years ago in General Motors. It was installed there in 1989. This is not a new industry, it is just new to people who are suddenly--so I think the maker space concept is great, because it suddenly captured people's imaginations. Bus is also important when you think about public-private partnerships, encouraging manufacturing, that you also bring people into the fold and understand this is also revolutionizing manufacturing now.    Mr. Orringer. Yes. So this is the part we were talking about here, and you can see it is pretty porous. We use a process called--well, we call it direct metal printing. It is powder bed laser fusion, which is kind of a mouthful.    The reason why it is so important--and I actually had to check with my wife who is a surgeon to actually understand fully what we are talking about here. So typically when you make a part like this, it is going to be casted, and you can ultimately cast a pretty solid and dense part. That is going to cause, when you are talking about titanium, stress on a bone.    What we are able to do with 3D printing is we are able to actually design a part that is optimized to both reduce stress on the bone and also be porous enough to get bone to actually grow and actually regenerate, and this can only be done through this process. Typically, what they have done in the past is they will cast this component and they will have a coating on top that is porous. It is relatively superficial. If you can get a densely made part that is also porous, as contradictory as that sounds, you can actually help regenerate bone and help with the growth and not lead to bone stress and----    Mr. Orringer. Exactly. Exactly. And we are actually seeing this area explode. This is part of the factory of the future.    Mr. Orringer. We are actually certified to build Class I, II, and III devices in our facility in Colorado, which is where our medical modeling facility is placed. And our folks there tell me it is a difficult process, it is difficult to be certified to be able to manufacture these kinds of components. You probably want that, though, to ensure that we maintain the appropriate levels of quality, safety, et cetera.    Mr. Orringer. That is right.    Mr. Orringer. Yes. I appreciate that. We will certainly keep you posted. I think it has already been discussed.    A really huge barrier to entry is just that certification process. Five to 10 years just to introduce a new material, new process into the system. If we can figure out a way to accelerate that process, not only on the aerospace and defense side, but in all of our industries. And I think the FDA, as well as the Department of Defense, have a lot to contribute to this area, and we would definitely appreciate your help in making that dialogue happen.