    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank all you witnesses. It is so important, and I have a very--my district has a lot of manufacturing and a lot of agriculture, and I would say in Mississippi, my part of the district, even though it is rural, most of the manufacturing that is coming there right now, it is coming because of workforce. We have a very skilled workforce that is getting better every day. We also have water and rail and energy and all those things that are important, as well as a workforce. We have a community college system in Mississippi that is still pretty good, and I think it is one of the best in the nation. It is one of those things that I think we should thump our chest about.    It is often funny. We have people who come to manufacturing jobs in Mississippi and they come kicking and screaming, telling their folks, I cannot believe I have to go to Mississippi. Do you know what the problem with that is? They never want to go back. They want to stay because of the people and the things that are so great there.    Veterans are also very good in my heart. I have served a long time. I know you have veterans that work for you, but we talk about certificates of skill or journeyman's license or professional trade associations. What are we doing to recognize those skills that these soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines--because we have heavy equipment operators, welders, carpenters, mechanics, all of these things--are there anything in the civilian side or Small Business Administration that recognizes or certifies these guys coming off active duty or reserve component who have on-the-job training that is not necessarily recognized in the civilian side? Does anybody know, and specifically, Mr. Tillman?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Chairman, that is one of the things. There are so many skillsets. First of all, people who come out of the military generally are very humble and do not inflate their resumes with the things that they are capable of doing, unlike a lot of kids who come straight out of college. They are trying to turn certain leadership positions into doing these great things, and these kids in the Army are coming out, and Navy and Air Force, and they are coming out with great leadership skills that do not show up on their resumes.    So, one, we need to teach these guys how to write about their skills. Two, I think we really need to look at a civilian equivalency skillsets to go with all MOSs and all the military services, because you have airplane mechanics and helicopter mechanics. Even in our signal and intelligence scores, these guys are dealing with cutting-edge technology that you guys have not seen yet. Fortunately, I have been exposed to that, but these kids are way ahead in technology but it is a hard job to transition that from the military to the civilian skillset. So I really hope you guys will think about ways that we can highlight these skills and make sure. I apologize, I only have 8 seconds left, but I yield back. Please think about ways we can take care of our service members and use their skills to maintain our role as the greatest manufacturer in the world. I yield back.