    Mr. Strickley. Yes, sir. We do use the same FAR procedures in Afghanistan as we use in the United States or elsewhere in the world. The difference is when we contract with these small Afghan firms, we're trying to build construction capacity in the country.    Mr. Strickley. We're trying to help them learn how to do responsible construction management. And if we hold much money from them, they will financially fail. They just do not have the resources in their company to--for us to withhold much.    Mr. Strickley. So where we can, we do, but it's project-dependent.    Mr. Strickley. I can give you an example, sir, of an AIF project ----    Mr. Strickley. Yes, thank you. I can give you an example of a project that we started to do in Helmand Province with AIF funding at the Dahla Dam that would have been about $150 million, $175 million project. And as we got further into the design, we eventually canceled the project because we did not think we would be able to execute it in a responsible fashion.    It's an existing dam. We were going to increase its capacity, and we were concerned because of a security situation in that region that we--once we started construction, we might--or our contractor might be forced off the site, and that would have been a catastrophic situation.    Mr. Strickley. Yes, sir. I think we do, especially on those large AIF infrastructure projects. We routinely did analysis of the ability to execute the project. So most of them we're doing now are electrical transmission lines, and we think we are able to complete those in a reasonable time and a reasonable manner. And so we proceeded on ----    Mr. Strickley. Yes, ma'am. I appreciate that question. So the Corps of Engineers has done an extensive lessons-learned study of our experiences in Iraq and now in Afghanistan, and we have just published a special study of the Corps of Engineers' experiences in both Iraq and Afghanistan, and the Army Center for Lessons Learned is adopting this, and it will be incorporated into Army engineer training in the future and it will become a part of--it is a part of how we organize ourselves and manage our work in Afghanistan now, and we will apply it to other contingency operations in the future.    One of the things that Ms. Abizaid said that we--that is a huge lesson for us is that we were probably overly optimistic at the beginning in Afghanistan with how rapidly we could build things. And lots of things from the security situation to the border problems with Pakistan conspired against us. So we had good intentions when we awarded contracts, you know, 6, 7 years ago, and then the contractors, through no fault of their own and no lack of effort on their own, they just could not achieve the schedules that we set out for. So that was a huge lesson learned for us is ----    Mr. Strickley. I couldn't begin to estimate that. I don't know. In many cases what happened was the contractor was just unable to perform, so the buildings were not delivered when we wanted them to be delivered. So in some cases you see that facilities were completed and then never used. Well, that's part of the--what caused that. The Corps of Engineers simply was not able to do the--complete the construction in the time that we wanted to. Thank you.    Mr. Strickley. Yes, sir. So for the construction projects, they're--when we arrived there in 2002, there was almost no construction industry in Afghanistan in the sense that we would think about construction contracting, and there was very little engineering--construction engineering capability.    Mr. Strickley. I suspect the Corps of Engineers has a picture of every project we've built, yes.    Ms. Abizaid.--in engineering.    Mr. Strickley. Yes. Yes, sir. We use the exact same Federal Acquisition Regulations to do contracting in Afghanistan that we would use in the United States. So they are paid--the contractors are paid based on placement. Every month, every 2 months they send us an invoice, we confirm they've done the work, and if they have, then we pay them ----    Mr. Strickley.--for the work performed.    Mr. Carter.--complete project, it is just that portion of the project that you are paying for?    Mr. Strickley. Yes. Yes, sir. We pay them progress. As they make progress, we pay them, same as we would here ----    Mr. Strickley. Yes, sir, absolutely. And so when a contractor falls behind schedule, the FAR, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, allows us to withhold up to 10 percent of the value of the project until they either catch up their schedule or they finish.    But, as I said earlier, many of these firms that we're contracting with in Afghanistan are very small businesses. We're trying to build an industry there. If we withhold much of a payment from them, they will simply fail as a business. They do not--they don't have the capital to carry the projects, and when they fall behind, they won't pay their subcontractors, and then we have security problems on the jobsite if the subcontractors ----    Mr. Strickley. The firms in Afghanistan that we do business with have gotten better and better over the years. We've literally had hundreds of Afghan construction firms perform satisfactorily on our projects. We've completed about 1,200 projects for DOD in Afghanistan, and we've literally done business with hundreds of small Afghan firms. So we've created a credible construction capacity there, and they are performing quite well.    Security obviously is not within the control of the construction contractors, so as workers are driven off the site or if we can't get material to the site, there's little we can do about that.    Mr. Strickley. Sir, we employ--right now, we have 30--I think we have 39 projects still under construction in Afghanistan. We employ about 200 Afghan engineers who are capable of visiting all of those project sites and do on a regular basis.