    Mr. LoBiondo. Good morning. The subcommittee will come to order. I would like to thank everyone for being here. I ask unanimous consent that Members not on the subcommittee be permitted to sit with the subcommittee at today's hearing, offer testimony, and ask questions.    Mr. LoBiondo. Without objection, so ordered.    Today we look forward to hearing from various stakeholders on the very important topic to our country: aviation safety in the era of unmanned aircraft systems.    Unmanned aircraft systems, or UAS, represent the latest frontier in aviation technology. While still a new industry, UAS are already contributing to our economy and changing how companies do business. Across the country, we already see UAS used for a myriad of operations, from surveying, photography, safety inspections, medical delivery, and search and rescue. With each new use, businesses and commercial users can save time, money, and even, in some cases, lives.    But like any other new technology, UAS bring new challenges as well. In the past year, pilots have been reporting sightings of UAS near airports at an accelerating rate. In 2014, the FAA received 238 reports of drone sightings. In 2015, the number has already exceeded 600. Safety is paramount in aviation and the increased number of suspected sightings raises serious questions and concerns.    Some of these reports involved airliners and occurred at low altitudes near the Nation's busiest airports. Other reports involve pilots of general aviation aircraft in less busy airspace. The real possibility of a midair collision must be taken seriously in order to prevent tragic consequences.    To be clear, it is also my understanding that some of these reported sightings may involve something other than a consumer unwisely operating their new gadget in busy controlled airspace or restricted airspace. In at least some cases, the reported UAS may have been a Government-operated aircraft, lawfully operated UAS, or simply a bird in flight. To that end, we need to understand what precisely is going on in our airspace: what is the actual risk and how do we manage and mitigate it? With retailers readying for significant UAS purchases by American consumers this upcoming holiday season, this conversation and subsequent action cannot wait. There are real consequences if we are not cautious enough, though we must not go to the extreme which could unnecessarily restrict the UAS industry's growth and innovation here in the United States because of the so-called false positives.    The key is balance, and I believe that this committee, as well as the FAA and stakeholders, continue to strive for just that, balance. The answer to these questions will be complex, though I am confident that our country can and will address them. I look forward to hearing from our witnesses and thank them for joining us today.    Before I recognize Mr. Larsen for his comments, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and include extraneous material for the record of this hearing.    Mr. LoBiondo. Without objection, so ordered.    I would now like to yield to Mr. Larsen for his opening remarks.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Rick. I would like to really thank Rick Larsen for the close working relationship, and also Bill Shuster and Peter DeFazio, on this very important issue that we spend a lot of time with.    Chairman Shuster is not here yet. Mr. DeFazio, some opening remarks?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. DeFazio. I want to thank our witnesses for being here today. They are Michael Whitaker, Deputy Administrator for the Federal Aviation Administration; James Hubbard, Deputy Chief of State and Private Forestry for the United States Forest Service; Captain Tim Canoll, president of the Air Line Pilots Association, International; Richard Hanson, director of government and regulatory affairs for the Academy of Model Aeronautics; Dr. Mykel Kochenderfer--am I correct there, Doctor? Thank you. Assistant professor of aeronautics and astronautics at Stanford University.    Deputy Administrator Whitaker, you are now recognized for your statement.    Mr. LoBiondo. Excuse me, could you pull your mic a little closer?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Whitaker.    Mr. Hubbard, you are now recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. OK, thank you, Mr. Hubbard.    Captain Canoll, your statement, please.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Captain.    Mr. Hanson, you are recognized.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Hanson.    Dr. Kochenderfer?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Doctor.    Mr. Whitaker, in addressing illegal UAS flights, do you feel there are any additional authorities that the FAA believes Congress can or should provide to curtail or penalize wrongful operation of UAS?    Mr. LoBiondo. And also for you, Mr. Whitaker, according to new reports, Government agencies and private companies have acquired and deployed drone detection systems that utilize some combination of radio frequency, thermal detection, video, and audio technology that can immediately locate the UAS and its operator.    Is the FAA considering similar detection technologies as part of the agency's efforts to mitigate the risk of a midair collision between a UAS and manned aircraft?    Mr. LoBiondo. So you will assess the two testing programs to determine how you proceed from there?    Mr. LoBiondo. So the pilot programs that you announce today, can you give us any timelines on these, of when they will be operational at those locations?    Mr. LoBiondo. OK. Mr. Larsen?    Mr. LoBiondo. You could have drones monitor the crab pots.    Mr. LoBiondo. That is next. Thank you, Mr. Larsen.    Mr. Young?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you.    Mr. DeFazio?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Peter.    Mr. Mica?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mrs. Kirkpatrick?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Farenthold?    Mr. LoBiondo. Ms. Brownley?    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you. Mr. Hanna?    Mr. LoBiondo. The gentleman from California, Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Rokita?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Capuano?    Mr. LoBiondo. Mr. Meadows?