    Mr. Gurule. Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Cohen, and other distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, I would like to thank you for holding this important hearing on the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, and inviting me to testify on the value of this legislation in combating the threat of global terrorism.    As we approach the 15 year anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks that tragically took the lives of approximately 3,000 innocent civilians, it is imperative that the U.S. Government continue to strengthen the effectiveness of its counterterrorism efforts, including depriving terrorists of funding, as well as deterring and punishing their financial sponsors, including foreign states.    The enactment of JASTA is critical to achieving that objective. I would like to just briefly comment on three points--the first is the important goals advanced by JASTA; second, the fact that JASTA is narrowly drafted, narrowly tailored; and third, debunking the reciprocity arguments that are clearly, in my opinion, overstated. First, on the goals of JASTA--civil tort actions that seek large monetary damages provide an invaluable supplement to the criminal justice process and administrative blocking orders.    These civil tort actions--claims, excuse me--advance five important goals--first, private lawsuits brought by victims of terrorism can have a deterrent effect against foreign governments that support acts of terrorism. While the threat of large civil monetary judgment may have little or no deterrent effect against the terrorists themselves, the same may not be true for foreign governments that lend financial support and direction to foreign terrorist organizations.    These foreign states are likely to have substantial assets in the United State that may be attached to enforce civil terrorism judgments. We have seen that recently with the Islamic Republic of Iran, that recently has been sued by the victims of the 1983 terror attacks in Beirut, and their assets in the United States, approximately $1.7 billion in assets in the United States, have been attached to enforce the terrorism judgement against Iran.    No one can tell me that that type of action, seizing those types of assets against a foreign state, is not going to have any deterrent effect against that foreign state with respect to its future activities, with respect to supporting acts of terrorism.    Second, civil actions targeting the assets of foreign states that support terrorism can reduce the ability of international terrorists to carry out their deadly attacks. Money is the life blood of terrorists. While terrorists seldom kill for money, they always need money to kill. Depriving terrorists of funding, especially from foreign state sponsors of terrorism, is critical to preventing terrorist attacks and saving innocent lives.    Third, foreign states that sponsor terrorism, including through government charities, should be held accountable for their action. That is a very fundamental principal and proposition.    Fourth, victims of international terrorism should be compensated for their unimaginable loss, pain and suffering. And the foreign states responsible for these physical and emotional injuries should be held responsible for that compensation.    And finally, the JASTA strengthens the statutory framework of the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act and the Antiterrorism Act, and confirms the importance of civil litigation as an important tool in combating terrorism. With respect to JASTA itself, it is a very narrowly-tailored statute, and applies extremely limited and extraordinary circumstances, and does not permit U.S. nationals to routinely sue foreign states, as some critics of the legislation have maintained.    First, it has a geographic limitation; it only applies to acts of terrorism that occur in the United States. As a subject matter limitation, it only applies to acts of international terrorism, not other acts of violence; and international terrorism is a well-defined term in the Federal U.S. Statute 18     Fourth, the term international terrorism excludes any act of war, so that would not be covered in this legislation; it would not justify the cause of action for such actions. It is limited to actions that are aided and abetted by foreign terrorist organizations--that is another limitation. There is approximate cause limitation on the statutes, so these would be acts of international terrorism that were caused by the foreign state that aided and abetted the terrorist organization.    Further, the statute provides that it does not extend to negligent acts--negligence by the foreign state--but only intentional or knowing conduct involving the state.    And with respect to aiding and abetting, the statute provides that the foreign state must have provided substantial assistance to the foreign terrorist organization.    With respect to the last point, on the overstatement regarding the reciprocity concerns, let me just simply say countries with the greatest potential for such lawsuits against the United States have authoritarian regimes that do not permit their citizens to bring civil suits against foreign governments for acts of international terrorism. In those countries, such actions are the exclusive purgative of the authoritarian government.    For example, the private civil terrorism lawsuit filed against Iran for its complicity in the 1983 terrorist attack in Beirut, Lebanon, killing over 200 American servicemen, did not result in retaliatory lawsuits be filed against the United States by private citizens in Iran.    Furthermore, the civil terrorism case did not undermine the U.S. Government's efforts to finalize the joint comprehensive plan of action with the Islamic Republic of Iran. The civil terrorism lawsuit was pending when the United States and its allies were negotiating and finalizing the terms of the multilateral agreement with Iran to limit the country's ability to develop nuclear weapons.    So it had no effect--the fact is the pending terrorism suit had no effect on that. So I think that the statement regarding retaliation is largely overstated.    And finally, in conclusion, the JASTA eliminates sovereign immunity for foreign states that intentionally, knowingly, aid and abet terrorist organizations in carrying out deadly attacks on U.S. soil; in my opinion that is good U.S. policy, and as a result, the JASTA should be enacted into law by Congress. Thank you.    Mr. Gurule. No, I do not. I do not believe that it would violate international law, and the reason that I say that is that foreign sovereign immunity is not absolute, and we know that. An exception, again, has been highlighted in the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act for torts committed within the United States.    Further, 1605A creates another exception, and foreign states have also recognized exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity for torts committed in their territory. So again, I do not believe that sovereign immunity is an absolute principal without exception. And other states besides the United States have recognized exceptions to foreign sovereign immunity.    Mr. Gurule. Yeah, I disagree. I do not see the distinction. I think that, again, when a foreign state aids and abets a terrorist attack, whether it is against a single individual in the case of an assassination of Letelier, or a terrorist attack on a much larger scale, the foreign state should be held accountable for its criminal conduct. Second, the victims of the attack should be afforded a remedy, a judicial remedy. They should be afforded their opportunity to litigate the cause of action in court. And so I find that distinction----    Mr. Gurule. I think, again, it is overstated, and I go back to the case involving the Islamic Republic of Iran. I mean it is been sued in the United States for acts of international terrorism that resulted in a large terrorist attack in Beirut, killing over 200 American servicemen. That litigation has been ongoing for over 10 years. It was brought to conclusion by U.S. Supreme Court----    Mr. Gurule. There has not been a flood of litigation.    Mr. Gurule. As far as I know, I think it is still pending. You know there were criminal charges that were filed against the Americans, and efforts are being made to in Italy bring them to justice.    But again, I would go back to the point--if there is a hostile foreign government, a hostile foreign government does not need any pretext, does not need any excuse, to bring criminal charges against the United States or it is citizens. And this legislation is not going to change that one way or the other.    Mr. Gurule. Again, I think this is highly speculative. And anything is possible, but just because something is possible does not make it true, that it is going to happen. And the possibility that someone may seek to sue is real with respect to the 9/11 attacks, again is so highly unlikely, so speculative, that it does not undermine all of the good, all of the value, and the positive purposes, value that would be brought by enacting this legislation.