    Mr. Connelly. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. And I can only imagine with others what the change of title might have been, so maybe we are lucky with the title we had.    Employee engagement plays an important role in agencies' mission success. The more employees are engaged, the more invested in the operation and productive they become.    As the subcommittee charged with oversight of government operations, it seems to me we should be encouraging such engagement to ensure that the Federal workforce is motivated to deliver quality services for our constituents just as we do in the private sector.    Today's hearing brings together a range of agencies, those with the highest and lowest scores, as well as those most improved, as you indicated, Mr. Chairman. 2015 rankings show signs of improvement with 70 percent of agencies improving their satisfaction and commitment scores. That is a welcome turnaround from the 43 percent comparable figure in 2014 and the mere 24 percent in 2013.    However, obviously, there is always room for improvement. I am encouraged by the 2015 government-wide result showing a 1.2 point increase from 2014. This is the first increase following 4 straight years of decline since 2010.    It is about time we see some positive signs, and I am hopeful maybe the tide is turning. Not only did employee satisfaction improve, but so did scores in all 10 workplace categories such as effective leadership, employee skills, and agency mission matches, pay, teamwork, training, development, and work-life balance.    We all congratulate NASA, which again ranks number one among large agencies for the 4th year in a row. Its successful record of fostering employee engagement is credited to matching employee skills with agency mission, fostering teamwork and innovation, and satisfaction with pay. And I am going to be particularly interested, Max, in your analysis of that and yours as well. But how much of that is the mission that just elevates, whistling when I go to work every day? Because other agencies can't compete with that if that is the dispositive factor. But it is worthy of some examination.    The Department of Labor is once again the most-improved large agency. This can be attributed in part to new workplace flexibility and telework initiatives. As the co-author of the telework legislation back in '09, '10, I am delighted to hear that. Expanding the use of telework has been such an important part of trying to improve actually workplace productivity and morale. So congratulations on taking advantage of the Telework Enhancement Act, which requires all agencies to incorporate telework into their Continuity of Operations plan.    The Department of HUD is the most-improved midsize agency, and I am pleased to see Secretary Castro utilizing innovative online communication tools and town hall meetings to solicit employee feedback.    Unfortunately, the Department of Homeland Security continues to struggle with employee morale and satisfaction, but I want to make clear that the purpose of this hearing is not to browbeat. We want to better understand and see what we can do to try to help.    We must remember that DHS was created under the most intense pressures following 9/11 and combined all or part of 22 Federal agencies under one roof with the incredibly difficult mission of protecting the American people from a variety of threats. As the newest Cabinet level agency, DHS continues to experience growing pains and in some cases the lack of logical glue for why something fits within DHS, or at least arguably so. So obviously we want to learn a lot more today about the recently created Employee Engagement Steering Committee and how it might help.    It is our hope that we use today's hearing to better understand the challenges you all face and to identify best practices that could be helpful to improve employee engagement. I thank the partnership for its work. These rankings in the Office of Personnel Management's Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, upon which they are based, are very powerful tools and again often used in the private sector as well.    Mr. Chairman, employee engagement is not an issue about which only agencies need to be concerned. Congress also has a vested interest in the satisfaction of Federal employees as we are their employer. And I want to commend you for your efforts to visit Federal agencies to hear employee concerns firsthand. I, of course, do that going home every night. But really, you have done a great job in making that part of your mission so that you are getting firsthand evidence and information, and sometimes that changes our perspective and our opinion. And Chairman Meadows deserves great credit for doing that.    I am also heartened by the progress made. We must not forget the tremendous difficulty that Federal employees have faced over the last few years. Sequestration cuts imposed by Congress caused nearly 1 million Federal employees, 1 million to be furloughed for some time, and the uncertainty and anxiety that created.    A budget standoff led by some in this body forced a 16-day government shutdown in 2013, the first in 17 years. Federal employee pay was frozen 3 consecutive years, retirement benefits were reduced for new employees, and training budgets were slashed. In all, Federal employees were hit with more than $180 billion in compensation cuts, the only group of Americans targeted by Congress to contribute to deficit reduction explicitly. So it should come as little surprise that Federal employees during that time period were feeling unappreciated and often demoralized. As Congress prepares for the annual appropriation process to fund the government, let's learn from the painful experience of recent history.    I would like to remind everyone that next week is Public Service Recognition Week. I feel that Congress should give Federal employees credit and recognition for the incredible work they do day in and day out serving the American people, our constituents.    So as we approach Public Service Recognition Week, let's commit to engaging in fairly compensating our dedicated public employees to ensure that the Federal Government continues to provide the critical programs and services upon which the American people depend.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the testimony.