    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and thank you for being here, Ms. McCarthy.    A lot of questions. First of all, in my subcommittee I was not privy to any information from EPA, and that I hold a little bit concerning. Please keep that in mind.    How many of the companies that you know of that are mines--wherever, whether it is gold, silver, or coal, are foreign-owned? Do we have any record of that?    Mrs. Napolitano. Do you have any way of being able to tell this committee? Because if some of those companies are foreign-owned, they are making money, they are not being--how would I say--made responsible for anything that they leave behind. They leave it up to the U.S. taxpayer to pick up any kind of remediation, and I think that needs to be part of the answer that we need to look at.    In the rest of the United States--and I am very, very concerned about what happened in Las Animas--but what about the rest of the Nation that has these hundreds, maybe thousands of mines? How many of those are close to blowouts? Are there assessments?    Mrs. Napolitano. Why?    Mrs. Napolitano. Can you break it down so that we have an idea of what the problem really is with some of these mines that may affect the health and welfare of our communities?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK, but I would like to see if you can answer some of this for the whole committee.    I am glad Mr. Bishop is worried about Fish and Wildlife and the Endangered Species. That is something that is near and dear to the heart of a lot of us. But with that, your budgeting, how much budget do you require to be able to do a job, to maybe look at avoiding what happened at Las Animas?    Mrs. Napolitano. How much is that fund?    Mrs. Napolitano. Does it have to be on the Superfund? Does it have to be designated a Superfund site?    Mrs. Napolitano. And you are currently working on how many mines to be able to address the issues?    Mrs. Napolitano. Would you, please? Because that would kind of answer some of the questions I have.    And then, how many other agencies are involved, or should be involved, besides Fish and Wildlife and the National Institute of Health--for being able to determine the status of the health concerns? CDC? What about BIA, Bureau of Indian Affairs? What role do they play in being able to notify Native American tribes? Are they immediate, do you work with them, or do you get them involved immediately and task them with doing the outreach?    How many other areas do we have that are really concerning, in terms of contamination that are cancerous? Lead, arsenic, uranium, and the gold mines, the copper mines, what are the hard minerals that are there that are going to affect the health of our Nation?    Mrs. Napolitano. I am running out of time, but I want to be sure that my colleague in Pennsylvania--if there is a continuous release, is that one of the areas that EPA may be looking at to be able to help address the issue?    Mrs. Napolitano. He is shaking his head no behind you, so they do not know.    Mrs. Napolitano. But is it only at the request of a state, or do we have the ability to have you look at a lot of these mines?    Mrs. Napolitano. So, what do we need to do to address that in the long term?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.