    Mr. Webster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and members of subcommittee. The Internet has revolutionized the world around us, transforming the way we use and share data to communicate, to collaborate, and consume entertainment and information. Yet, the next wave of technology isn't about moving data from one place to another, it is about connecting physical objects to the Internet on an unprecedented scale.    Now, increasingly, the things connected are the shirts on our backs, the glasses on our foreheads, the watches on our wrists, and the jewelry around our necks, and collectively, these emerging devices are referred to as wearables.    To be sure, some wearables are mere novelties. However, many others, like the Fitbit or Apple watch, are improving our health and wellness by tracking our daily activities, and the most advanced wearables have the power to save lives and improve patient outcomes. For example, there is an FDA-approved heart rate monitor that provides precise information from cardiac patients to their physicians between visits to the doctor's office.    Another device looks like a typical smartwatch, but in reality, it helps epileptic patients manage their stress and alert family members and physicians when a convulsive seizure happens.    And a third, a prototype in development, is a glucose-monitoring contact lens that allows diabetics to monitor their blood sugar continuously, and the possibilities are endless here. I mean, virtual reality goggles that provide for immersive education, connected football helmets to alert the team physical to a possible concussion, GPS-enabled slippers to make sure an elderly relative is getting out of bed and doesn't wander off, and accessories that make mobile payments faster and easier.    Now, the one feature that unites these devices is their wireless connectivity to the Internet. Each contains a tiny radio transmitter that sends data to a receiving device, such as a WiFi router or a smartphone, and then the data is transmitted over an IP network to a server or data storage facility.    Now, once online, software allows you to visualize and analyze the data to help improve decisionmaking, whether it is information about your daily run, your average number of steps per day that gauge your fitness progress, or simply storing videos so you can decide whether to post it at a later date.    Now, at Cisco, we have been monitoring the growth of wearables for 3 years, and it is fair to say that these devices are poised to take off. Here is the forecast from our most recent Cisco mobile visual and networking index report. By 2020, we forecast approximately 600 million wearable devices globally, up from 97 million in 2015.    Now, fewer than 15 percent of these devices are expected to be directly capable of transmitting on a cellular network. Most, instead, will use WiFi or Bluetooth to connect to the Internet. Now, the data generated by wearables represents a tiny trickle in the larger stream of mobile data, mostly because only a few of these devices are being used to transmit video.    Traffic from wearables is forecast to account for only 1 percent of total mobile data traffic by 2020, even as the amount of data generated by each device is expected to grow.    Now, North America has a 40 percent share of global connections today, and it is because we are early adopters, but that falls to 30 percent by 2020 as Europe and Asia catch up with us. By 2020, there are forecasts to be over 180 million wearable devices in use in North America, compared to about 40 million today, representing a 4 \1/2\-fold increase in just 5 years.    Now, given this growth, it is important for policymakers to understand the issues affecting wearables. We need to ensure that radio spectrum is available with the right set of rules to make sure these devices can connect to the network, to encourage policy that support investment in the service provider networks that are needed to transport data to the Internet.    We need policies that encourage startups and small companies by ensuring access to venture capital to tax policies that support research and development, as well as encouraging more young people to enter careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, also known as STEM. And we need to ensure that device manufacturers and applications developers understand privacy and security threats and take the steps to protect their devices and the personal information of consumers.    Here is the bottom line: Wearables represent a measurable component of the mobile landscape, and they are projected to continue to grow. They hold incredible promise to improve our lives. Public policies that encourage the development of this category should be supported so that the United States can continue to be a leader in this next chapter of the Internet.    Thank you for your attention, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Webster. Yes, ma'am. Our forecast indicates about 15 percent of all wearables will directly be connected to the Internet that would be using a license spectrum. The vast majority or 85 percent of them will be connected via unlicensed spectrum to the respective Internet-connected device.    Now, it is important to know that wearables is just one small part of an even larger Internet of Things----    Mr. Webster . Initiative, and so when you take that all en masse, then absolutely, the importance of continuing to increase the amount of license and unlicensed spectrum will be key to help really make this industry segment that is so beneficial to so many continue to prosper.    Mr. Webster. Well, Congressman, I believe that it is one part of the broader ecosystem. The sensors can be in a number of different places and across all different industry verticals and aspects of our lives. Oftentimes, they will pair it with a smartphone or another Internet-connected device, and then that data then will go back to a cloud area or data center where analytics can be done. So while, oftentimes, the focus on these types of discussion is on the sensor itself, the reality is it is the full ecosystem and how they are all interrelated.    And that is why we believe, at Cisco, it is very important that there is security by design and privacy by design in each and every one of those parts so that you are able to look at it in aggregate as opposed to just looking down on one aspect of the broader ecosystem.    Mr. Webster. Congressman, wearables can solve a number of different problems. We discussed a little bit about the medical benefits that could be coming about and how it pertains to workers in hospitals. There is a great example about assembly line workers that were going through, and because they have wearables that are giving them step-by-step instructions when they are doing their quality checks, there is measurably less defects, and a much greater quality of the products that are served, and especially as you start going into more complex maintenance areas, especially safe for remote workers. They are going to be able to go and create a much higher quality of step-by-step instructions,    Mr. Webster. Congressman, the benefits of wearables that I have seen, in general, really it comes down to a competitive issue. It is allowing people to be more productive, businesses to gain more productivity. It is going to help empower those that are using this is a way that can't be matched in other ways.    So it is very much a competitive issue, and I think it is very important that policymakers take the steps to really help propel this industry forward with the appropriate safeguards that we can maintain appropriate competitive positioning.    Mr. Webster. Congressman, I don't claim to be an expert into the healthcare industry, but, no question, it is a major vertical where IoT is being leveraged. I think if we start looking at the quality of care that is able to be delivered, to the extent of the medical reach, as was mentioned, and also just, I think, to the well-being, knowing that an elderly relative is active, for example, or being able to track them down should they wander off, say, an Alzheimer's patient, I think there are a lot of benefits there that I think could be challenging to quantify from a monetary benefit, but all recognize that it is good from a social benefit as well.