    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize I missed the earlier part of the committee. I was chairing another committee hearing. But this is something very important to me. I am going to direct my questions to my good friend Mr. Butterworth, as we both served in the State Senate together. He was also the adjutant general of the Georgia National Guard, and now in his current position is fully aware of the emergency preparedness, the status, and the threats that face the State of Georgia.    Let me kind of summarize what we face here in Georgia. We have the busiest airport in the world, Atlanta Hartsfield. We have 130-plus medium- and small-sized airports throughout the State, 2 of the busiest import-export ports in the Nation in Savannah and Brunswick, Georgia. Atlanta is the headquarters of many Fortune 500 companies. We also have the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta, the home of several top research universities, as well as the financial center of the southeast. Weather is also a consideration in Georgia, as we are susceptible to tornadoes, as well as hurricanes coming from the Gulf Coast or the Atlantic Ocean.    Mr. Butterworth, with your knowledge of these, as well as the growing threat that we face from terrorism, how significant are these cuts in our ability to prepare and respond to whether it is a natural disaster, violent extremism, or a target against our citizens?    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you. It is interesting that you brought up the fusion centers. Two weeks ago, we passed on the House floor the ALERT Act, a bill that I authored, and that was a strong bipartisan support in this committee, as well as no opposition on the floor. The ALERT Act was in response to the Task Force on Foreign Fighter Travel that I served on. When we realized that we needed to have a force multiplier for our Federal agencies regarding countering terrorism and CVE efforts, and that our local law enforcement were perfectly positioned to do that, but there were bureaucratic hurdles in the way. The ALERT Act removed those bureaucratic hurdles, but yet all of the training and resources would be funneled through the fusion centers as the center.    So even though we are making great strides with providing better engagement with local and State resources with our Federal regarding terrorism, what I am understanding is if we lose the funding for the fusion center, then none of this would have any effect. Is that true?    Mr. Loudermilk. Mr. Sena.    Mr. Loudermilk. Okay. I see my time has expired, Mr. Chair.    Chief Turner.    Mr. Loudermilk. Chief Kerr.    Mr. Loudermilk. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired. I yield back. But I encourage our Members, it looks like we have a lot of work to do to correct this problem.