    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this important and timely hearing.    On a daily basis articles are published about the suspicious use of commercially-available drones. In recent weeks drones have been observed flying over sensitive locations in Paris. According to French authorities, drones have flown over nuclear installations, the home of the French president, and the United States Embassy.    Here in the United States, a drone recently crashed on the White House grounds. While the incident at the White House has been described by officials as nothing more than a drunken misadventure, it raises questions about the threat commercially-available drones may pose to individuals, infrastructure, and our aviation systems.    Undoubtedly, drones have great potential. In Japan, drones have been used by farmers for years as an efficient and effective tool for crop fertilization. Projects for commercial use in the United States display that drones will become a common sight on farms in Pennsylvania and my home State of Mississippi in the coming years.    In the wrong hands, however, these potentially valuable commercial tools could become dangerous instruments for attack. That is why it is critical that the Department of Homeland Security conduct risk assessments to determine what steps should be taken to mitigate the potential threat.    To date, we have learned of components of the Department, such as Secret Service and the Science and Technology Directorate, conducting testing that identifies methods to address the potential threats drones pose. It is less clear whether there is a Department-wide strategy to develop--to address the issue.    Unfortunately, despite being invited, as previously commented, the Department of Homeland Security is not here today to explain why and to Members what is being done to address the security vulnerabilities drones expose. Despite the Department's absence, I am confident that the Members will receive valuable testimony from this distinguished panel of witnesses assembled.    Professor McNeal is an expert on the issues of drones and will add a valuable voice to our conversation about the policy solutions should be explored to address the security concerns surrounding drones. Professor Humphreys is making his second appearance before the subcommittee to discuss the issue. I look forward to the other witnesses' testimony also.    Finally, I am pleased that Chief Beary is appearing in his capacity as president of the International Association of Chiefs of Police. We all have questions Chief Beary can address regarding how law enforcement utilizes drones and how they respond to drone operating in our cities.    However, before yielding back, Mr. Chairman, I am compelled to point out that much of what we, and now the public, know of the Secret Service's testing of drones is the result of leaks. Unfortunately, it is all too common an occurrence that information provided to Members and staff in our security space to be published by the media in the next days and hours after the briefing.    This committee has a responsibility to the American people to make the Department of Homeland Security work and, accordingly, our Nation more secure. Leaking Classified information is in direct conflict with that responsibility. It is also in conflict with the law and the oath we signed to obtain access to Classified information.    I hope and trust all Members and staff of this committee and those of other committees we invite to attend briefings will take the oath and the responsibility that comes with it to heart.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Excellent witnesses. You raise a lot of, I think, interesting points.    For this committee, one of the real challenges is how do you insert the role of Government in this process? There are people who say, ``Well, we have too much Government already.''    But there are others who will say if something happens, ``Why didn't the Government see this coming?''    So our question is--and I heard two things. Some say the role ought to be in DHS.    General, you kind of talked about a broader involvement, but with no head. You know, you said we ought to get everybody together.    So would your message to us be there is a role for Government, but somebody ought to have the primary responsibility for administering that role?    I will start with you, Dr. Humphreys.    Mr. Thompson. General.    General Rogerro. Thank you very much, sir.    I would probably split it up a little bit and say, ``Department of Defense, you are responsible for those drones, if you will, or those remote-piloted aircraft that are state-sponsored.'' So those are the larger ones. Those are going to be more your Predators and Reapers.    As we talk drones, you know, it is very easy to slip into just thinking that they are just a quadcopter when they could be much more.    DHS certainly has a role in that and in the security piece, as well. So perhaps DHS is the right area.    Or do you pick an operational arm, such as in the Department of Energy, who has some very vital sites that they need to protect and could really identify the requirements and drive an effort and pull in all of those various bits on the defense as well as the mitigation technology and spread that throughout Government. So that is, perhaps, one solution as well, sir.    Mr. Thompson. Chief, you are on the ground. You talked about a lack of direction.    Mr. Thompson. Doctor.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.