    Mr. Gibbs. We will call the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to order.    Today we are having a hearing to review the recently completed United States Army Corps of Engineers Chief's Reports.    I would like to welcome everybody to the hearing.    This past May, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure unanimously passed H.R. 5303, the Water Resources Development Act of 2016. This legislation builds upon the success of WRRDA 2014, one of the most policy- and reform-focused pieces of legislation related to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.    H.R. 5303 is a bipartisan bill that was developed by working across the aisle to achieve a common goal of investing in America's future. H.R. 5303 contains no earmarks, as WRRDA 2014 did, and strengthens our water transportation networks to promote competitiveness, prosperity, and economic growth.    This committee held numerous public roundtables and official hearings in developing this legislation. We have heard from the public, industry, stakeholders, and from our colleagues in Congress while developing this legislation and have incorporated their ideas into H.R. 5303.    I appreciate Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member DeFazio, and Mrs. Napolitano's bipartisan work to address the vital need for America.    Today we are holding a hearing to review two Army Corps of Engineers reports that have been delivered to Congress since this subcommittee met last in May of this year. We intend to review these proposed projects to ensure they meet our criteria for authorization.    Additionally, the Corps of Engineers has delivered to Congress two Post-Authorization Change Reports recommending modifications to ongoing construction projects at Swope Park, Missouri, and Picayune Strand, Florida.    These Chief's Reports and Post-Authorization Change Reports address the missions of the Corps and balance economic development and environmental considerations equally.    The Corps of Engineers constructs projects for the purposes of navigation, flood control, shoreline protection, hydroelectric power, recreation, environmental protection, restoration and enhancement, and fish and wildlife mitigation.    The Corps of Engineers planning process considers economic development and environmental needs as it addresses water resource challenges. This rigorous planning process addresses the Nation's water resources needs by exploring a full range of alternatives in developing solutions that meet both national and local needs.    The two Chief's Reports and two Post-Authorization Change Reports we are discussing today are the result of this rigorous planning process. These projects are proposed by the non-Federal interests in cooperation and consultation with the Corps. All of these Chief's Reports and Post-Authorization Change Reports, while tailored to meet locally developed needs, have national economic and environmental benefits.    I would like to welcome General Jackson for being here today. It is an important hearing today, and thank you for your hard work on both the Upper Ohio River and southwest coastal Louisiana's Chief's Reports.    And before I move on, I do want to ask unanimous consent that Representative Rick Larsen be permitted to join this subcommittee for today's hearing, if there is no objection.    Without objection, so ordered.    At this time I recognize my colleague from California, Mrs. Napolitano, for any comments she may have.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    I also ask unanimous consent that the record of today's hearing remain open until such time as our witnesses have provided answers to any questions that may be submitted to them in writing.    So ordered.    At this time I want to recognize Chairman Shuster of the full committee for any comments he may have.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    At this time I want to welcome General Ed Jackson. He is the Deputy Commander General for Civil Emergency Operations in the United States Army Corps of Engineers. He is here to talk about the two Chief's Reports and the Change Reports, and anything else.    So welcome, General. The floor is yours.    General Jackson. Chairman Gibbs, Chairman Shuster, Ranking Member Napolitano, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, as the chairman said, I am Major General Ed Jackson with a long title, Deputy Commanding General for Civil and Emergency Operations for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.    I sincerely thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss the Chief's Reports that have been completed since I last testified for you on May 17th of this year. My written testimony includes detailed descriptions of the six Chief's Reports and two project Post-Authorization Change Reports that have completed executive branch review since May 17 of 2016.    I will cover these projects briefly in my remarks today. My written testimony also identifies Corps decision documents that are still under review by the administration, including eight potential projects that have Chief's Reports and two projects with Post-Authorization Change Reports.    On the first, the Upper Turkey Creek Chief's Report was transmitted to Congress on June the 30 of 2016. The recommended plan reduces flood risk along the Turkey Creek, a tributary to the Kansas River in Merriam, Kansas, which is a part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. Based upon October 2015 price levels, the total initial cost for this project is estimated at $37.8 million.    The West Sacramento Chief's Report was transmitted to Congress on August 22, 2016. The report recommends flood risk management improvements along the Sacramento River, Yolo Bypass and Sacramento River Deep Water Ship Channel within the metropolitan area of West Sacramento, California.    Based on October 2015 price levels, the total initial cost for this project is estimated at $1.2 billion.    The American River Watershed, Common Features Chief's Report was transmitted to Congress on August 29, 2016. The report recommends flood risk management improvements along the American and Sacramento Rivers and Eastside tributaries in the Sacramento, California, area.    Based upon October 2015 price levels, the total initial cost for this project is estimated at $1.6 billion.    The South San Francisco Bay Shoreline Chief's Report was transmitted to Congress on 28 July of 2016. The report details plans to reduce flood risks for the community of Alviso, California, as well as ecosystem restoration measures in the Alviso pond complex.    Based on October 2015 price levels, the total initial cost for this project is estimated at $173.9 million.    The Craig Harbor Chief's Report was transmitted to Congress on August 22 of 2016. The report outlines navigation improvements to Craig Harbor, Alaska, including the construction of an L-shaped breakwater and provision of additional moorage for approximately 145 vessels.    Based on October 2015 price levels, the total initial costs for this project is estimated at $32.3 million.    The Corps has also completed a Chief's Report on the disposition of Green River Locks and Dams Nos. 3, 4 and 5, and Barren River Lock and Dam No. 1. This report was submitted to Congress on June 30 of 2016.    The locks and dams identified in this report have not hosted commercial navigation for several decades and no longer support the congressionally authorized project purpose. Following deauthorization of commercial navigation at these facilities, the Corps will dispose of these properties and facilities through existing Army regulations and General Services Administration procedures unless Congress provides specific disposal authority.    Yesterday the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works signed the Record of Decision for the West Shore Lake Pontchartrain project. The Chief's Report for this project has already been submitted to the Congress, and we just received confirmation this morning that the administration transmitted the report to Congress today.    An additional Chief's Report recommending restoration of the Puget Sound Nearshore Ecosystem has completed the necessary policy and statutory reviews and has been provided to the Chief of Engineers for consideration and signature. This report is expected to be signed by the Chief within the next several days.    Section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 sets a maximum percentage cost increase for Civil Works projects. A further authorization is required to use Federal funds beyond this maximum authorized project cost. In these cases, the Corps completes a Post-Authorization Change Report, which is then provided to Congress if there is a recommendation for a further authorization.    There are two of these projects or reports that have been completed since our last testimony in May. The Swope Park industrial area project, which is located along the Blue River, reduces flood risk in the Kansas City, Missouri, metropolitan area, and the Picayune Strand Restoration Component of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan, which provides for ecosystem restoration benefits.    I would also like to take this opportunity to provide a brief update on the 2017 report to Congress on future water resources development as required by section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014. The open season for submission of proposals by non-Federal interests closes on Monday, September 19. The Corps has proactively engaged with potential non-Federal sponsors to generate interest in submission of proposed water resources projects through various solicitations, informational sessions, and outreach opportunities.    Notifications have been placed in the Federal Register, Corps Web sites, and on several social media platforms, and agency leadership has endeavored to promote this initiative at conferences and applicable information meetings.    The Corps has also advertised and hosted a public Web-based information session to explain the 7001 criteria and how to submit proposals. We look forward to reviewing the proposals that we have received.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering any questions that you may have.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Just for clarity, in your testimony you talk about these that OMB sent in in June and stuff. Those were already in the bill. We had Chief's Reports. It is just how OMB functions. So I am really focusing on the two new Chief's Reports and the two new Change Reports that we just received and maybe the ones that we are going to receive before the deadline Monday, I believe, September 19.    My first question is a question I always need to ask to hold everybody accountable. Between these two Chief's Reports and the two Post-Authorization Change Reports that came in since our previous hearing, did the Corps encounter any significant opposition to these reports?    And if they did, can you kind of generalize what that opposition was and the concerns?    General Jackson. No, Mr. Chairman, we did not encounter any significant opposition. We have been able to work through all of the issues with our resource agency partners and stakeholders to deliver these reports.    Mr. Gibbs. That is great. That is good to hear.    And on this hearing the two Post-Authorization Change Reports that we are looking at, can you give us several reasons why these projects cannot be completed within the budget that Congress has already provided?    General Jackson. Generally speaking, as we work through the completion of these reports, over time we found in some cases differing site conditions that we had to address. In other cases we had cost increases that were not foreseen at the time when these reports were initiated. As always it is to make sure that the report that we deliver and have to update from time to time is technically and policy compliant. That is what we have attempted to do with these particular reports.    Mr. Gibbs. OK. Now, the deadline to submit to get into this bill hopefully is Monday, September 19, and I know that the annual report process is in February. Your testimony was that the Corps posted on their Web site a Webinar on August 17 to inform the non-Federal sponsors of submission requirements.    How else has the Corps provided assistance to non-Federal project sponsors prior to submission, knowing about the deadline coming up?    General Jackson. Sir, we have done a number of things. We have, again, used social media to the extent that was can to get the word out about what this process is and how sponsors or potential project sponsors can take advantage of this.    We have certainly blanketed and done extensive training within our own organization to make sure that at the district level where we have the greatest outreach, they are able to have that face-to-face contact through townhall meetings and other relational opportunities to get the word out on what we are trying to accomplish.    And I will go so far as to say I even did a personal YouTube video to encourage folks to take advantage of this opportunity, which I hope you will never look at, but we went to that extent to try to get the word out so we could get as many opportunities as we could as a result of this process.    Mr. Gibbs. That is great to hear because for our process that we set up in WRRDA 2014, for it to work, to function right, the non-Federal project sponsors need to know how the mechanism works. So I am glad to hear that we moved forward on that.    On the Houston Ship Channel that addressed navigation safety and what we call the Bayport Flare, which I know you are aware of, why does the Corps no longer use the bend easing authority contained in U.S. Code 562 for carrying out that type of activity?    General Jackson. Sir, I am going to have to ask if I can get back to you on that.    Mr. Gibbs. OK.    General Jackson. That is a technical question I am not prepared to answer.    Mr. Gibbs. OK.    General Jackson. I will say this though, that we are working very hard with the administration to get this report cleared. I was personally at the Port of Houston 2 weeks ago to make sure that I understood the significance. The Port of Houston Authority was very kind in laying all of this out, not only the Post-Authorization Change Report that we are trying to get to address this one issue, but also the channel extension project that we are in the midst of working through right now where we are trying to schedule Civil Works Review Board by the end of the calendar year.    Mr. Gibbs. Can you give us any more details on the Puget Sound Chief's Report that we expect is probably coming in the next couple of days for what this project would do?    General Jackson. Yes, sir, I am glad to do that.    This particular project is an aquatic ecosystem restoration project. It is a part of the EPA's Ecosystems of National Significance. So it is a very significant effort on a national basis.    We have had significant participation at the Federal and State level. We started out with about 35 different potential project features, and we have worked that down to the four that we have in the report, which will be the Duckabush River Estuary, the Nooksack River Delta, and two parts of the North Fork Skagit River.    The cost information that we are looking at right now is about a $450 million project that is 65 percent Federal, 35 percent non-Federal. We have had wholesale support by about 15 different Federal agencies in developing this, so I am very excited about the way it was formulated and looking forward to getting this signed by the Chief.    Mr. Gibbs. And back to my first question. Was there any significant opposition or concerns about this project?    General Jackson. No, sir, none that I am aware of.    Mr. Gibbs. All right. Thank you very much.    Mrs. Napolitano.    Mr. Gibbs. Just for a point of clarification, I think I misspoke when I talked about the September 19 Monday deadline. That is for going into the February 2017 annual report, not WRDA. I just wanted to clarify that when I spoke.    Mr. Webster.    Mr. Gibbs. Thank you.    Mr. Larsen.    Mr. Gibbs. So ordered.    Mr. Gibbs. Dr. Babin.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Garamendi.    Mr. Gibbs. Mr. Bost.    Mr. Gibbs. They called votes. We have 11 minutes to go yet. We are going to go to Ms. Frankel, and when she finishes her questions the hearing is adjourned.    Go ahead.    Mr. Chair, I really again would just like to request that this committee take a look at this issue and maybe reach out to I do not know whether it would be the Budget Committee or what committee in the Congress that would also have jurisdiction. Do we know what it would be? Probably the Budget Committee, because this just does not make any sense to put the Army Corps and the communities through all of this work and effort and then all of a sudden have a whole different analysis of the cost.    And with that, I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Gibbs. I think the administration has some input in that, too.    We have 6 minutes to go over and vote, and thank you, General Jackson for being here today, and this adjourns our hearing.    General Jackson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.