    Mr. Secord. Thank you, sir. I would like to thank you and Ranking Member Davis and the distinguished members of this subcommittee for inviting me today. I would also like to thank the Military Personnel Subcommittee staff, and especially Jeanette James, for their substantive work to improve H.R. 5458.    I am pleased to testify in support of H.R. 5458, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act. It is truly an honor to represent not only the many veterans within our association, but all of our Nation's veterans and their families, who have made such large sacrifices to protect our way of life.    Upon entering military service, every Active Duty, reservist, and National Guardsman is enrolled in the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System, or DEERS. When the service member retires, he or she remains in DEERS and becomes immediately eligible for TRICARE benefits.    Under section 223 of the Internal Revenue Code, a simple TRICARE eligibility precludes that military retiree from making contributions to or receiving employer contributions to an HRA--excuse me--an HSA, health savings account.    The genesis of the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act came about during the FedEx pilot group's latest round of contract negotiations in 2014. Our healthcare experts proposed a high deductible healthcare plan with HSA, which would save our corporation money and also protect the pilots' healthcare benefits. But while conducting additional research, we realized that the TRICARE-eligible pilots would not be allowed to participate in the HSA portion of the plan, because as I stated earlier, TRICARE is not HSA compliant under the Internal Revenue Code.    We further realized that the negative consequences would not only impact our members but also could impact millions of our Nation's veterans that are TRICARE eligible. We brought this to Congressman Chris Stewart's attention, himself a B-1 bomber pilot for the Air Force. And in a great example of interservice support and bipartisanship, he joined forces with Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard, who currently serves as a major in the Army, in the Hawaii Army National Guard, and with that, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act was introduced.    This legislation solves the problem of a TRICARE-eligible individual's inability to participate in an HSA by allowing the individual to voluntarily pause his or her TRICARE benefits in DEERS. During this period, the individual could participate in their employer's healthcare plan and HSA, the same as their civilian coworker. At any point in the future, if the individual decided that his or her TRICARE benefits would be a better fit, he or she could elect to return to TRICARE during an annual open enrollment period or upon a qualifying life event.    The seamless transition back to TRICARE is made possible because the military retiree's information is retained in DEERS. This bill gives TRICARE-eligible individuals the flexibility to best care for their families and ensures them the same access to healthcare benefits that their civilian counterparts have.    Now, some might argue that access to a health reimbursement account, or HRA, provides the same benefit as an HSA. While it is a similar benefit, there are some important differences. A health reimbursement account is just that, it is an account for reimbursement. It is an employer-controlled account funded only by the employer to reimburse the employee for approved medical expenses.    An HSA, however, is an account that is employee controlled, that the employer and employee may deposit money into together.    In 2016, an individual with family coverage may have up to $6,750 deposited in an HSA, with an additional $1,000 for those 55 years of age and older. Assuming current contribution limits, a military retiree who retires at 40 would potentially have $178,750 deposited into an HSA over a 25-year period. This is money that can be invested and used for any future medical expense tax free.    This legislation is a commonsense solution to ensure that our veterans have access to the same healthcare options offered by their employers to their civilian coworkers, and it gives them the flexibility to make the best choices for their family's healthcare needs.    I thank you for your time and for your support of H.R. 5458, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Secord. Correct. Yeah, they currently cannot do that because they are not eligible for the HSA.    Mr. Secord. Yes, sir.    Mr. Secord. Simple choice. It gives them the same options that their civilian coworkers have. I never had the honor of serving, but I think that a veteran should have every option that I do in our healthcare choices.    Mr. Secord. No, sir, there are no numbers.    Mr. Secord. Yes, ma'am. And I will quote the CBO cost estimate. It said, quote, ``CBO estimates that the effects on direct spending and spending subject to appropriation would be insignificant in any year and in total--in any year and in total over the 2017 to 2026 time period.'' So insignificant.    Mr. Secord. That would be--I mean, I could speculate that--speculation, my guess would be that it would not be a large portion of veterans that would participate, but yes.    Mr. Secord. No, ma'am.    Mr. Secord. I'm sorry, could you ask the question again?    Mr. Secord. No, ma'am. Regardless of the TRICARE benefit that they have, they are not eligible under TRICARE.    Mr. Secord. No, ma'am.    Mr. Secord. Yes, sir.    Mr. Secord. All I have is what I read, just that CBO estimates that it is insignificant in the 10-year period. I don't have any----    Mr. Secord. Sure.    Mr. Secord. Thank you, sir.