    Mr. Marino . Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Marino. Okay. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Marino. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Congressman Jeffries.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. I will now recognize myself for several questions. And I apologize for being late, but I had a piece of legislation on the floor that I had to be present for. I want to thank you all for being here. I know everyone is genuinely concerned about the issues presented to them. We just have a different aspect of how to get there, but I will get to you two gentlemen in a moment.    I want to ask Mr. Weissman--excuse me, Mr. Murray--Mr. Weissman referred to something in his testimony that, ``a history of regulated industries' Chicken Little claims about the devastating impact of proposed rules.'' Would you share with me some of the conversations you have had with people that--in your company about what they have expressed to you about losing their jobs or the potential of losing their jobs? What it is going to mean to them and to their families?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Ms. Kaboth, you say compliance with OSHA's silica rule threatens the entire industry. Can you share with us how many silicosis cases have you had in the last 40 to 50 years with your company?    Mr. Marino. I would like to read something into the record. ``In January of 2016, the Bureau of Labor Statistics' seasonally adjusted U-3 unemployment rate fell to an 8-year low of 4.9 percent. But this figure masked workers who are underemployed or who have left the workforce. When those categories are included, the picture is much more troubling. The Bureau of Labor Statistics' U6 employment number, which includes those who cannot find full-time work, and those about a million, stands at 9.9 percent, almost 10 percent, more than twice the U-3 rate.''    So, I see that all the time in my district. People who have good-paying jobs are now rated as being full-time employed because they are cutting grass or working part-time at a fast food stand.    Gentlemen, there is no one that is more concerned about the environment as I do. I live out in the country. I get my water from the ground. I have children, and I want to protect them with my life. But we are getting to a point where--well, just let me read you something--actually, I do not have the quote; I will find it, and get it in the record. But an international organization stated that--they were talking about China and India. They are the single--China, but in addition to the other country I named, are the single largest sources of pollution in the world, not only with coal, but also with what they are burning, and what they are dumping into their waters.    And it goes on to refer to--that if the United States stopped using all fossil fuels whatsoever, it would be negligible, if anything, that would have any impact on cleaning up the environment. So, I do believe that humans do create pollution problems, but I do not agree with the extent that is, I think, being propagated out there.    Mr. Marino. I am not sure which one of you, but you stated that jobs, in your opening statement, stated that jobs are created when jobs are lost; and I invite you to come to my district, the 10th Congressional District of Pennsylvania and I can assure you--there is an electric plant that generated electricity using coal. It is out of business. I can assure you, those people are not coming to Washington to get a job.    So, you know, can--you know, the benefits that you are stating, I think, Dr. Bivens, you stated quite a bit the benefits of this: they are overstated, as well as the other side of the coin here.    So even looking at the banking industry--I hear it from the banking industry. I hear it from the coal industry, manufacturing, the food industry; OSHA, EPA, the Labor Bureau: the regulations are just crushing jobs in my district. I had a banker just tell me, when I was in my district last week, for--if I have the figures right--17 days, 12 regulators were in their bank. So, they had to pay so much attention to those people, they were not giving the customers the service that they really deserved. They were not working on loans. They left, and everything was fine.    So, I think the pendulum is swinging in the wrong direction, and even though my time has expired, as the Chairman, I have a little bit of clout here and I will certainly give my colleague, if he wants to ask other questions, but what do you suggest?    I mean, you are both very well educated men, but have you ever--and please do not take this personally--have you ever visited a coal mine? Have you ever visited an electric-generating power plant? Have you ever visited a construction site where a guy builds three houses a year in trying to make a living, but he cannot now because now he has to build a reservoir at the tune of $20,000 within a three-house project to take care of so-called runoff water? Help us out here. Mr. Weissman?    Mr. Marino. I did not say no impact; that it would have negligible impact.    Mr. Marino. Yeah, but you think we should be demonstrating to the world, to China, who keeps pumping out the burning coal, at the risk of us losing jobs?    Mr. Marino. In the long run. But what do you say to the electric plant that puts scrubbers in that they were supposed to put in 5 years ago and then gets another order from EPA saying, ``Now you have got to put this on top of the scrubbers,'' which costs millions and millions of dollars, and 172 people are put out of work? I mean, there has to be a cost analysis in here taking into consideration the jobs, and as far as expanding jobs in D.C., believe me, you do not want to go there with me.    Mr. Marino. Okay, I do not dispute you with that. In fact, I agree with you. But from a regulatory perspective of banks and lending, sure, that is important. We need a certain degree of regulation, but I was more so pointing to examples of manufacturing jobs in my district, which is a rural district and a farming district. And I think you are aware of what the EPA tried to do in the farming industry with the Army Corps of Engineers--simply saying because there is a puddle of water on a farmland, this gives them the right, through the Navigable Waters Act, to come in and to regulate.    Listen, I live in the middle of five farms. I have not seen a boat come through there yet, but I think we want the same thing. It is just a different approach. Dr. Bivens, do you want to respond to any of this?    Mr. Marino. And I agree with you, particularly in the natural gas aspect, one of the most clean-burning fossil fuels that we have. I mean, we should be building an infrastructure on that.    But again, you are comparing apples and oranges. You are comparing sitting behind a desk doing something, where most people in the United States do not sit behind a desk. They are farmers. They work in factories. They have to go to part-time jobs because we do not have the industry in this country because, in part, because of the environmental controls and OSHA and others. So, we could debate this.    I would love to talk to you more so in the future about this. But given the fact that we are running close to 5:00, we are going to shut down now the question-and-answer part of this. And I appreciate everything that all of you have brought to our attention because these are clearly hearings that we want to get the facts. We want to get issues out. And that will help us make determinations on how we legislate or should be legislating in this country.    So with that, this concludes today's hearing. I want to thank all you witnesses once again for coming here, spending time with us, traveling here. And I want you to have a safe trip back to wherever you are going. And without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record. And this hearing is adjourned.