    Mr. Issa. Thank you.    Well, I am going to pick up where Mr. Connolly left off, but he won't be surprised there may be a slight twist on how I hold the blade.    Mr. Rademaker, let me understand a premise that I think you have here, and tell me if I am off, the question of do we take the deal or don't take the deal. The fact is, if the deal is to allow the equivalent of the entire World War II Luftwaffe sitting on the ground with the promise that although the fuel tanks are right next to the planes, they won't fully load the planes and the bombs for 10 years, that is kind of where we are. We are letting them have all the weapon of war, the launch systems, the missiles, the fissile material. What we are saying is, the time it takes to load these aircraft and get them in the air is what we are counting on. Isn't that sort of the equivalent?    Mr. Issa. The French, I think, said that for several hours in the beginning of World War II.    Mr. Issa. Dr. Makovsky, I saw your head shaking yes, so I will take you next for obvious reasons.    But, Doctor, if we go, I think, to Mr. Rademaker's assumption, which is that trying to inspect a fleet of weapons of war and make sure they are not quite loaded and ready to fire at us, changing that to these weapons of war, you need to dispel them, you need to be away from them, you cannot have those, which was a position--and this is where Mr. Connolly, I am sorry he left.    The Bush administration said, you can't have weapons of war, and they were playing with the no 20 percent, no enrichment, no enriched there. Aren't we playing now only this last-minute game? And if so, does or can we get the world--and we are not talking about Israel, we are not talking about the United States, we are talking about mostly Europe--can we get them back to a point of understanding that the only way to have a verifiable deal is to have a deal in which there is zero tolerance for these weapons or near weapons of war?    Mr. Issa. I am a Clevelander. We cite all different years.    Mr. Issa. So if I am going to summarize--and, Dr. Pollack, I want to hear from you for a moment, because we have given you a pass, and you need to get back to work--the fact is, we are negotiating a deal that is not verifiable, sustainable, and reliable, and it is not nearly the kind of oversight that we had against Saddam when, in fact, Saddam was shipping millions, hundreds of millions of gallons and barrels of oil, not even including the weapons program. It is very hard to take a large independent country and supervise it.    Dr. Pollack, getting back to something that is verifiable, that makes sense, that can, in fact, be restrained, how do you see us getting from where we are--let's assume for a moment that Congress rejects a deal or that the President doesn't come up with one--how do you see us getting to one that the other gentlemen at the table could support as defendable and verifiable?    Mr. Issa. Yeah. Go for it.    Mr. Issa. So we are going to take the Chamberlain deal, even though it is not the deal we should have, because it is the best deal he came back with?    Mr. Issa. Thank you.