    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, what is so jarring about this hearing is that sort of in bloodless and bureaucratic language we are talking about the compromise of information of fellow Americans and, from the Federal employee point of view, the most catastrophic compromise of personal information in the history of this Country. Social Security records.    Ms. Archuleta, you mentioned that not health information, but health carrier. That is a roadmap to other information hackers can get.    Security clearances. Security clearances are deeply personal and often involve, do they not, Ms. Seymour, unconfirmed negative information, even rumors. I think so-and-so has a drinking problem. That gets in that report even if it is not confirmed. Is that not correct?    Mr. Connolly. Well, let me confirm for you. It was a rhetorical question, really. It is correct.    How do we protect our employees? Dr. Ozment, when I heard your testimony, it almost sounded like you were saying is that the good news here is we detected the hack. But the object here isn't effective detection, though that is part of the process; it is prevention and preemption to protect our citizens, including Federal employees.    You talked about EINSTEIN and you championed its merits. Was EINSTEIN in place at OPM when this hack occurred?    Mr. Connolly. A terrible outcome?    Mr. Connolly. It might even be personally devastating, Dr. Ozment, not just a terrible outcome.    Mr. Connolly. Was EINSTEIN in place at the time of this breach?    Mr. Connolly. Okay, I only have two minutes. I want to understand your answer. So did it successfully detect a breach had occurred?    Mr. Connolly. I am sure every Federal employee who had his or her information compromised is comforted by your answer, Dr. Ozment.    Ms. Archuleta, what was the time gap between discovering there had been a breach and the actual breach itself?    Mr. Connolly. This year. And when did t he breach occur?    Mr. Connolly. So some time late last year?    Mr. Connolly. Okay. So whoever were the hackers, presumably an agency of the Chinese government, according to published reports confirmed by U.S. officials, it is not a classified piece of information. The details of it may be, but our Government, I believe, has confirmed, without attribution, in public records that it was a systematic effort by the People's Liberation Army, which has been notorious for hacking all over the West, that got its hands on this data.    So they had four months in which to do something with this data, is that correct, maybe five?    Mr. Connolly. I didn't ask you to. I just asked whether they had four or five months to do something with this data.    Mr. Connolly. All right.    I am going to, real quickly, if the chairman allows, ask Mr. Scott one last question. The head of CERT, the director of CERT says if the agency implemented three steps, we could prevent about 85 percent of breaches.    And I am going to hold in abeyance new investments and new technology because Ms. Seymour talks about legacy systems, and I had always hoped that the Chinese didn't know how to hack into COBOL. But that is a different matter.    Okay, the three things are minimize administrator privileges; two, utilize application whitelisting; and, three, continuously patch software, which, interestingly, does not go on.    Would you just comment? What is your professional take on those three recommendations?    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.