    Ms. Ayres. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, and members of the subcommittee, thank you very much for the invitation to appear before you today on U.S. economic ties with India. I am honored to be part of this distinguished panel.    I shared in advance with the committee a recent Council on Foreign Relations Independent Task Force report for which I served as project director. I respectfully request that the report and my more detailed written statement be submitted for the record.    In the last 15 years, India has experienced significant economic growth, and the bilateral economic relationship has changed substantially. After several years hovering below the $100-billion level, in 2014 two-way trade in goods and services crossed that threshold and last year reached $107 billion. U.S. exports to India now support more than 180,000 American jobs, as Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker said last year.    U.S.-India defense trade has increased from zero to around $13 billion cumulatively. Technology and entrepreneurship are increasingly a bridge between both countries. At the same time, U.S.-India trade remains well below its potential, only a little more than one-tenth U.S.-China trade in goods and more on the scale of Taiwan or the Netherlands.    India and the United States also have market access differences. I do not intend to minimize these concerns, for they certainly exist, but I will focus my remarks on the future strategic horizon we should bear in mind, India's future potential.    According to International Monetary Fund data, India's GDP crossed the $2-trillion threshold in 2014. At market exchange rates, India was the world's ninth largest economy that year, surpassing Russia. India is now growing at around 7.3 percent annually, which in 2015 made India the fastest-growing major economy in the world, given China's slowdown.    India, as you know, does not fare as well when looking at per-capita GDP. When looking at per capita at market exchange rates, India's nearly $1700 level ranks it in the bottom third. Still, the prospect for India's middle class to grow substantially in the coming decades is not in doubt. A strong economic base will allow India to continue on its path of rising global power, including by enabling its military modernization, making the country a bulwark of democracy and stability in an expanded region from the Middle East to East Asia, where both are not always in ample supply.    I referred to the Council on Foreign Relations Independent Task Force. One of its top findings was that, if India can maintain its current growth rate, let alone attain sustained double digits, it has the potential over the next 20 to 30 years to follow China on the path to becoming another $10-trillion economy. Few countries have such potential.    India has its own political work to do to realize these ambitions and it will not be easy. These are challenges that the United States can do little about, but we have a clear stake in India achieving its ambitions.    The Task Force recommended that the United States elevate support for India's economic growth and its reform process to the highest bilateral priority. I will provide several recommendations for how to do this at the end of my testimony.    Preparing the United States for a more global India. We have a problem of underinvestment and insufficient attention to India in United States higher education, an economic preparedness issue for our own country. The ranking of top study-abroad destinations tells an obvious story about American interest in Europe, but China has overtaken Germany as a destination. Nearly twice as many American students head to Costa Rica for an experience abroad than to India.    Language enrollment data is yet more dispiriting. Students in U.S. colleges and universities do not sign up for Indian languages at the levels they do for languages like Arabic, Chinese, or Korean. Here is an example: Enrollments for Hindi were only 1800. All Indian languages combined were around 3,000. This means that the total enrollments in all Indian languages combined account for less than one-quarter those of Korean.    Let me offer now a few recommendations for U.S. policy on these issues. First, elevate support for India's economic growth to the highest bilateral priority on the U.S. agenda with India. Steps recommended by the CFR-sponsored Independent Task Force report include leadership of a global diplomatic effort to support India's entry into APEC; completion of a Bilateral Investment Treaty; high-level discussion of bilateral sectoral agreements such as in services; identification of a longer-term pathway to a free trade agreement or Indian membership in an expanded TPP as an equivalent; creation of initiatives that respond to Indian interest in domestic reform needs such as technical advice on infrastructure finance, and continued emphasis on defense trade and technology.    Second, as India becomes an increasingly-central global economy, the United States should work to integrate India in global economic institutions. I mentioned APEC. There are other institutions in which India should become a member, such as the OECD and the International Energy Agency.    Finally, prepare our next generation for an India in the global economy. Review Federal funding incentives to encourage study abroad in India and study of Indian languages.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to questions.    Ms. Ayres. I think, first of all, having the platform of Make in India is, first and foremost, designed to attract foreign direct investment into India. A lot of American companies that are manufacturing in India are taking advantage of that. So, it is actually helpful to the larger revenue of some American companies.    For example, General Motors announced $1-billion investment and a relocation of a factory last summer. Ford has one of their largest manufacturing facilities anywhere in the world in Gujarat. There is a long list of others.    Since the Make in India initiative was announced in September 2014, there has been a trickle of major investment announcements. And so, I think we would have to look at kind of individual sectors to see if there was anything that would preclude or prohibit or limit U.S. exports to India. So, I don't think it is possible to answer that in a blanket, kind of umbrella statement.    But, certainly, it is the case that this is a platform that is helpful to some American manufacturers who are looking to produce for this huge and growing Indian market.    Ms. Ayres. I agree. I would say either of those three.    Ms. Ayres. I will offer some initial thoughts on that.    First, I think in the IPR conversation we should probably split the discussion to talk first about copyright issues and, then, secondly, IPR concerns in other industries. The pharmaceutical industry in the United States has some deep concerns about India's IPR regime.    On the copyright side, there has actually been a lot of good news. That has been an arena where you have seen Indian industry, particularly India's media and entertainment industry, step up and request its state-level governments and its government at the Federal level to put in place stronger protections for copyright. So, that has actually happened, and I think you now have seen over the course of the last decade a real convergence of views in the entertainment space. So, whether it is songwriting or a script or a film, we have now, I think, got agreement with the regime in India on copyright.    IPR, as you referred to, is much more difficult. I don't believe that India is backsliding, but I don't believe that their patent law has moved in any way in a direction that would be satisfactory to what people in the United States are looking for.    I know that the Indian Government recently received an opinion from the World Trade Organization that supported India's patent law. So, I do not anticipate that that positive opinion they received from the WTO would suggest to Indian lawmakers a necessity for them changing their own law. What that tells me is I think we are going to continue to see a lot of fireworks over the IPR issues, particularly in the pharmaceutical industry, for the next several years. I don't see this as an issue that is going to be easily remedied.    Ms. Ayres. Perhaps I will take a stab at that and, then, my colleagues might have some additional thoughts.    China is India's largest trading partner in goods. We have heard earlier the United States is India's largest trading partner in goods and services, but China is India's number one in goods. So, it has a very robust economic relationship with China.    India is not happy with the balance of its trade with China. India feels that it is sending out raw materials and importing finished goods. So, it is unhappy about the trade balance and the composition of trade.    Ms. Ayres. With Pakistan, India is in an extremely-limited trade relationship. In 1994 or 1996--I would have to check my notes--India granted Pakistan most favored nation recognition. Pakistan has never reciprocated that. So, they don't have free and open trade.    There have been some studies done that suggest that they have got trade diversion that goes through the Gulf, through the United Arab Emirates, instead of going across the border by land, where it could be carried out quite easily.    Previous Indian Governments and the Indian and Pakistani private sector have tried to use trade initiatives to try to be a kind of leading edge to improve ties. But, without that most favored nation recognition and some sort of larger push on trade, it is hard to see larger improvement on the trade ties.    With the smaller countries around India, there is an open border with Nepal. So, they have free and open trade and movement of persons anyway. India has a free trade agreement with Sri Lanka that has expanded their trading relationship significantly. And India recently completed a boundary reorganization with Bangladesh, and they have significantly expanded the trade with Bangladesh. So, economic ties with Bangladesh have been a big focus for the Indian Government.    Ms. Ayres. So, I will offer a couple of thoughts. I know my fellow panelists have been thinking about this one as well.    The DTTI seems to be going very well. As with almost everything involving negotiating some sort of agreement with India, it is not happening overnight, and I don't think that should surprise us. But the fact that we have seen an increase, first, in the defense procurements, which is good for our economy as well as good for India's developing its defense and security capacity; the fact that we now have these pathfinder projects that are moving ahead; the fact that we have seen a change in India's FDI policy when it comes to the defense sector, moving that FDI cap from 26 to 49 percent, with the possibility of up to 100 percent on a case-by-case basis, these are all positive movements that have been helpful to the defense industry. I would anticipate that as discussion of the projects, the pathfinder projects, continues, we will come together and be able to produce something and develop something with India. So, I consider that moving quite positively.