    Mr. McCaul. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, the President campaigned on a promise to close Guantanamo. Is it fair to say that that campaign promise will not be fulfilled?    Mr. McCaul. So but the current plan is to process 29 transfers out of Gitmo, which would leave--I think there are 79 detainees. That would leave 50, I guess, at Guantanamo, right?    Mr. McCaul. I've been down there. I saw Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, evil incarnate. So the 50 remaining--is it your intention to--we passed in the Congress under the National Defense Authorization bill an express prohibition against bringing these detainees into the United States.    This administration will honor that legal restraint, correct? It will follow the law.    Mr. McCaul. Okay. What is the status of the trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed?    Mr. McCaul. Why is this taking so long? I was a Federal prosecutor. This has been, you know, since 9/11.    Mr. McCaul. Right. And I know defense counsel is filing a lot of motions. Pretty nice courtroom down there. There are 50 detainees that will be left. How many of those will be facing military trials?    Mr. McCaul. Getting back to those who you plan to release, we know 13 released have been implicated in attacks against the United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, not a good number.    Let me ask you this question. Has the administration ever refused to send detainees to a country because it could not provide adequate security?    Mr. McCaul. You mentioned a lot of these detainees you want to transfer out are Yemenis. Yemen is a failed state, in my judgement, and it is in a really bad state of affairs.    You have the Houthis down there, Iranian forces. You have al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula still plotting external operations against the United States. Can you tell me definitively you'll not be sending these detainees to Yemen?    Mr. McCaul. Okay. That's a very good answer. What country would most likely receive them?    Mr. McCaul. The last question--the Saudis have a pretty good deradicalization program. Have you considered that?    Mr. McCaul. Okay. I see my time has expired. Thank you.