    Dr. Heck. Okay. I would like to call the hearing of the Military Personnel Subcommittee to order. I want to welcome everyone to the hearing.    I thank the witnesses for their flexibility.    Just to say at the outset, we are probably going to have another vote series at 12:30, which will be a one-vote vote series. So my plan is that when the bell rings whoever is speaking will finish what they are saying, we will depart, go vote that one vote, and come immediately back if we have not yet concluded the hearing.    So again, I want to thank everyone for coming to the subcommittee hearing to get the stakeholder views on proposed military health care reforms. This hearing is part of the committee's ongoing project to comprehensively review the current state of the Military Health System and military health care and, based on this information, identify areas that need improvement.    I want to be clear that this process is not being driven by budgetary concerns. We are using the same format that we used in the successful review of the military retirement changes, which were not driven by budget but driven by what will produce the best possible benefit to be able to recruit and retain the best and brightest into our All-Volunteer Force.    The overarching goal of the project is to ensure the Military Health System can sustain trained and ready health care providers to support the readiness of the force while providing a quality health care benefit that is valued by beneficiaries. To that end, the committee has heard from several experts, including current and former Surgeons General, the Under Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, and civilian health care programs, regarding the current and future challenges of providing health care.    Today we look forward to building on the knowledge by hearing from military service organizations regarding their members' views on military health care. These incredibly important perspectives are crucial to understanding this multifaceted and complex issue.    Our purpose today is to discuss both what works and what needs to be fixed in the military health care system.    We are keenly aware that military health care is an extremely important benefit and any reforms must be thoroughly analyzed from multiple perspectives and structured to prevent unintended consequences. Our discussion today is an integral part of that process.    Before I introduce our panel, let me offer the ranking member, Congresswoman Davis, an opportunity to make her opening remarks.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mrs. Davis.    We are joined again today by an outstanding panel. We will give each witness the opportunity to present his or her testimony and each member an opportunity to question the witnesses.    Respectfully remind the witnesses to summarize, to the greatest extent possible, the high points of your written testimony in 5 minutes or less. Your written comments and statements will be made part of the hearing record.    Let me welcome our panel: Mr. Scott Bousum, Legislative Director of the Enlisted Association of the National Guard of the United States ; Vice Admiral (Retired) Norbert Ryan, President and CEO of the Military Officers Association of America; and Ms. Joyce Raezer, Executive Director, National Military Family Association .    I also ask unanimous consent to enter a statement from the National Association of Chain Drug Stores into the record.    Dr. Heck. Without objection, so ordered.    Who is going to go first?    Dr. Heck. Well, can you give us a quick summary in 5 minutes of what your statement says so we can move forward, so everybody has an opportunity that made not have read your----    Dr. Heck . Statement in advance----    Dr. Heck. Admiral Ryan.    Dr. Heck. Ms. Raezer.    Dr. Heck. Thank you. I appreciate all of your testimony.    And since, Mrs. Davis, you may have to leave soon I will defer my time and give you the first 5 minutes.    Dr. Heck. Thanks.    So, you know, one of the approaches that we are trying to look at from the subcommittee perspective as we tackle this is, you know, from the 30,000-foot view, what is the primary purpose of the military health care system? What is the primary reason that we have a military health care system? And then from there, try to bring it all the way down to the tactical: How do we provide that care?    So I would ask each one of you, on behalf of your association: To your association, what is the primary purpose of the military health care system?    Mr. Bousum.    Dr. Heck. Okay.    Admiral.    Dr. Heck. All right.    Ms. Raezer.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you. I will save my second question for the next round since it is going to take longer than a minute and a half.    Mr. O'Rourke.    Dr. Heck. Thanks.    So I was going to--my follow-on question was going to be, you know, how we kind of look at the three ups and three downs of the system. What are the three things you think they are doing well? What are the three things, if you could wave a wand, you would want to improve?    Actually, Admiral Norbert, I think you did that, actually, in your opening statement, and if I had them right you kind of said the ups were combat casualty care, TRICARE for Life, pharmacy benefits, TRICARE Standard, and the quality of care.    Dr. Heck. And the three downs were inefficiencies of three separate programs, TRICARE Prime, and TRICARE Reserve Select.    Dr. Heck. Do you have anything else that you would add to either of those two columns?    Dr. Heck. Okay.    So, Ms. Raezer, what would be your three ups and three downs?    Dr. Heck. Right.    And, Mr. Bousum.    Dr. Heck. And then, you know, in one of the previous panels we had the former Surgeons General, one of which was Admiral Cowan. And, you know, he talked about, you know, obviously his longitudinal perspective that he has had from being involved for so long that, you know, when TRICARE was originally envisioned, you know, the idea was that all of the health care actually would be provided in MTFs until the military staffing in that MTF had to deploy, and then the care would go to, you know, out into the community until those returning physicians, nurses, medics were coming back to the MTF.    And he had this idea, or his thought was that we should try harder within DOD to recapture more of the care that we've let go outside the gate via TRICARE back into the MTFs.    Now, I understand the point that you brought up, Ms. Raezer, that, hey, if there are no appointments to take care of the current beneficiaries, how are they going to provide appointments for those outside the gate? But assuming that could be fixed--that is a big assumption, but let's say assuming that could be fixed--what degree of reticence do you believe there would be amongst your beneficiaries, your members, of wanting to come back into the gate?    I mean, would they need to be incentivized to come back in if they have been getting care outside the gate? Or how do you think we would be able to accomplish that, to get them to understand or want to come back into the MTF?    Ms. Raezer.    Dr. Heck. When you talk about cultural competency and the providers understanding the life of the duty member, do your members talk about hospitals or military health care facilities that are primarily staffed with civilian contractors nowadays, versus actually Active Duty health care professionals?    Dr. Heck. Mr. O'Rourke, another question?    Dr. Heck. Mr. MacArthur.    Dr. Heck. Well, I am going to keep going because we have got you here and I want to totally exploit the opportunity to get your perspective.    So again, as we have been working through this--and, you know, this has been a very iterative process. Each time we get another panel before us we pick up another pearl, or at least I pick up another pearl that sometimes changes the entire calculus that I had before that committee hearing.    I was impressed that each of you said that, you know, the primary goal is to maintain combat casualty care, right, as the primary goal of the military health care system. And I would certainly agree with that, certainly when we look at the advances we've made over the last 14, 15 years.    So here's, I am throwing out--and I probably shouldn't do this on the record, but I am throwing out a concept, okay? So I don't want this--you know, this shouldn't be publicized in any newspaper article that that's my idea, but a concept. Too late. Otherwise my phones are going to start lighting up already.    So with the idea of trying to maintain combat casualty care, right, which basically comes into the idea you need a health care provider force that's ready to be able to provide that care, and you need a medically ready force to be able to deploy. It would seem that the--and that comes at cost--readiness comes at a cost, and I think that is one of the things that DOD fails to recognize. Well, they recognize it when they write the check, but they don't realize that if you want to be ready you have got to spend money to do it.    And I use the analogy of like a civilian trauma center. Civilian trauma centers know that they are going to lose money. It is because, you know, you have got to have all those resources ready to go at the flip of a switch 24/7, whether you are using them or not, and that comes at a cost.    So if we want to say that the primary goal is to have that medically ready force, medically trained and ready providers, and maintain combat casualty care, that perhaps, as Mr. MacArthur said, we focus providing that at centers of--military medical centers of excellence. That would be the full impatient capability MTF, and those would be located in areas of high troop concentration, right?    If we downscale other facilities, then, to let's say outpatient clinics with no inpatient capability and we want to--well, the--I should go back. To do that we need to recapture all the care in those areas into those facilities so that those medical health care providers can get the training that they need, not just on combat casualty care but, you know, we do humanitarian missions. It is delivering babies, taking care of pediatric patients, taking care of, you know, asthmatics and everything--heart failure and heart attacks.    If I'm hearing correctly, in order to do that we've got to increase access, which is the hours of operations, the number of appointment slots, and the staffing and the specialists available within the MTF.    Outside of those areas of concentration, then, perhaps more of the care is provided through military outpatient clinics--so on a post, base, or camp there would be an outpatient clinic with no inpatient capability and inpatient services would be provided on the economy.    And then to address the Guard and Reserve issue that perhaps--so that there's not an issue with changing in duty status, that they are allowed to enroll in FEHB or FEHB-type equivalent. Honestly, I mean, previously--actually right now the law says that if you are eligible for FEHB you are not allowed to enroll in TRICARE Reserve Select.    So perhaps, you know, as a broad framework--and again, I know there are a lot of holes in that, but give me your first, you know, response to a system that would look potentially like that.    Ms. Raezer.    Dr. Heck. Okay.    Admiral.    Dr. Heck. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Bousum.    Dr. Heck. Right.    Dr. Heck. Okay. And that is perfect timing on that note, as the bell has just rung, and since I am the last man standing.    So I want to, again, thank you all for taking time to be here and to offer your insights and opinions. They are very valued and we certainly will take them into deep consideration as we move forward. And I am sure you will be back as we start moving forward with the actual proposal.    So again, thank you, and the hearing is adjourned.