    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And again, as someone who attended that briefing yesterday, I would join you in recommending to our colleagues that they follow up with the Navy to get that briefing.    Again, I don't want to just rehash a lot of the comments that you made just a moment ago because, particularly in terms of the Maritime Security Program, it is going to be, I think, an issue that our subcommittee is going to look at with this year's defense bill and for all the reasons that you set forth.    So again, rather than, you know, rehashing that comment, I guess the other issue I just would like to highlight in my opening remarks, and hopefully we will have a good dialogue today with an outstanding panel of witnesses, is the issue of maritime training requirements, because obviously we have got a workforce issue here in terms of kind of refreshing an aging workforce and in terms of, you know, the long view. This is really critical in terms of getting that right.    According to MARAD's own information, the oldest ship in the maritime training program that, again, is critical to training this next generation, the TS Empire State attached to SUNY Maritime College is 55 years old and is expected to end its service life in 2019.    Again, according to MARAD, loss of this ship alone without replacement would cause a loss of 36 percent of the existing training ship capacity needed for mariner education, portrayed ``as a major setback to meet the rising national demand for mariners by the agency in its 2017 budget request to Congress.''    I want to applaud Administrator Jaenichen for his efforts to alert Congress to this issue. And again, we look forward to working with him as we put together our Seapower mark in the coming weeks to make sure that really we give these critical institutions the tools that they need to make sure that changing requirements in terms of what is needed out there are going to be met, because failure to do that is just going to create a cliff that really will ripple through our entire Armed Forces if we don't get it right.    So again, I want to thank the witnesses for being here today. I look forward to your testimony.    Again, I will request that my written remarks, prepared remarks be admitted for the record.    And yield the floor.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the witnesses.    Mr. DiLisio, I rode on the USNS Trenton last summer from New London to Rhode Island, and I just finally got straight in my head what a Joint High-Speed Vessel is, and then you guys changed the name on me.    So it is an EFP?    Mr. Courtney. EPF, okay. Anyway, yes, that is right.    Mr. Jaenichen, I want to again just kind of drill down a little bit on the Maritime Security Program because there has been obviously Congress has been sort of back and forth on this as well as the budget that came over.    So last year we authorized $5 million per ship in our authorizing language for this program. The omnibus then funded about, I think, $3.5 million per ship. And the President's budget comes over at $3.1.    Obviously, you all made pretty powerful statements about how critical this is, about keeping the fleet together. What is the right price point? And is $3.1 really too low? And if it is too low, what does that mean in terms of, you know, just trying to, again, keep this mission going?    Mr. Courtney. It does. So again, just so we are clear, the request that came over then was sort of a legacy request from a prior policy that----    Mr. Courtney. Okay. I will take that as a green light for our subcommittee to revise.    Another issue which again went sort of back and forth last year was the issue of the maritime academy training ships, which I mentioned in my opening remarks.    By our count, this issue has been studied five times going back to 2007 and most recently in 2015 where, you know, it is pretty clear that, you know, failure to act on this is going to create a hole in terms of training those critical positions that you talked about.    So unfortunately, though, the 2017 budget that came over, and I realize you have your, you know, limitations about, you know, what your testimony can be, but it requests $6 million for another study of requirements and alternatives for training ship needs.    And you know, I just, you know, clearly the clock is ticking here in terms of the age of these training ships. And every study that has been done I think has been a pretty powerful endorsement about the fact that we need to move forward.    And again, without having you, you know, sort of get sort of juxtaposed to the budget that your Department sent over, if we don't start--in terms of the timeframe we are in right now with that old ship that is coming off at SUNY Maritime in 2019, if we don't start cutting some steel and creating and building a ship pretty soon, I mean, is it going to be too late to, you know, heel-to-toe to keep at least that fleet sized where it is today?    Mr. Courtney. Well, thank you. And again, I think reading between the lines we can sort of get some direction about where we may want to head in a couple of weeks on this issue.    Lastly, you know, again, this perennial question of the Jones Act in terms of its justification is being talked about by a lot of our colleagues in different committees and possibly in different legislation.    Can you talk about what the impact of repeal of the Jones Act would be in terms of, again, the mission that, you know, the witnesses have to carry out every day?    Mr. Courtney. Thank you.    And thank you to all the witnesses.    I yield back.    Mr. Courtney. Just one quick follow-up.    Mr. Jaenichen, you mentioned to Representative Hartzler a few minutes ago. Again, MARAD is going to be issuing a comprehensive maritime strategic plan shortly. Is that right?    Mr. Courtney. And how many years has it been since the last plan?    Mr. Courtney. And how many departments did you have to run the traps on this?    Mr. Courtney. So about 80 years and 27 agencies. Again, I just want to salute you for your persistence in this and just tell you we look forward really enthusiastically for the draft.    And I want to thank you and the witnesses for your testimony.