    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, for conducting this hearing. I also would like to thank Mr. Rohrabacher and--who is here--I guess Mr. Poe as well, Ranking Member Sherman, and I would like to thank all the members that took the time to be here in this important hearing.    Of course, I would like to thank our panel for being here to discuss the topic at hand--Pakistan. Since 9/11, the United States' relationship with Pakistan has ebbed and flowed. Over the last decade and a half, several missteps have taken both sides into controversy, including instances of miscommunication, competing national interest, and fundamental failure to broaden and deepen the relationship as a whole.    Indeed, it seems that the two countries trend toward a one-dimensional transactional relationship centered along security concerns, instead of a broad partnership that includes trade and cultural linkages, is something that is problematic. However, over the last few years, even the security concerns have not equated to a smooth relationship. While Islamabad has helped the United States capture and kill numerous al-Qaeda members, including several senior leaders in its support for groups like Taliban, the Haqqani Network, Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, these things undermine critical U.S. national security interest.    Further complicating the issue is the fact that both leaders of the Taliban were killed or died within Pakistani borders, and the former head of al-Qaeda, Osama bin Laden, was also killed in Pakistan, only miles from the country's capital. There is little reason to suggest that Pakistan is going to change its strategic calculus.    It is critical that we vigorously consider our relationship with Pakistan and recognize that Islamabad is a willing and able partner in certain areas, while hostile in others. To be sure, accepting this paradigm does not mean abandoning Pakistan altogether. At stake in the region are some of America's most vital national security interests, including ensuring that neither Afghanistan nor Pakistan serves as a safe haven for global terrorists, keeping Pakistan's nuclear weapons out of the hands of terrorists and preventing war between India and Pakistan that could potentially go nuclear.    These interests warrant continued outreach and cooperation with Islamabad. To that end, the United States should consider a more balanced approach when supplying aid, an approach that favors education and economic aid over military assistance. The provision of U.S. weapons cannot reshape Pakistan's will to maintain its militant proxies on its western border, but those weapons do equip Pakistan to challenge India on its eastern border.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today and seeing how we can shape this relationship to the benefit of both countries.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Keating. And we have 4 minutes now before the votes. Sorry.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Because of the time, I am going to just ask one question I think. And it is one that confuses the public to an extent, so it is confusion or it is downright obfuscation on the part of Pakistan.    What is the role of the ISI? You know, the assassinated former Prime Minister Bhutto called the ISI a state within a state. So if you could, just in that timeframe that we have left, quickly comment on what you think that is. Are they a rogue element there that is not answerable to Prime Minister Sharif? How far does it go, in your opinion? You will have to be brief. I apologize.    Mr. Keating. That is great. We can all make our rollcall. Thank you very much for your very clear and frank testimony, and I yield back.