    Mr. Cardenas. Thank you. And thank you, Mr. Chairman for having this hearing. It couldn't be soon enough because this is moving very, very fast and hopefully we will have tremendous success not only to the manufacturers but to the consumers and everybody in-between.    Dr. Rosekind, my first question has to do with the timing. There is so much out there. Some people are saying we are going to see these cars on the road soon in limited or mass production, et cetera. What does soon mean from what your vantage point is? Are we looking at 2017, 2018, 2025? And if so, what is the likelihood of us seeing mass utilization on our public roads?    Mr. Cardenas. Well, this is a very individual matter for those who would ever think of driving a fully automated vehicle. My father 40 years later used to tease my mom how the first time he drove up in a little Model T in the 1940s, she wouldn't get in the car. This contraption; I am not going to sit in it. However, we are talking about today's contraptions. Sorry for the rudimentary description but it is my understanding that because of the interest in ensuring that components of autonomous vehicles are safe from cyber intrusion, some have expressed concern about retrofitting existing vehicles with the technology that would help prevent that. Does aftermarket autonomous technology present cybersecurity risks?    Mr. Cardenas. OK. Now, when it comes to the fully autonomous vehicles because I think that is the Holy Grail of what the industry is looking at and what I think quite a few people on this plant would love to see that happen for a lot of good reasons, but what concerns me is when people try to rush things through and push an organization like yours to just get it done, it is unfortunate, because there is no shortage of people on any given day that would go ahead and jump off of a mountain with a little tiny parachute and think that is the most awesome thing in the world. However, if that parachute doesn't come out, one person gets hurt and they are in control of themselves, if they have the freedom to do so and they did so.    But the issue that we are talking about here today, if somebody actually does something that they find is not risk-taking at all, we are talking about the public roads. We are talking about if something goes wrong it is not just the person who made the decision to be in that vehicle. It is other individuals out there and that is the demand and the responsibility of your department that I respect so much.    So, with that having been said, how do you feel about the resources that you have and the ability for you to keep up with this tremendous demand that the world is saying hurry up, we need to see this happen. And with all due respect, being Americans, we always like to be the first.    Mr. Cardenas. Because lives are on the line, right? Unfortunately, ultimately, that is what it is and we are not just talking about the person that chooses to be in such a vehicle. We are talking about people around them that gosh, I don't know what the statistic is but I would imagine the average person passes up hundreds, if not thousands of people on any journey to and from work on either side of them.    So, thank you for doing the job that you have. Hopefully, we will see Congress, who has the power of the purse, continue to give you the resources you need to keep up. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. I yield back.