    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And you are sure getting off to a great start chairing this committee and calling all these hearings.    Let me, first of all, say that I appreciate this panel and how they have come in from the outside to take a look at this. But I do have to tell you that--sort of no criticism of each of you--but I am very skeptical about some of this, and I will tell you why. I have been here 26 years. I have served on four different committees. I have read reports from all the committees. Every time some Federal agency messes up, the first thing they say, they say they are underfunded; and the second thing they say is their technology is out of date. And they have got more money than any company in the private sector and more expensive technology than any company in the private sector. Yet they always come up with those same excuses.    In that time that I have been in Congress, when I first came here, the national debt was less than $3 trillion. Now, it is $18 trillion. The Federal budget was not anywhere close to what it is now. All of the Federal agencies--all of the Federal departments and agencies, if you looked at the last 2 or 3 or 4 years, we have been doing a better job holding funding reasonably at a level rate. But if you looked over the last 20 or 25 years, Federal spending has gone way up, and all the Federal law enforcement agencies have greatly expanded over that time, and their budgets have gone way up. I don't have the figures here. I came here a little unprepared for this hearing because I didn't know until late yesterday that we were going to have this hearing. And that is my fault. But I had the figures a few years ago that the F--5 or 6 years ago, the FBI had tripled in size over the years that I have been here in numbers of personnel and in their budgets. And I just am very skeptical that the Secret Service doesn't have enough funding.    And then, second, I remember when I first came here that I had a hearing on the Aviation Subcommittee, and one of the main things was they talked about the low morale of air traffic controllers. And that is another thing I have heard a lot of times from Federal employees about their low morale. Well, I can tell you it seems to me the less people have to do on their job, the more they complain. I almost have never gotten a complaint from a short-order cook at a Waffle House.    I can tell you that if these Secret Service people who have low morale, if they don't realize how lucky they are to have these jobs--and I have got nothing against anybody in the Secret Service. I am sure they are all nice people and all fine people. But they need to realize they are very lucky to have their jobs.    When I first ran for Congress, I had a--they had an ad signed by every member--there was 300 or 400 members of the Knoxville Police Department. Every one except seven signed an ad endorsing me. I was a criminal court judge. I was considered very pro law enforcement. But I will tell you that our Federal law enforcement people are our highest paid law enforcement people in this country. Next are State. And our lowest paid people are the local law enforcement people who are out there fighting the real crime, the daily--the day-to-day that everybody wants to fight. But I will tell you that when I hear about low morale in the Secret Service, I think they ought to be ashamed, anybody who feels that way, because they are very lucky to have their job and the high pay that they get.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.