    Mr. Martin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for saving the best for last.    Mr. Martin. Very much so. And thanks to Mr. Kilmer and Mr. Jolly for sticking through this, I appreciate it.    Like many government agencies, NASA continues to grapple with its IT security and IT governance, project management, aging infrastructure, and contract and grant oversight issues. But unlike other agencies, NASA sends people and stuff into space. And so my remarks this morning will address a single challenge: managing NASA's human space exploration programs.    Two recent examples illustrate the highs and lows associated with NASA's unique mission: the successful test flight of the Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle in December and the failure of an Orbital Sciences rocket to the International Space Station in October that destroyed all cargo aboard and caused at least $15 million damage to the Wallops Flight Facility.    Since the end of the Space Shuttle Program, the United States has lacked a domestic capability to transport astronauts to the Station. Consequently, the U.S. will pay Russia more than $2 billion between 2012 and 2017 to transport 26 NASA and international partner astronauts.    To address this lack of capacity, NASA established the Commercial Crew Program, which is presently in its fourth and final phase. In September, NASA awarded two sets of firm fixed-price contracts, a $4.2 billion award to Boeing and $2.6 billion to SpaceX, for up to six flights each to the Station beginning in late 2017. Two years ago, the OIG reviewed NASA's management of Commercial Crew and identified several issues at the time, including unstable funding, the need to provide contractors with timely certification guidance, and coordination issues with other Federal agencies. Given its importance, we plan to open up a follow-on audit of the program later this year.    Apart from the Station, development of the SLS, Orion, and related launch infrastructure is critical to the success of NASA's human exploration efforts beyond low Earth orbit. We examined the Orion Program in 2012 and found that NASA is using an incremental development approach under which it allocates funding to the most critical systems necessary to achieve the next development milestone rather than developing multiple systems simultaneously, as is common in major spacecraft programs. Prior OIG reviews have shown that delaying critical development tasks increased the risk of future cost and schedule problems. While NASA officials admit this incremental development approach is not ideal, they contend it was the only feasible option given their funding levels. Again, in light of Orion's importance, we recently opened up a follow-up review to examine the program's ongoing development.    Mr. Martin. I am not a technical scientist. They were pretty convincing, though, given the scope of the program and the funding.    Mr. Martin. Sure. To support SLS and Orion, NASA is modifying launch infrastructure at Kennedy, including the crawler-transporter, the Mobile Launcher, the Vehicle Assembly Building, and Pad 39B. In several weeks, we plan to issue an audit assessing NASA's progress in this effort. In the companion review we issued last year, we examined the challenges NASA is facing in attracting commercial space flight companies to Kennedy.    In addition, the OIG continues to monitor implementation of the 27 recommendations made by the National Academy of Public Administration in its January 2014 report. Actions taken by NASA thus far include hiring additional counter-intelligence officers, reviewing export control training materials, and improving identity management and credentialing programs.    Finally, I wanted to recognize the NASA Deputy Inspector General, Gail Robinson, sitting behind me, and Jim Morrison, the head of our audit office, and the rest of the OIG team for the significant work that they do. And I also want to thank and wish outgoing Clerk Mike Ringler happy trails in his future endeavors--we appreciated working with you.    Let me wrap with, Mr. Chairman, you asked about best practices, let me just mention two very briefly. At the OIG-level, we are developing a data analytics capability to get our arms around the mountains of data, contracting data, and grant data, that NASA has at its disposal but perhaps is not delving into. We are going to use it to better target our audit and investigative resources.    At the department-level best practices, NASA's record with project management, as you well know, has been spotty at best. And so we have an ongoing review now looking at one of the tools they are using that NASA has touted as improving project management. It is something called the Joint Confidence Level tool, the JCL tool. We are about halfway through an audit, drilling down on a project-by-project basis to see whether or not it is frankly going to stand up to the claims that NASA has made with respect to how useful it is in keeping projects on cost and schedule.    And, with that, we will stop.    Mr. Martin. They often are, the very large projects are pieced out to different Centers. There is an aspect that perhaps Johnson would handle, an aspect that Kennedy would handle or Marshall would handle.    Mr. Martin. Haven't really seen a difference in the way different Centers handle it, but we certainly have seen a higher quality project management on a project by project basis. And part of it is, we find, the experience of the project manager; part of it is does he or she have the flexibility to assemble their own team; and part of it, frankly, is the complexity of the project itself.    Mr. Martin. Right. There are a couple different things going on here. I think the figure that you are referring to there is when we looked at NASA's efforts to extend the life of the International Space Station beyond 2020 into 2024, and NASA projects that over the next 10 years they will spend between $3 and $4 billion.    We question some of the assumptions underlying that $3 to $4 billion. Specifically, I think NASA is using the cost--the average cost, I think is $74 million of a current seat on the Soyuz--as a placeholder when considering transportation costs to get astronauts up to the International Space Station.    We question that because we think that is, frankly, low-balling the amount that it is going to take, that NASA is going to spend on Commercial Crew capability.    Mr. Martin. You know, it is unclear. As I indicated in----    Mr. Martin. Right.    Mr. Martin. Well, when I look at the size of the Commercial Crew contracts that have been let, the $4.2 billion to Boeing and the $2.6 billion to SpaceX. Again, I think there is at least two things going on, probably many more. One, is having a domestic capability for this technology. We have to have----    Mr. Martin. Which is vitally important, right. The fact on a per seat basis, will it be more expensive in the short term? It may very well be, we haven't done those calculations yet. But I think the overarching goal is to have this robust commercial capability.    Mr. Martin. I believe that is correct, yes.    Mr. Martin. Well, again--and part of it depends on how many astronauts NASA puts on each of its commercial flights--I think--and correct me if I'm wrong, crew back here--I think they are contracting for up to six astronauts, but the capacity in International Space Station probably cannot handle that. So it may be three, it may be four depending how many bodies you put in that flight.    Mr. Martin. We have not done that overall estimate. Again, we have looked at discreet programs like Commercial Crew and I will--I am sorry?    Mr. Martin. I think NASA, big NASA we call them, they probably have those estimates. But when we looked at Commercial Crew, I bring the Committee's attention, I believe the funding level for Commercial Crew has been increasing over the last several years in the neighborhood of $800 million this year, and I believe the President put a request in for $1.2 billion in fiscal year 2016. So as far as Commercial Crew, they have been asking for additional money. But my understanding of the budget requests that they have been making for the SLS and Orion Programs, they have been relatively flat over the last, at least, 3 years.    Mr. Martin. Sure.    Mr. Martin. You bet.    Mr. Martin. We have not had the same problems. I did sign the letter, I was one of the 47 Inspectors General to show solidarity, because this was said at length, you know, independence is the coin of the realm. We have not had a problem at NASA. Sometimes we get frustrated, it takes a tad bit longer, but I am talking days, I am not talking weeks or months, so nothing like Michael or Todd experienced.    Mr. Martin. Can I give you an example of where they haven't?    Mr. Martin. Okay. Which is, I think, more important. Like the other Inspectors General mentioned, we make a lot of recommendations that would suggest revisions to policies that may not show tangible dollar results at the time but hopefully will increase oversight of grants, oversight of projects, project management.    One review we did a couple years back looked at an environmental cleanup effort that NASA was involved in outside of--about 35 miles--outside of Los Angeles, it was called Santa Susana.    Mr. Martin. Yes. NASA entered into an agreement with the State of California to clean up its portion of the Santa Susana test facility, NASA did rocket tests----    Mr. Martin. I am sorry?    Mr. Martin. Well, no, NASA would pony up the money. It is in the purview of the California Department of DTSC--it is called the Department of Toxic Substance Control--but NASA agreed to clean its soil and ground water down to what is called a background level, which is essentially like tests had never occurred on it. Pristine dirt, if you will, and ground water.    When, in fact, we found that NASA entered into that agreement and would, if they were held to make that so, NASA would spend upwards of $200 million, far in excess of what was needed for the eventual use of that facility, which was going to be recreational.    So there are different levels. There is background level, there is residential level, and there is recreational level. The recreational level, as an example, would cost $25 million, is the estimate.    Mr. Martin. Those are under Federal law. That is my understanding.    Mr. Martin. This hasn't started yet, but, no, they have agreed----    Mr. Martin . They have agreed, they have agreed under----    Mr. Martin. Correct. Well, to the standards that were negotiated I guess with the California----    Mr. Martin. And so we have encouraged in our audit to NASA to crack back open that agreement and take a hard look at it because it is just spending, from our perspective, an inordinate amount of money to--and there is no doubt that the soil and the groundwater need to be cleaned, but it is the question of looking at the intended use of the property.    Mr. Martin. They are not going to be growing apples out there.    Mr. Martin. I believe it is a bushel of bad actors more than just a couple of bad actors. I think it is a systemic problem. I believe there are 11 agencies across the Federal government that are required under legislation to provide SBIR grants and enter into contracts for this work.    I do not want to diminish that there is some terrific work that is done under the regime, the SBIR regime, but we have seen across the Government--and we do a lot of interagency work with the National Science Foundation and other folks who also give SBIR--we see a number of deficiencies including individuals who apply for an SBIR award to NASA but may put the same proposal before DOD and NSF and are funded by multiple agencies for the exact same research. Then the back end we have also seen where the research that is provided is substandard. And so we have seen a fair amount of fraud in the Program.    Mr. Martin. Sort of on the ground level, we are working cooperatively with other Offices of Inspector General to share techniques that we have to identify for fraud awareness, to identify characteristics that more likely lead to fraudulent use of this money.    I think, again, on an agency-wide level, or multi-agency level, we need to define data sharing capabilities so that we are able to identify when an individual, potential SBIR grantee, is putting the same proposal in to multiple agencies, been awarded by one, but again attempts to double or triple dip.    Mr. Martin. Well, again, NASA, under charge from the Congress and cooperation of the Administration, is working with contractors to develop the SLS and the Orion. Then you have Orbital and you have SpaceX and others that are developing their own private, both if they handle cargo and they handle crew. I am not sure--I mean there are rockets, there are different types of rockets, they can do different things, different purposes, carry, you know, commercial satellites--I am not sure that there is a duplication in that sense.    Mr. Martin. Well, I do not know if it is a solution in search of a problem. We have done some fairly extensive work looking at NASA's infrastructure. In particular, we probably spent the most time down at Kennedy. As I mentioned in my opening statement, we looked at Kennedy's attempts. There is a significant number of unused facilities, big, expensive facilities like the airfield, like the VAB, like some of the test stands that NASA no longer needs with the retirement of the Space Shuttle Program.    And so we are encouraging, and this is the way NASA should handle it, identifying what you know you will not need. Recommission, sell, give out, you know, those, and then if there are some things that you may need but you do not need them right now, look to private entities or other Government agencies to lease or to use so that they can supplement your maintenance costs and things like that. And so we have looked at those issues extensively at the Kennedy Space Center.    Mr. Martin. Right.    Mr. Martin. And we have done work in that area, again, particularly with some of the unused or under-used assets in Kennedy, NASA's process for making potential bidders or folks aware that there is an opportunity for them to lease. And NASA's process has been evolving. We made a series of recommendations to NASA to create that level playing field and that awareness.    Mr. Martin. They have.    Mr. Martin. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Martin. That issue is--I was telling the staff beforehand--that is a puzzler because I have no idea what that complaint might refer to. Now, we do not classify--I am not even sure that I have classification authority--we do not classify anything.    Mr. Martin. I mean, 99.5 percent of what my office does, we release publically on the Internet. The 0.5 percent is if we had done an IT review that identified specific----    Mr. Martin. Absolutely not a clue.    Mr. Martin. Right. I am trying to guess what that may refer to. ASAP, the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, put out their annual report at the end of last year. Where ASAP complained that they were not given information from big NASA about the Commercial Crew issues, they were sort of being frozen out by saying that it was involved in a bid protest or some other issues. But that, again, that was ASAP that was not OIG's office.    Mr. Martin. Not in the 5 years that I have been Inspector General.    Mr. Martin. Right.    Mr. Martin. Sure.    Mr. Martin. We did a specific audit that looked at NASA's efforts to identify first and then potentially mitigate these near-Earth objects. There is a congressionally cited sort of deadline, I believe it was 2020 and I cannot come up with the size of it.    Mr. Martin. Right. It is the big ones.    Mr. Martin. Yes, definitely the big ones.    Mr. Martin. The ones that you would yell, duck, and things like that, yes.    Mr. Martin. Exactly. What we found, in essence, was one individual at NASA who had, I do not want to say sole responsibility, but he had sole responsibility for managing this program and he was completely overworked, and the Program itself was underfunded, and so we made a series of recommendations to increase both the staffing and the ability of this office, and therefore NASA----    Mr. Martin. That was in our September report. Right.    Mr. Martin. 8.6 billion I believe.    Mr. Martin. Right.    Mr. Martin. I appreciate you raising the SCAN Program, which is the Space Communications and Navigation Program, that you refer to with the TDR satellites. We are doing a series of four audits, one of which we have released and that dealt with the TDR satellites, and the problems there, again with many things, it is the TDR satellites that are up there are beyond their useful life, they're antiquated, and it is quite expensive, I think in the neighborhood of $300, $350 million to create another one and to launch it up. And so it is a significant issue that NASA needs to have a certain configuration, I forget if it is six or seven working at one time, to have communication with the Station and other low Earth orbiting satellites.    We are in the middle right now of winding up looking at the Deep Space Network. And this is where NASA has at least three installations--one in Goldstone, California; one in Madrid, Spain; and one in Canberra, Australia--at which they have an array of antenna. And the problem there is again antiquated equipment and very expensive upkeep.    And so while NASA's doing some programmatic things to try to save money, and we think they make sense, there has got to be--there have been cuts to the budgets of those programs, and they had a replacement cycle, an upgrade cycle and those upgrades and replacements are slipping behind, and that is obviously critical.    It makes no sense to spend billions and billions of dollars to send, you know, robotic missions out well beyond low-Earth orbit if you cannot communicate with them because you cannot receive the wealth of information they are sending back. So it is a very serious issue.    Mr. Martin. It is inconsistent project management. And we have seen that, in fact, we put a--it was kind of an unusual audit for us. Usually when you go in and audit, there is a discreet issue, you drill down, look for money issues, look for fraud, waste, abuse, things like that. We did a piece about two and a half years ago that looked at NASA's historic issues with keeping its big projects on cost and on schedule, and I commend that to the committee and to the public.    Several themes emerge from that, in particular, that there is a mind set, certainly historically, at NASA that as long as the project works at the end of the road--and that road may be many years beyond at a much higher dollar than what was promised--all sins will be forgiven leading up to that point. Hubble Space Telescope did, in fact they call it the Hubble Philosophy, it is not a term that I coined. That Hubble produces extraordinary pictures, and we are very thankful to have that. But at what cost?    If you look at the rather tortured development of the Hubble Space Telescope, including post launch, it was well over budget and well over time. But all those things are forgiven because it produces beautiful pictures. And so it is the discipline, I think, that NASA needs to insist in its project management.    Mr. Martin. Sure.    Mr. Martin. Right. I think NASA has complied, they have identified and notified this subcommittee and the Congress when they have had any kind of communication or any travel related to China. I would cite two other issues, one I mentioned in the testimony, NASA's follow-up on the 27 recommendations issued by NAPA, they have taken the recommendations quite seriously and so they are moving down the road there.    Another area that my office has done extensive work in is in IT security. So you brought your point out, it is a concern to have any foreign national, improperly at a NASA center. Frankly I think the larger concern is the penetration of NASA's IT network and IT security, by not only the Chinese but other foreign and domestic hackers.    Mr. Martin. Yes, it was shocking when we looked at this. NASA maintains more than half of all the civilian non-military Websites. I had no idea. One agency maintains over--in fact, they had 1,500 when we began the audit, by the end of the audit they had reduced to 1,200 and they are still working.    And what that does, as you can imagine, it just provides--the target area is just so rich, it is so wide open. Part of the reason NASA has so many is because of its statutory mandate to share the results of its research. So they are speaking to the public, they are speaking with researchers, they are allowing ways for NASA employees into NASA systems. So maintaining proper IT security is an incredibly important issue, and our office has done a ton of work in that area.    Mr. Martin. I am satisfied that they appreciate the gravity of the situation. Am I satisfied that NASA is where they need to be with IT security? Absolutely not. And partly what the fundamental root of NASA's IT security problem is the broader IT governance concerns.    NASA, up until I would say a year or two ago, fundamentally they were run--the IT governance was decentralized, run center by Center. NASA's CIO had control over only 11 percent of the Agency's $1.5 billion IT spend each year. The agency CIO, 11 percent. The programs, the missions, controlled 63 percent, and the Centers controlled the rest of that.    Now, you talk about the Appropriations Committee shaking the, you know, the stick, that is the stick, you are writing the checks at the end of the day. Well, if the CIO doesn't control the checkbook at NASA, it is very difficult. He could be as persuasive as possible, but he is not holding the checkbook. So I still have concerns about, significant concerns, about NASA's IT governance. Do they get it? Are they heading in the right direction? Absolutely.    Mr. Martin. I believe at the point these foreign nationals were not, I think they were actually NASA employees at the time. NASA goes through--and I think the government goes through--before you bring a foreign national on they have to pass varying levels of background checks.    Mr. Martin. Yes. The requirement is, if the contract is through the university they need to go through these background checks.    Mr. Martin. Sure.    Mr. Martin. Okay. We can chat with you and your staff on that.    Mr. Martin. I look forward to the opportunity.    Mr. Martin. Absolutely.    Mr. Martin. Right.    Mr. Martin. Thank you.