    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, ma'am. I just want to thank the Congress actually for Sandy supplemental funds that really enabled us to accelerate a lot of development activity that answered the call for mitigation efforts so things like aircraft data, we are now receiving additional aircraft data as a result of those funds. They are flowing into our system. They are being processed. So that is one example.    Getting back to, you know, the responsibility, since the very beginning of discussions of the mitigation activities, the individual line offices--I am the representative for the Weather Service but I have been meeting with my colleagues in the other line offices in NOAA on a weekly basis to discuss the various projects within the line offices and how they complement and work together with each other and execute, and as Dr. Volz said, we report to our AAs on a monthly basis and up to the Director of Operations on a quarterly basis and report to the Hill as well on a quarterly basis.    Mr. Murphy. I will take the first stab and let Sandy back me since he has really got the expertise here, but there is always a need for more computing power. Right now we got a real shot in the arm and a big leap in our operational supercomputing and now there is a need to keep balance between the research computing and the operational computing, and so with all the supercomputing we have right now, we are going from 700 teraflops to 500 petaflops, and I know that doesn't mean anything to anybody other than it is a huge jump in capability, and when you look at that five, that five has to be split between the primary system and the backup system if you have true operational computing so that you never have a down time, so that all went on----    Mr. Murphy. I am unaware of actually a study that has done exactly what you are asking, but as Representative Bonamici said earlier, I think it was, you know, the benefit is $31.5 billion, and there is impacts to not only aviation but to many different societal benefit areas of society, and as you lose confidence in those forecasts, you are less likely to make decisions that reap the benefits. So it is sort of a how bad does it get before you can really quantify the impact.    Mr. Murphy. We are closing the gap. It is very close. You know, we are talking about--the way the world measures the performances on a 500-millibar root mean error doesn't mean anything to us on the surface of the Earth, but that is the standard, and we are--you know, what separates us is a few percent, and so we are very close.    Mr. Murphy. I just looked at the statistics the day before yesterday, and we were number three, not to argue with anybody who said we were number four earlier, but it is that close that it changes pretty routinely given a weather scenario.    Mr. Murphy. Without a doubt, it is in the top 10. All the studies around the world show that depending on which one you look at, it is number four, five or six. So it is very significant. Radio occultation falls right behind the microwave and IR sounders.    Mr. Murphy. Yes, I think it would come up. That is an interesting aspect that the more you get in--I think we know that 5,000 or 10,000, you get a big improvement and it just goes right on, 20,000 or 30,000, so it would help.    Mr. Murphy. Just add that we procure mesonet data, lightning data, aircraft data. We are in the process of exploring other data sources, data buys, and as Dr. Volz said, typically the providers don't want to share their data openly but it is a local--more of a local effect.    Mr. Murphy. As I said earlier, the aircraft data is flowing. We have several other projects that are not matured yet. We have improved data assimilation, which will be completed first quarter of 2016, and we have some improved modeling capabilities that are also coming in early in 2016. So really, all we have completed thus far as far as gap mitigation has been the studies to demonstrate the impact and the aircraft data which was--it is not--none of the mitigation steps that I have seen anywhere completely mitigate the loss of the satellite.    I would remind you that we do have legacy satellites up there, the earlier NOAA satellites and the earlier science missions at this time, so it wouldn't be like we would lose all the satellites if it went out right now.