    Dr. Morgan. Good morning. And thanks very much to Chairman Smith, Loudermilk, and Weber, and Ranking Members Johnson, Beyer, and Grayson for the opportunity to testify today.    As you heard, my name is Granger Morgan. I'm a professor at Carnegie Mellon, where I work on issues in engineering and public policy, including issues in the power system, often with the National Academy of Sciences, of which I'm a member.    Unlike food and water, none of us consume electricity directly. Rather, we consume the services that electricity makes possible, and those services have become ever more critical to the safe, effective, and productive functioning of our lives as individuals and to our society and hence also to our national security.    Today, I'll talk about three things: 1) Strategies to avoid physical disruption of the power system; 2) Strategies to speed the process of putting the system back together after physical disruption; and 3) Strategies to assume the continued provision of critical social services when grid electricity is not available.    Because the power system is spread out across the landscape, it's inherently vulnerable to both natural and intentional physical damage. In addition to space weather, natural hazards include wildfires, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, and ice storms.    We all know about the devastation that Hurricanes Sandy and Katrina caused to the power system. Ice storms can be equally devastating. The 1998 ice storm in Quebec and Ontario is a vivid illustration of the power system's vulnerability to natural hazards. It collapsed miles of high-voltage power lines blacking out over 2-1/2 million customers in Canada and the United States, caused damages of over $2-1/2 billion, involved 28 deaths in Canada and 17 in the United States, and left some people without power in the dead of winter for many weeks.    Of course, we can't avoid hurricanes and ice storms but we can make the high-voltage power system much more resilient. Twenty-five years ago, a report by the Congressional Office of Technology Assessment noted that the power system is vulnerable to attackers using ``just high-powered rifles.'' A terrorist organization that wanted to cause a massive disruption to the U.S. power system could order rifles and armor-piercing bullets on the internet, place sharpshooters in the back of station wagons like the 2002 Washington snipers, and from a distance put holes in carefully selected sets of critical high-voltage power transformers. The 2013 rifle attack on the 500 kV substation in Congresswoman Lofgren's district vividly illustrates the risk.    In a National Academy report I chaired on terrorism and the power system, we recommended replacing chain-link fences that surrounded many large substations with robust and opaque barriers, as well as a variety of other steps to limit access, increase security, and to harden the system. Progress has been made, but more is needed.    Our Academy report also recommended that the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Energy develop a stockpile of emergency replacement transformers, an idea first studied years ago by EPRI. Between 2012 and 2014, DHS demonstrated this idea, but there's an urgent need to move beyond demonstration to implement a stockpile.    Earlier this month, Paul Parfomak at CRS prepared an excellent report on power transformers and I urge the Committee to give his comprehensive summary a careful reading.    The power industry is well organized to deal with damage from a range of normal disasters. However, there's a need to better address recovery from larger events. In my written testimony I've elaborated on options and on efforts by several groups to reduce vulnerabilities.    Equally important, the nation should take steps to assure that critical social services can continue to operate when the power system goes down, whatever the cause. Key strategies include: LED traffic lights with solar cell and battery backup so that traffic doesn't snarl and block emergency vehicles in key transportation corridors; more systematic and reliable use of backup generators; cell phone and other communication systems that will remain intact and continue to operate not just for hours but for days; and greater use of smart meters and microgrids to allow local islands of power to continue to support key social services.    I've run two meetings at the National Academy on power system resilience, the more recent under the auspices of the Resilient America Roundtable that I chair. Web addresses for the video of those meetings are provided in my written testimony.    Thanks very much for your attention.    Dr. Morgan. Well, on the cyber issue, I mean your comment about interconnecting to the internet of course was critical. You might think in terms of not so much of specific equipment but in terms of architectures or system designs because that's the big issue. I mean if I do silly things like have wireless systems in substations that somebody from the outside can hack or if I have an internet connection for my SCADA, then I'm just sort of asking for problems.    I might say one other thing on the cyber issue, and that is I know how to really cause a lot of disruption and inconvenience with cyber attacks. There haven't actually been any successful ones that I'm aware of, but I don't know how to cause large-spread physical damage.    In contrast to the sort of thing that Dr. Baker was talking about or the sort of physical events that I was describing, which could, you know, if we got caught without appropriate preparation, could result in disruptions that came--that lasted for months or maybe longer----    Dr. Morgan. --as opposed to, you know, days or weeks, which a cyber attack clearly could cause.    Dr. Morgan. Yeah, they're burying lower-voltage power lines. You're not likely to want to bury 500 and 765 kV transmission lines or the DC (direct current) lines that come down from La Grande in Quebec. But you can do things like build more robust towers. I mean one of the problems in the Quebec example that I gave was that there was a lot of collapsing of towers, and actually California has passed legislation that says that every so many towers you've got to put a robust tower that can--that won't collapse. I mean it's much cheaper to build towers that are just guide and held up by the wires but then you can get a domino collapse.    So there are things like that you can do. They cost a bit more and you have to find regulatory strategies to pay for it, but the California example is one case where it's been done.    Dr. Morgan. Well, it's a matter of cost. I mean you can put a 500 kV line underground. I mean we run 500 kV lines across things like, you know, oceans with--    Dr. Morgan. --cables but it's really expensive, and so--    Dr. Morgan. I'm saying--I'm not saying you can't do it--    Dr. Morgan. --I'm saying it's excluded.    Dr. Morgan. On the issue of EMP, he's right. I could take out a substation with a small homemade EMP device. And I could also take--    Dr. Morgan. Something that would fit in the back of a pickup truck.    Dr. Morgan. Well, yeah, I mean if you want to think of it that way.    Dr. Morgan. On the other hand, you know, I could also take it out with a rifle, and so it's not clear to me that EMP--    Dr. Morgan. --is the sensible--    Dr. Morgan. Yeah.    Dr. Morgan. Right, in a big steel box.    Dr. Morgan. Well, that's one of the things that's being talked about. Another thing, of course, that's being talked about is--I mean, you know, you can buy armor-piercing bullets on the internet, and so it's--there is--you really have to make it quite a bit thicker. But the other thing I can do is things like simply making it hard to see from the outside.    Dr. Morgan. I mean at the moment--    Dr. Morgan. --it's behind a chain-link fence.    Dr. Morgan. Yeah, but that one's easier to fix. It's if I actually fry the transmitter--    Dr. Morgan. May I say one last thing, and that is if I'm a terrorist and I have a nuclear weapon, it seems most unlikely I'm going to use it to do an EMP. You know, unfortunately, it's true. I'm going to put it in a major metropolitan area.    Yeah.    Dr. Morgan. Exactly. And EMP at that point is the last of our worries.    Dr. Morgan. Well, I certainly agree with that assessment. I would say one other thing first, which is the blackouts that most of us experience on an annual basis are not caused by the sort of large-scale blackouts that you just described but they're caused by, you know, people crashing their truck into a utility pole or a branch coming down on a line in a thunderstorm or something like that.    For the big ones that you did discuss, there are obviously several things one can do. One needs much better training and supervisory controls so that you don't take steps that put the system into a vulnerable state. And there's a lot of research going on at DOE and elsewhere and within the industry on how to provide better control and also how to better train operators. Up until recently, it's been really hard to analyze the dynamic flows in a power system in real-time. Computers are getting to the point that you can get close to doing that. The strategy in the past has been think of all the contingencies that could override arise, analyze them all and figure out what I ought to do in each of those cases, and keep people prepared to move on those things. So the answer is, yes, there's a lot that can be done and much of it is being done.    Dr. Morgan. Better supervisory status control, that is knowing what--how close to the edge I am and what my vulnerabilities are so if an event does--I mean all of these things are triggered by some event like, you know, an operator making a mistake or an ice storm or a flood or something, but I need to know what the status of the system is and have operators prepared to back off or do other things to take contingency--or to consider contingencies.    Up until recently we've always used the sort of N minus 1 rule, that is the rule that if one thing goes, the system ought to continue to operate okay. And we're getting sufficiently tight in terms of the capacity with which we're stressing the system that probably that's not a sufficiently conservative rule anymore and so people need to do analysis to figure out where they are at and what sorts of failures could cause what kinds of problems.    Dr. Morgan. No, there are--it's not basically ad hoc. There are serious research programs at a number of the national labs like PNNL and EPRI and others on the industry side are also actively engaged in this sort of work. This is an issue that the industry really does understand and is working hard to address.    I might say one other thing, and that is that the sort of replacement transformer issue that I mentioned addresses not just the kinds of destruction that could happen from terrorism or from natural events of the sort that you described but also the sort of thing that Dr. Baker talked about. I mean there are multiple reasons why one would like to have standby equipment, and transformers are just really big and hard to move and expensive, and so we ought to be doing better there.    Mr. Morgan. No.    Dr. Morgan. A couple of things. We were sort of disparaging about the technology in some earlier Soviet fighters until we figured out that the reason they were using vacuum tubes rather than solid state was precisely to be EMP-resilient.    We have an annual doctoral qualifying exam in our department and we used a 2X Carrington event--Carrington event was the largest measured solar mass ejection--as the subject for the exam this past year, and the focus was on the resilience of emergency communication. You know, if you're using fiberoptics and you've hardened stuff at both ends, the fiberoptics are going to be resilient to this, so it really is a matter of looking carefully across the system for potential vulnerabilities. And as you heard in the case of the first testimony, if I back off the loading of the transformers, for example, so the cores are not saturated, I'm far less likely to fry them and I can do other things like capacitive coupling and some other----    Dr. Morgan. --so the answer is there are strategies.    Dr. Morgan. Well, to just say again what I said before, which is to get a widespread EMP from a nuclear device, it has to be a high-altitude burst and it--if we have an adversary that engages in a high-altitude burst, I think EMP may be the least of our problems because I presume it'll be combined with a whole lot of surface burst, which will----    Dr. Morgan. I mean only a major nuclear exchange is likely to lead us to that point.    Dr. Morgan. A microgrid is a small collection of local generators, perhaps combined heat and power systems, which are interconnected and then also usually connected to the grid. The big difficulty we have with--and so every presentation you go to, you'll see--at DOE, at EPRI, and others, you'll see all this proliferation of new technology on the demand side, that is, on the distribution system side. What those don't typically talk about is who's going to own all that stuff. And most U.S. States have rules that provide exclusive service territories to utilities, which means the only entity that can own one of those things is a utility, and pardon my EPRI friends; I've advised them a lot--I would not rank the distribution utilities as the most innovative firms in the country. And so I think there needs to be some strategy to allow small-scale private players to get--we've deregulated much of the supply side. We need to do a bit more on the demand side to allow small-scale players to come in underneath the distribution system to build these sorts of systems because they can provide very considerable resilience in--for critical social services in the event that the large-scale system goes down.    I'm not talking about getting off the grid. And I'm talking about tariffs that are symmetric so they recognize the cost that you impose on the big system and vice versa. When the United States--when the Congress passed law that said I must--if I build a generator, the utility must interconnect me, that was a federal law and now that's true all across the country. On the other hand, if I try to sell some of that power to Dr. Baker next door, that's in most States not legal yet, and so I don't know if this has got to be solved 50 times for different States or if it could be solved once for the nation as a whole in the same way that interconnection for single generators was solved. But I think it's an issue that would be worth your exploring.    Dr. Morgan. I think we're always going to need a grid. I think you're right that there will be much more dispersal of generation but, you know, the sun doesn't shine at night, and at the moment, storage technologies are very expensive, and there are some broader reasons as well that you really want to have a high-voltage backbone. And the wind doesn't blow all the time either. For example, in the Bonneville Power Administration some years ago there was a period of ten days when not a single wind machine put out a single bit of electricity. So you've got to have strategies to deal with that.    On your earlier question, though, what's the appropriate balance between smaller-scale stuff and the very large things? I mean I think you've got to have a bit of both and you've got to figure out how to strike the appropriate balance. You can't go off the deep end and put all your energies into worrying about the rare events that could cause nationwide or large regional blackouts and not worry at all about local and smaller-scale stuff of the sort that hurricanes or others can do, and so you need a balance.    There's one other thing I might say on that, and that is, given that you don't know which utility is going to get into trouble, there is a problem of sort of the commons. I mean no single--especially for terrorism, no single utility can really justify in economic terms making the investments for something like a transformer stockpile. On the other hand, the nation as a whole ought to have it because there is a good chance that somewhere, sometime we are going to wish we had it.    Dr. Morgan. The reverse?    Dr. Morgan. The reverse. We have restructured the supply side. We have not done too much to restructure the demand side, that is the distribution system and the microgrids that might be down under the distribution.    Dr. Morgan. Yeah, battery technology is important, and of course in California there's actually mandates to try to get some more batteries installed to begin to get practice and to drive things down the experience curve. The--I mean and there are a bunch of emerging new technologies. Jay Whitacre, for example, on my faculty has built a company called Aquion, which has a very nontoxic battery that's basically you can drink the electrolyte that could be--yeah, it really is. It's just a----    Dr. Morgan. Yeah. But--and the DOE is--has some major research in that space. Actually, if you allow me 30 seconds to come back to the earlier line of questioning----    Dr. Morgan. --with respect to interconnectedness, solar mass ejections is--are a high-latitude event. That is you'll notice that all of the examples were at, you know, in Canada or in South Africa, but if you have an event like that and it causes a big disruption, the power system is interconnected, so another thing you can do to limit the propagation of a problem is to be concerned about how do you avoid propagating disturbances if you take out, say, the power system across the northern tier of the United States and Canada? How do you avoid that then subsequently propagating through the rest of the Eastern interconnect or the Western interconnect? More likely, the Eastern interconnect given the geology. I'm sorry. Go ahead.    Dr. Morgan. Well, I mean I mentioned Jay Whitacre. That work has largely been supported with venture monies, and so you want to make sure that you continue to provide a hospitable environment for those sorts of investments. But I think almost anybody today who has a really good battery idea and has begun to demonstrate it in the laboratory isn't going to have a lot of problems finding substantial capital to build a firm.    Dr. Morgan. Yes. I mean it's clear there is no one-size-fits-all. As we restructure the system, we're going to need a portfolio of strategies and technologies, and support for the critical issues all across that space are important.    The Office of Electricity at the DOE has, for reasons I've never quite understood, long been rather neglected and has been modestly funded, and so that would be one place to start. And I don't know why it is, but OMB has always often sort of neglected it as well. I think that's a mistake and I think that this committee maybe ought to explore that or these committees ought to maybe--subcommittees should explore it a bit more.