    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, gentlemen, for being here this morning. I wanted to ask about several policies related to keeping the financial system safe.    Professor Johnson, in 2011, you published an article in the New York Times leading up to the financial crisis. Some bankers, and I quote, you wrote, understood, to a large degree, what they and their companies were doing, and they kept it up until the last minute and in some cases beyond because of the incentives they might receive.    Could you explain what you meant by this?    Ms. Plaskett. So those risks that they took at the largest financial institutions that you're speaking about, and the bank executives of those institutions, are they still incentivized in the same manner that they were at that time, and what is their incentives today to act in the best interest of the Nation?    Ms. Plaskett. So those systemic issues that you're discussing and the risks that banks are willing to take, and particularly, the bank executives in making those risks, do you believe that the FDIC should look at compensation and the compensation models that these banks have in their application process to determine what potential risk that the bank and its executives might make in their decisionmaking because of the compensation that they receive based upon those risks?    Ms. Plaskett. As a lawyer, I guess the living will piece sounds really interesting to me.    But Chairman Gruenberg, could you explain to me how the compensation models might play and how you evaluate that in determining the applications of banks in terms of would the compensation model show that an executive would be willing to take on more risk because the output to them, in terms of compensation, would be greater if there is a greater risk?    Ms. Plaskett. Sure, but you're determining that. You're determining the insurance deposit would let us know that, hey, they need greater insurance because you view them at a greater risk than others would.    Ms. Plaskett. So because it's my belief that the compensation models must be--and I'm glad to understand, in consideration by the FDIC in terms of how much deposit do you believe that they should have or what is the insurance compensation that's needed, and I'm thankful for the information that you've given us.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I've run out of time. I yield back.