    Ms. Gordon. Chairman Kline, Chairman Rokita, Ranking Member Fudge, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    For decades, compliance with supplement not supplant was tested by looking at each individual Title I expenditure. When this rule was in place, in 2014, in the course of my academic research, I interviewed district Title I managers across four States and found that compliance, not the effective use of funds, was their central concern. But despite their concern and attention to compliance, administrators were confused about what was and was not legal. What districts did understand was that Title I should only support extra things that were different from the core curriculum.    This led to districts purchasing staff or services with Title I that were often unaligned with a core curriculum because they were easy to audit under the old rule rather than because of student needs.    Meanwhile, research suggests that effective school improvement requires comprehensive strategies and alignment to good curriculum, not an assortment of add-ons.    The problems with the old supplement not supplant rule have been around and documented by researchers since the 1970s. When it looked like reauthorization of ESSA might be possible in 2012, the left-leaning Center for American Progress, Mr. Sargrad's organization, and the right-leaning American Enterprise Institute jointly published recommendations describing how supplement not supplant should be fixed.    CAP and AEI stated that the test currently in use should be replaced, and I quote, ``with a simpler, more objective test, specifically: if districts can document that the manner in which they allocate state and local resources to schools is ``Title I neutral,'' they should be clear of suspicion around supplanting of nonfederal funds with Title I dollars.''    ESSA's new supplement not supplant test follows those recommendation and transforms what was already an option for schoolwide programs under No Child Left Behind and makes it the compliance standard for all Title I schools.    As Ranking Member Fudge noted, ESSA absolutely does not waive the requirement to supplement not supplant. It is just the opposite; that language in the statute itself contains a compliance standard which could set an auditable test for supplement not supplant.    The standard as presented in plain language, which may contribute to very common misperceptions that the law has no test and without regulation supplement not supplant, cannot be enforced. In short, districts have to explain how they are funding their schools and show that this method ensures that each Title I school receives all of the State and local funds it would have if it did not participate in Title I.    In July 2015, the department itself explained how a district could pass such a test for its schoolwide schools. The language of ESSA simply expands the schoolwide approach to supplement not supplant under No Child Left Behind to all Title I schools.    The department's proposed rule takes an entirely different approach to supplement not supplant than the statute's language or the department's own previous guidance on the topic. It mandates that Title I schools get a certain baseline of State and local funds measured in dollars. This approach essentially requires ad hoc adjustments in school level resources instead of a consistent and transparent allocation methodology.    The goal of greater equity here is critical. Mr. Sargrad's testimony highlights how high the stakes are on getting equity right, but the department's approach does not get it right. It has major potential negative policy and practical implications, including districts needing to cut entire programs, like music, art, or PE, in order to get the money they need to make the numbers come out right; putting more expensive but less effective teachers into Title I schools; the potential to reduce local support for public schools and the taxes that support them; the possible loss of State and local funds for low-income schools that do not participate in Title I, and there are many of these schools.    I just want to briefly turn to the cost-benefit analysis the department has offered and state this is a superficial analysis, and the data it is based on are not reliable. The department does not know and cannot know how districts will respond to the rule. This is the whole issue, how will districts respond, and that is what will determine the cost and the benefits to students.    ESSA also contains a critically important new reporting provision that requires districts to report per pupil spending data at the school level. This will result in much greater transparency, but it will take time to implement.    The department should help districts develop good transparent systems that generate reliable spending information rather than proposing a complicated rule that could hurt the very students it aims to help.    Ms. Gordon. It is changing the direction. It is much more specific than its previous guidance.    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. Not that I can imagine, no.    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. The Center for American Progress did, yes.    Ms. Gordon. The comparability proposal?    Ms. Gordon. Yes.    Ms. Gordon. No.    Ms. Gordon. No.    Ms. Gordon. No.    Ms. Gordon. It adopted the CAP/AEI recommendation about having a methodology based test of supplement, not supplant.    Ms. Gordon. No.    Ms. Gordon. I could just add to that, the districts where there are differences, it may not be apparent because they may have similar staffing, so you may see schools within a district that all have relatively similar teacher/people ratios, and what is driving the differences is largely the teacher salaries.    Ms. Gordon. Yes, that is what is driving the difference, pay scale.    Ms. Gordon. Many districts do not have dollars at the school level.    Ms. Gordon. To clarify, that estimate comes from the 2013 civil rights data collection, which is now publicly available for anyone who would like to try to replicate, and I have spent some time with preliminary estimates with these data.    I do not question there would be about 1,500 districts who, if you believed those numbers, which is an issue because many school districts in that data collection are being asked to report spending at the school level in dollars, and they do not have the data infrastructure to generate those numbers, so they are reporting something, something that is measured with error, but if you take those data as a starting point, I think that is probably correct that you would find about 1,500 districts that are not in compliance.    What I disagree with, there are not 90 percent of districts who are in compliance, rather the majority of that 90 percent, the rule does not apply to them because they are so small they do not have one Title I school and one non-Title I school within the same grade span, so it is not that most districts meet this rule. Rather, the rule does not apply to many districts.    Ms. Gordon. Ballpark.    Ms. Gordon. I have not tried to replicate that number, but just to give some background on what I think is the methodology because they have not shared details of how they calculate that number, which you cannot replicate without knowing some of the assumptions, I think the lower number comes from assuming that you are just moving the money from non-Title I schools into non-Title I schools, and the higher number comes from assuming you are going to keep all Title I schools the same and level up.    Ms. Gordon. I think what should receive more attention, actually in the proposed rule they discuss how there are 500 districts who are going to have greater costs, and it would be interesting to see their data on what the costs are going to be for those districts.    Ms. Gordon. Thank you. Thank you for your question, Representative Davis. I think this is exactly the crux of the matter is, is this rule, which is in the statute itself, so simple that people do not realize it is a rule.    And so rather than showing - and if you go back to the July 2015 guidance that the department issued when the language now in the law applied under No Child Left Behind schoolwide programs - there was no kind of going back and checking the numbers in individual schools, it was about the methodology.    So this was something Mr. Sargrad described as funds based, but it was really about what is the methodology that you are using to distribute the funds. It could be you have staffing methodology and then you pay the actual salaries of the teachers who wind up in the different schools.    So I would just refer you to that guidance to see how even though it is one plain language sentence in the statute, it is an auditable standard rather than the rule.