    Ms. Rose. Thank you so much. Good afternoon, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Connolly, and the distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you so much for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing.    As the chief human capital officer for the United States Department of Labor, it is my privilege to report on the Department's climb in Best Places to Work rankings and to share our efforts of the past few years.    In 2015, the Labor Department ranked 8th best place to work in the Federal Government. This was an improvement over our 2014 ranking where we finally broke into the top 10. The Department received recognition from the Partnership for Public Service for receiving the most-improved scores for 2014 and 2015. This was an incredible accomplishment for us.    Our ranking and survey results have dramatically improved since 2013. Nearly 70 percent of the Department's sub-agencies improved in their 2015 rankings, and in fact, the Department's Bureau of International Labor Affairs was recognized as the most-improved subcomponent, having improved its ranking by an incredible 165 places.    Secretary Tom Perez has made improving employee morale and engagement a top priority since the minute he arrived at the Department of Labor, and he has continually reinforced his commitment towards building a better DOL through employee input and feedback. He came to the Department with the belief that an engaged workforce is a more productive workforce. Virtually all communications from the Secretary's office now reinforce his commitment to and the importance of employee feedback.    With his vision and well-communicated interest in improving workforce engagement, he appointed his deputy chief of staff, several members of the Secretary's office, and myself to lead employee engagement efforts. The team continues to meet weekly to discuss progress with regard to communications and various workplace initiatives and provides regular briefings to DOL leadership on a variety of workforce initiatives.    One of the most important strategies was for the Department to improve our response rates. In 2013 the Department's response rate was 44.7 percent. In 2014, we increased to 71.7 percent, and unbelievably, in 2015 we increased further to 76.5 percent. To improve response rates, we sent out communications to employees throughout the year informing them how the survey was being used to implement changes.    During the survey period, we sent frequent reminders from the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, and DOL senior officials reminding them of the importance of the survey. We also used regularly scheduled meetings to remind agency leadership to encourage their employees to participate.    Beginning in the summer of 2013, we conducted extensive data analysis and research, which included interviews with other agencies such as the Departments of Transportation and Justice in hopes of identifying strategies that we could consider and implement. Our efforts also focused on our labor-management relations. We worked closely with our labor unions to implement important workplace flexibilities and to develop and project positive workplace behaviors. Where possible, we tried to obtain pre-decisional input and engage in informal dispute resolution, as well as to utilize labor-management forums. In March, unions representing DOL employees were even invited to submit survey questions, eight of which we have included in this year's Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey.    In addition, we've worked to increase communication across the Department. We've held numerous town hall meetings and listening sessions and have visited all of DOL's regional offices. Employee questions are invited in advance and during the meetings. Electronic suggestion boxes are implemented, and we have even replaced those boxes now with IdeaMill, which is an electronic suggestion box and crowd-sourcing tool.    Based on employee feedback we've received, we've implemented a number of new initiatives at the Department of Labor. We have a new policy that allows up to 40 hours of duty time for employees to participate in management-improved professional development activities. We created the ROAD program, which stands for Repository of Opportunities, Assignments, and Details. This allows managers to post opportunities that can be short-term and allow employees to apply.    It goes without saying our civilian workforce is our greatest asset, and we continually strive to increase their engagement. We welcome your questions.    Ms. Rose. I think it's because we're not just listening but we're doing as a result of our listening.    Ms. Rose. You're welcome.    Ms. Rose. Yes, I would be delighted to. The listening sessions which started the whole thing were extremely ----    Ms. Rose. Which started the whole thing, and it goes back to what Chairman Meadows discussed with me. We gathered data and we looked for things that we could do, things we could do right away based on employee feedback and suggestions and things that were longer term. Employees told us we think you could do a better job training supervisors and managers, preparing people to be leaders at DOL. So we built a curriculum specifically to address that, and we call it Leading at Labor. And we just started an Emerging Leaders program, which gives people who have aspirations towards leadership roles at the Department a chance to start acquiring some skills in that direction.    We did simple things. People said, can we have a microwave in the cafeteria? It would be really nice to have someplace to warm our food at lunchtime. We put microwaves in the cafeteria. We did small things, we did large things, we did long-term things, and then we kept telling people what we were doing. You said this, we did this. You suggested this, we're looking at this. So it's a continual dialogue with our workforce.    Ms. Rose. The leadership training that I mentioned is really focused more on soft skills. Most of our leaders are in the positions they're in because they are very good at the technical aspects of the work they do. But we decided to offer a curriculum that really addressed the soft skills, the soft side of leading, how to communicate, how to inspire, how to challenge, how to lead.