    Dr. Lewis. Chairman Smith, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, Members of the Subcommittee, thank you very much for the opportunity to discuss this very exciting and timely research area of artificial photosynthesis, which is the direct production of fuels from sunlight.    Artificial photosynthesis has the potential indeed to be a game-changing energy technology, cost-effectively producing fuels that are compatible with our existing infrastructure, and providing us with both energy and environmental security.    Artificial photosynthesis is inspired by plants except that it can be over 10 times more efficient than natural photosynthesis, avoiding the need to trade food for fuel and producing a fuel unlike lignocellulose that we can directly used to power our vehicles, to potentially make ammonia for fertilizer to feed people around the world, and for other uses that they may develop.    Solar fuels production would also solve massive grid-scale energy storage so when the sun doesn't shine at night, we can still provide power to whenever people need it and carbon-neutral transportation fuels, which are both critical gaps at present that research is needed to obtain a full carbon-neutral energy system.    Artificial photosynthesis does not look like a leaf, nor does it look like a solar panel. Instead, imagine a high-performance fabric that could be rolled out like artificial turf, supply that with sunlight, water, and perhaps other feedstocks from the air like nitrogen or carbon dioxide, and produce a fuel that gets wicked out into drainage pipes and collected for use. It's that simple in principle.    Many approaches to solar fuels are being pursued. Some are taking biological molecules like the green pigment chlorophylls and using them coupled to manmade catalysts. Others use all inorganic materials like semiconductors at the nanoscale and couple them to catalysts like ones used in fuel cells. Still others use metal complexes as dyes and couple them to molecular catalysts.    Laboratories like mine at Caltech have already demonstrated functional solar fuels systems through advances in nanoscience that have enabled us to fabricate nanofibers of semiconductors that can absorb light and couple them to catalysts all in a piece of plastic. So we know this is possible, but we need to continue to innovate and perform fundamental research to make it practical.    A full system of solar fuels needs five components, two materials to absorb sunlight, one to capture the blue part of the rainbow, the other to capture the red part of the rainbow to make it very efficient. We need two catalysts, one to oxidize water from the air to provide electrons to make the reduced catalyst make the fuel that we want to harvest. We also need a membrane to separate those products to ensure that the system is safe and doesn't explode.    We actually have all of those pieces. What we don't have is all of those pieces all working together seamlessly in one system where they all are stable and mutually compatible. Research opportunities include the use of high-performance computation to design new catalysts, to design new semiconductors, and to do modeling and simulation to help us understand how to make the system work as a whole, not just the pieces.    Many approaches are useful, and many fuels could be produced. We might produce a liquid fuel directly. We might produce a gaseous fuel and then convert it to a liquid fuel. We might think about a solar refinery the way we have an oil refinery where in comes our solar crude and then we convert it to various fuels as the output using the stained chemical processes that we use today.    In closing, I also would like to make two points. One is that many other countries now have burgeoning efforts in solar fuels. There are large efforts starting in Korea, Japan, China, Sweden, Germany, and the EU. We should beneficially leverage those efforts. We're well-positioned to do that given our historical leadership in solar fuels in the United States.    The second point is that solar fuels is an intellectual challenge that stimulates our young scientists, our graduate students, our postdocs involving nanoscience, material science, and fundamental research and energy broadly to give us better options for energy technologies than the ones that we have now. Thank you.    Dr. Lewis. Thank you for the question. I think we need both. We need individual investigators still exploring all sorts of possibilities, and then we need teams of people because solar fuels is much like building a battery. If you have one piece, a catalyst, or you have another piece, a light absorber, and they don't work together or they're not safe operating together, then you still don't have anything that's relevant in the end.    So this is where you need the teams of people. You need the teams of people to think at the systems level to make sure that we're all rowing our oars in concert toward the same end goal, and that's best done by having engineers, chemical and mechanical engineers, by having applied physicists, by having chemists all at least talking to each other on a regular basis and working toward the same end goal, whether they're all in one facility or distributed in different facilities by videoconferencing is less important than that they all are on the same page.    Dr. Lewis. It depends on the facility. In Energy Frontier Research Centers, and Energy Innovation Hubs that I've been affiliated with on some cases every day, in some cases every week, but certainly more often than every month. A lot of it is in person, and for remote sites, routinely by video.    Dr. Lewis. Thank you. That's a very important question and also programmatic aspects. EERE does support work on not solar fuels but related systems where there's corporate activity such as electrolyzers or fuel cells. That being said, they can leverage that investment they've already made where there's common ground because a solar fuel system just works as a fuel cell in reverse.    So the same kind of structures, the same kind of implementation that EERE is learning from and developing could well be applied and should be applied in translational research to build systems like the bubble wrap vision that we might have for a solar fuels generator to take the pieces that are developed by the Office of Science and to constrain them into the useful sets that are in a system that could be deployed. That would be very important as a role for EERE.    Dr. Lewis. Certainly. Thank you for that question. Demonstrating one version of a solar fuel system is, in our view, like the early flight of a Wright brother is we can get off the ground that we can't fly very far. We need pieces, we need materials that are as to an aircraft a jet engine is to that Wright brother's airplane in the first place.    We need to simplify the system so that it doesn't have many so-called junctions. We need to get catalysts that don't use precious expensive metals like platinum or iridium. We've made lots of progress there, but we still have a ways to go in order to get all of these pieces and we need all out of easily manufacturable simple things that you or I can do in our garage as opposed to having to have very esoteric laboratory preparations of them using expensive materials. And they also all have to be compatible with each other and last for 20 years, not 20 minutes. So we've demonstrated it's possible, but we still need to do a lot of fundamental materials science and chemistry development to get it to be practical.    Dr. Lewis. To my knowledge, EERE has not had a significant program yet in solar fuels. They do have related programs in consuming that fuel, and there are lessons to be learned. They should be trying out systems like our potential concept of bubble wrap that would concentrate the sunlight just like the bubble wrap we receive onto small areas minimizing the amount of material that we would need, and letting us use more costly material.    There are other designs that are much more amenable to reduction to practice that are beyond the Office of Science's typical charter that would logically be built in EERE's domain so that we can solve problems that are problems and not solve that are not problems, learning from experience in a synergistic effort.    Dr. Lewis. Thank you. Two points to speak to on this, one is I did mention that in solar fuels there are burgeoning efforts now, very substantial, in Korea, Japan, China, Sweden, Germany, and the EU, and I'd say either individually or collectively they're definitely on par with what we are doing in the United States.    The second perspective is I'm the editor-in-chief of the preeminent journal in this field, Energy and Environmental Science, and that's a global journal. It's turning down 90 percent of the articles that are submitted so it's very selective, and over half of those articles that appear in this field are from China, Japan, Korea, and our competition.    We still have leadership, intellectual horsepower, but I think we're at a crossroads here, and we need to really understand that there are other nations who see opportunity for the scientific effort, and we have to make a decision as to whether or not we're going to continue to lead, and I hope that's a positive decision.    Dr. Lewis. Certainly it's reasonable to be hopeful. There are various methods by which this is practiced. One would be to de-bottleneck photosynthesis, which is fundamentally inefficient. The plant should be black, not green, to get all the colors of the spectrum. It actually saturates its productivity the tenth the light intensity of the sun to protect itself from radical damage in the shade of the canopy.    There are lots of molecular links in biology that deregulate systems so that they can be stable and reproduce and do other things that a science approach to un-bottlenecking and making plants more optimal for energy conversion as opposed to everything else could be very fruitful.    There's also people and scientists that are trying to take biological enzymes, pull them out of the biological system, and couple them to the manmade systems. And so you can see how a crosscutting effort that would try to take the best of both worlds should also be explored. And this would involve a strategic collaboration between many different parts of our biological, physical, and chemical research enterprise to find the best of all worlds in this end use.    Dr. Lewis. Right. They're both. Traditionally, we called it breeding where we breed crops----    Dr. Lewis. --for fitness, but it would be through genetic engineering and directed evolution toward--the molecular part is the coupling between Photosystem I and Photosystem II. That has to move a molecule, a quinone, and that's a slow process. And so if you could instead introduce a wire, a molecular wire that would move the electrons without moving the molecule, you could de-bottleneck inherent photosynthesis, and there's lots of interest in that, but probably should have much more attention at the research level.    Dr. Lewis. My knowledge is that there are enterprises thinking about manipulating algae, for instance, but not so much in the private sector and the energy companies for certain. And I think it is now left to the government as very early stage maybe appropriately because it is a complex system, and we still have to do research. It's not just taking tools that we understand and engineering them, but it's somewhere in that mix.    Dr. Lewis. I think it's pretty simple. The rate of return and the capital needed to invest in energy systems is typically 10 to 15 years, and when you're reporting to your stockholders every quarter, you can't justify a long-term program to return capital when you have to report everything every quarter to your stockholders.    Dr. Lewis. Absolutely. There are laboratory experiments that have taken enzymes that feed on hydrogen that then convert them with carbon dioxide into selective liquid fuels like isopropanol. And so we have a recent demonstration of that, in fact, out of Harvard that has shown that this is possible. That's an important first advance. We still have to then reckon with how long will those enzymes last. Will they be robust enough to be put into a system? How can we make them scaled up and cheap enough to deploy at large-scale? But there is this strategy of--at the research level taking the best pieces from wherever they are and then combining them into the best system, and that's certainly a good approach.    Dr. Lewis. Exactly.    Dr. Lewis. Probably not yet. Maybe, maybe in some limited circumstances, but of course that's the goal is to get the energy payback more than the system energy put in, but that's certainly where we want to be.    Dr. Lewis. Yes, I'm seeing them, and I don't have time to read every article, but----    Dr. Lewis. --we do see them in many constructs. The wire isn't a wire like we think of a copper wire with insulation. It's at the molecular scale. It's molecules that----    Dr. Lewis. --electrons----    Dr. Lewis. --between these sites in a way the biological system wouldn't do itself. And you really do want a solar converter to look black to the human eye so that it does have a red component and a blue component and therefore harvests all of the sunlight. Plants are not optimal for energy conversion machines because they look green. That means that they're wasting some photons. They had other evolutionary constraints and design that when you build an aircraft you don't make it out of feathers if you want it to fly faster. You're inspired by that, but we know we can do better.    Dr. Lewis. The landings are brutal.    Dr. Lewis. I believe so but not in such an organized fashion as to establish a separate program for high-performance computing applied only to this problem. But there are specific examples. I'll give you three briefly. We discovered a nickel gallium alloy just recently in our laboratory that selectively takes energy-efficient carbon dioxide and makes interesting carbon-coupled liquid and gaseous products. That was predicted by theory before we did it experimentally.    Now, it turns out that the theory got the energy efficiency right but it got the carbon products wrong. They predicted methanol. Well, that's because the theory was done in an ideal surface with perfect atoms, and the real sample we made had all sorts of nooks and crannies and edges that then we have to iterate back to tell the theorists, well, now you've got to predict what the real-world samples are. But they got it close enough to tell us where to look.    The second point is that theory has predicted out of 19,000 metal oxides, 200 that might be stable light absorbers under our conditions. We don't yet know how many of them can made--can be made outside of the computer and exist, but now we're looking there to try to have a guide from high-performance computation into where the experimental work should begun and then refine it. So that would be the optimal way in my view to not have the world just abstracted in computer. We have to build it, we have to make it, and then we have to find out where the theory is right and wrong and then iterate back and forth until we get to where we need to be.    Dr. Lewis. I'll at least try to address the first question. Storage is in my view--I agree with you--the number one problem to think about actually at scale deploying intermittent renewable sources. We have technologies that are reasonable at solar and wind, but if we can't store, we can't have power after 4:00. It's pretty simple.    We should do this broadly. You should think about ramping up and down nuclear power plants fast in certain designs, about natural gas-fired power plants, about demand management, about making fuel directly from the sun, about batteries. There are probably lots of ways to think about this.    Storage of electricity has been realized as a gap since Thomas Edison noticed it in 1931, and we have to solve this problem. This is where, I think, a broad program not just in batteries but in all sorts of technology options that can help us meet load in the face of a dynamically changing energy market are critically important.    With respect to the battery recycling, that solves one problem and introduces another. It solves a problem in that there won't be a rapid recharge of a battery by electricity for a very long time because all batteries have what's called an internal resistance that prevents them from shorting. If you try to charge them up, you dissipate so much heat through that resistor that you would boil all the liquid in your car if you tried to do that in five minutes.    So instead, you swap a battery out with a previously charged battery, and the problem of course is now you have at least twice as many batteries on your hand you have to move around. This again points to what would be a dream solution of if instead you could make liquid fuel and store the energy that way, then you could convert that electricity into stored fuel and we know how to handle that.    So there are lots of things we should be thinking about. These are incredibly important problems and we need to do a lot more research in order to try to make them into reality.    Dr. Lewis. Certainly. To efficiently utilize our researches and our capital, our intellectual capital, we have to focus on the seamless transition of end use. We don't want to be wasting our time making discoveries of materials that end up when they're combined into a battery are explosive and unsafe. We don't want to be doing that with solar fuels generators either.    And the only way you can do that is if you actually build a system and then understand from the system-level what the constraints are on the materials that go into that system, whether it's a solar fuels generator or a battery or a flywheel or any other type of consumer or industrial product.    So to the extent that the use-inspired fundamental research has an outlet into practical implementation, there should be no boundary. On the other hand, there is a discussion about whether or not taking it further than a demonstration and constraining it is the role best served by the government or is that for all best handed off to private industry? And I think that boundary is something that is beyond where the technical expertise--that's more a policy.    Dr. Lewis. I think that's a fair characterization in the sense that we don't know what the applications will be of many of the materials made or fundamental concepts that are supported by basic energy sciences will end up specifically into an energy system in a consumer or in a generator's kind of infrastructure. So that's foundational research, and its outcome and where it goes should be unconstrained.    There are separate parts that are use-inspired that I think should be properly constrained into things that could be implemented and are devoted to, say, using elements that are not so expensive or so rare that you could never actually use them at scale for energy applications. There are still fundamental research questions, but it's constrained into don't give me an answer on a material that I can't possibly think about ever using. Give me an answer that's relevant to ones that I could think of using. And I think they're both important to founder.    Dr. Lewis. We don't see much from Russia.    Dr. Lewis. Not particularly much. Most of the discussions are focused toward solar, wind storage----    Dr. Lewis. --and more use-inspired things that would be true to the energy and environmental science----    Dr. Lewis. --is vital.