    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the witnesses for being here.    USDA's work covers a lot of ground, and given the size and scope of the Department, it is good that we understand the full picture of the work being done in the various mission areas.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses over the next 2 days. The 2014 Farm Bill created some new programs for the Department to implement and administer, and I will be interested in the status update on this process. I am also hoping our witnesses can provide some guidance on the impact the budget sequester will have on farm program payments and what is being done to address other challenges in agriculture such as the threat of the recurrence of avian flu and the devastation caused by this summer's wildfires.    So we have a lot of testimony, so let's get to it, and thank you, again, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thanks, Collin.    The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so our witnesses may begin their testimony and to ensure there is ample time for questions.    The chair would like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for the Members who were here at the start of today's hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in the order of arrival, and I appreciate Members' understanding.    The witnesses are reminded to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements will be included in the record. And over the course of today's hearing, following the testimony of the Under Secretaries, the other Administrators will be here to answer questions.    And, with that, I would like to welcome our first panel. We have Ms. Alexis Taylor, Deputy Under Secretary for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services, USDA. Ms. Taylor is accompanied by Val Dolcini, Administrator of the Farm Service Agency; Phil Karsting, the Administrator of the Foreign Agricultural Service; and Mr. Brandon Willis, Administrator, Risk Management Agency.    So, gentlemen, ladies, thank you for being here.    Ms. Taylor, you may begin at your pleasure.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Dolcini, which FSA and RMA mandatory funded programs will be impacted by sequestration, and how soon will we know what level of cuts producers will be facing, or maybe Mr. Willis.    Mr. Peterson. Mr. Willis, how do you decide whether to use RMA data as opposed to NASS data in the implementation of title I programs? As you may know, we recently had a situation in my district where there was a concern about the NASS county data being used for the ARC-PLC program.    Mr. Peterson. And where there are problems, there is no way to fix this or to----    Mr. Peterson. I understand that USDA has just announced that we are going to allow milk handlers to deduct premium payments from their milk checks for the Margin Protection Program, and I am very glad to hear that. I have been advocating that from the start. But what coordination have you had with the cooperatives or other handlers to alert them to this change, and given that the signup deadline is in 2 weeks, do you think that that is enough time for them to incorporate that into their system, especially for the larger cooperatives?    Mr. Peterson. These cooperatives are going to be on board then and be able to do this?    Mr. Peterson. The current signup deadline is September 30, and I understand that at this point, only 30 percent of the producers that have signed up last year have signed up again. Is that true?    Mr. Peterson. So if we only end up with 30 percent, are you going to extend the deadline to try to----    Mr. Peterson. Are they going to be aware of the fact that they can have a month-to-month----    Mr. Peterson. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Mr. Dolcini, just to clarify, did you give Mr. Peterson a percentage that the sequester cuts might be for this coming year? Have you all figured the percentage yet?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Willis, this provision that was in the farm bill about the catastrophic insurance or whatever it was for poultry. It probably wasn't put in there for that reason, but you are doing a study on that or something? Are you getting close to having that done? When is that coming out?    Mr. Peterson. Later this month?    Mr. Peterson. So that would be what, November?    Mr. Peterson. Did you farm that out to somebody or?    Mr. Peterson. Have you had any discussions with the industry about some work they have been doing with the reinsurers in terms of whether they would be interested in doing a business interruption insurance kind of a thing? Are you aware of that at all?    Mr. Peterson. Yes, but that was a different situation. That had to do with the bankruptcy of some processor or something and some producers being put at risk because their processor was bankrupt. Is that----    Mr. Peterson. That will be in the spring?    Mr. Peterson. And that was also farmed out to somebody, some university or something?    Mr. Peterson. Well, I just had a meeting with some of the poultry folks. If it is okay, we need to get together next week. I need to talk to you about some of the discussions that I have been having with them and get your input on that. If you would be up for that.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you. Mr. Ashford, you had a question. I would yield to you.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Weller, as you are aware, the interest in my district of this small watershed program and the implementation, I don't know exactly what is going on, but I am getting the feedback from my district that things are not going as smoothly as people think they should.    I don't know what you are hearing about it or whether this is an issue of not having enough staffing or just what is going on. It was initially moving pretty good, but now reports are that it is kind of bogged down. Have you gotten any feedback?    Mr. Peterson. So you think 30 to 60 days we will have----    Mr. Peterson. I appreciate the initiatives to improve foraging habitat for pollinators and especially this focus on honey bees. However, many of these plans apparently require the use of native plants only. In fact, I have had some personal experience with trying to plant some pollinator habitat. By doing that the feedstocks are hugely expensive, and they are very hard to get established. I have seen a number of these where they have attempted and the flowering stuff in a lot of cases doesn't survive.    So I guess why aren't we more focused on using non-native plants like clovers and alfalfa and vetch and sunflowers where the seeds are a lot more available, a lot less expensive. It is a lot more easy to establish. Why aren't we more focused on that, and why are we kind of hung up on all this native idea?    Mr. Peterson. I get the impression from the state that they are being told by you guys.    Mr. Peterson. But if you are going to plant pollinator habitat, you are not going to be allowed to plant these non-natives. You are going to have to plant this mixture that they have under the NRCS CSP program and so forth. That is coming from the Federal, right, or from the top?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, very much.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Neugebauer, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I don't know who can answer this or if you want to. But somebody at USDA, I guess the Economic Research Service, came out with a study about the best and the worst places to live in America. Actually you fare pretty well down there.    Anyway, one of the things that Under Secretary Mensah was talking about is providing young rural entrepreneurs a reason to stay in rural areas, which we all want to do. But is it helpful for somebody to publish this map? My county is in the Red River Valley where Red Lake County was declared the worst county in America to live in. It was 3,111. So a reporter that picked up on this did this story. To his credit he came out to Red Lake County and spent 2 days, and he came back and basically said this information they came up with was a bunch of nonsense.    Are you familiar with this, and why are we spending money on stuff like this? I mean, how is this helping your situation.    Mr. Peterson. You better tell the Economic Research Service your view on this. So, when I am back home in August, in addition to going over and defending Red Lake County, I also went to another little town. This one is second to the bottom in the country. They have struggled. They had a flood in 1997 and we rebuilt the town; but they have a business going on there that is just phenomenal. It kind of started out of nowhere, a retired farmer and his wife. And they are booming. They are doing business in 56 countries. They are making some kind of little pieces that are used in jewelry, and they are shipping them all over the world. But part of the problem is they can't get adequate broadband in that community. And I run into this all over the place. I don't know how much money we have spent on this, putting money into broadband and the farm bill, the stimulus. We gave $2 billion to you guys in the stimulus bill for broadband.    It seemed like the money that we spend gets sent out there to overbuild existing systems and does not get out to the rural areas where they are needed. Don Young and I have been working on trying to get rid of the Universal Service Fund, take that away from telephones and put it into broadband which needs to happen, but the telephone companies apparently are geared to the other thing or something, whatever it is. But how are we going to get past this and get these communities, like Ada, Minnesota where I was, broadband that they need?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Thompson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the panel for being here. I have been to the plants and seen your people in action. You are right. They do a great job. I want to focus in the little bit of time I have on this avian influenza which hit my district more than anyplace in the U.S. First of all, I might say APHIS, by and large, did a pretty good job given what we were dealing with, but there were problems, and I am sure you know that, in the process.    So now, one of the things I am hearing from my egg layers is that you have been responsive to some of these requests on the changes in the indemnification formula, but there are still some unanswered questions about what goes into the formula. I just met with some of them yesterday. Is USDA going to release that formula so that everyone is on the same page about what it covers and what it doesn't? Is that going to be released so we can see it? Mr. Shea?    Mr. Peterson. That hasn't been done yet, or haven't you finalized it?    Mr. Peterson. Yes. And then the part of it that has to do with paying for the depopulation and cleaning and all of that stuff, there are some issues with that. And it seems like that is kind of a moving target. Has that been finalized, or is that still a work in progress?    Mr. Peterson. What I am hearing is there a lot of bureaucracy as there was in this current situation, people wanting to go to some sort of simplified method, where it is maybe so much a square foot, so much a bird or something and then to have people being able to compete for that business, and maybe letting the people themselves do the work as opposed to bringing in all these contractors, which might have spread the disease. Are you working on that?    Mr. Peterson. Where are you in that process? Are you anyplace to be able to come out and start talking about that or putting out information on how you are going to do this?    Mr. Peterson. We are going to probably ask you to come up and talk to us about some questions that have been raised there. One last thing. On the depopulation, I appreciate your goal of 24 hours. I think the sooner you can depopulate, the sooner you stop the virus. As soon as the birds are dead, as I understood it the virus does not continue. I think in turkeys it is one thing, but when you get into these layer operations, I don't know how in the world you are going to kill or depopulate those in 24 hours, unless you shut off the ventilation, which has not been supported, and I guess the AVMA doesn't support it. So where is that whole process at?    Mr. Peterson. So you haven't made any--everything will be open then as you go forward?    Mr. Peterson. Thank you, and, again, thanks to the USDA. You guys have really stepped up to the plate, and our people appreciate it.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. I recognize Mr. Neugebauer, for 4 minutes.