    Mr. Kildee. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your testimony today.    I would like to go in a slightly different direction than some of the discussion that has taken place so far.    First, I understand that HUD has begun its preparations for the--as the U.S. national committee for Habitat III, which is the U.N. Conference on Housing and Sustainable Urban Development, is set to take place in October of 2016. And I would just like to take the opportunity to contribute in the development of the U.S. report, particularly in the theme areas of equity, opportunity, affordable housing, and capacity-building. So if your staff could let my office know how we might offer suggestions and participate in that, I would really appreciate it.    I would like to comment on my principal area of focus and ask for your commentary. I worked on urban revitalization as a career before I came here, and particularly the challenges of our older industrial cities.    And I certainly want to reiterate that the challenges in these particular communities can't be underestimated. We can talk a lot about how we rationalize the marketplace and particularly in the housing sector, but I am sort of focused on the ``U-D'' part of HUD's charge in this context. There are many communities for which even a rising economic tide is not sufficient to restore opportunity. Older industrial cities particularly fit that description.    So, knowing that, I wonder if you might comment on, first of all, the difficulty of getting more direct support through programs like CDBG, the Neighborhood Stabilization Program, HOME, knowing that it is going to be a challenged environment to increase resources coming from Congress, as much as I think that would be a good investment.    Has HUD considered any flexibility for CDBG, for example, for those recipient communities that might have an allocation but have limited infrastructure to wisely use the dollars, either through direct support through nonprofits--I know we have the SC2 program as an example. I think that could be more robust, quite frankly. Or maybe even in the case of Michigan, where we had a strong NSP2 allocation, thinking about some flexibility in terms of program income.    And then, finally, if you could comment on HUD's consideration of the creation of a renovation reserve fund. If a fund such as that were federally-capitalized, I think there would be significant opportunity for redevelopment of abandoned properties, derelict properties in our older industrial communities, which I think would leverage private capital soon thereafter.    If you could comment on your thoughts on those areas, I would certainly appreciate it. Thank you.    Mr. Kildee. Right.    Mr. Kildee. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.