    Mr. Manikas. Sure.    Mr. Manikas. Thank you. I have submitted written testimony, so if I could just make a few brief points about Hong Kong, Thailand, and Burma in the context of the region as a whole.    Mr. Manikas. Mr. Chairman, I don't think that any single trend, neither retreat nor revival, defines the direction of democracy in the region.    We have recently seen a military coup followed by a ban on political activity in Thailand. In Hong Kong, the government in Beijing has remained intransigent, insisting on its version of universal suffrage. In Burma, progress toward political reform has stalled as critical elections approach, although constitutional reform remains a possibility.    However, more positive and I believe a longer term trend has seen citizens demand more open and competitive political systems in countries such as Cambodia, Malaysia, and Singapore. Recent elections in those countries saw entrenched ruling parties face significant challenges by a reinvigorated opposition.    In Indonesia, there was a historic change in leadership which could deepen the nation's regional influence as a model for democracy. In demographic terms, urbanization, the existence of a youth bulge, and the rapid growth of social media will also likely increase demands for greater democratic accountability.    One important challenge that has emerged is the restrictions being placed on activities of civil society organizations. For example, in Cambodia, the new election law limits the ability of election-monitoring groups to criticize the government during the election period. And a proposed NGO law is under consideration that would deny registration to organizations that would harm national unity, culture, and the traditions of Cambodia.    In mainland China, a proposed law would limit the ability of local groups to receive foreign funding and would place the regulation of foreign NGOs under the ministry of state security.    In Burma, many NGOs are unsure of their legal status and uncertain of what activities they can engage in without violating the law.    In Hong Kong and Malaysia, civil society groups are being intimidated and accused of promoting American values.    Some international groups which work in the areas of human rights and democracy too have been accused of exporting an American model of democracy. I am not sure why it is referred to as an American model. The people of Indonesia, Japan, Mongolia, the Philippines, South Korea, and Taiwan have embraced democratic governance and demonstrated that democracy is fully compatible with Asian values.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, I think that the response of the international community to the changes that are occurring should be a persistent engagement to support democratic reforms and to assist those who are advancing the democratic process, in the high hopes that the international community will continue its efforts to support reformers inside and outside of government in pursuing the goals and aspirations of people throughout the region who are seeking to improve their lives by improving their governments. Thank you.