    Mr. Rohrabacher . Well, here we are and it is in my hands. There you go. Be afraid. Be very afraid.    All right, let me just note that I had the privilege of serving in the White House for 7 years and I had a lot of experience with the NSC and a lot of experience since then and during that time, with the other agencies of government. So, I have more than just having been here on this side of the questioning.    Let me suggest this. I think that our Government isn't working as effectively as it could and should. I think that targeting the NSC is the wrong target. Having, as I say, experience with all of these players, it is not the NSC that is the problem. The problem is we have a bloated State Department and a bloated intelligence community. I mean after 9/11, what did we do? We made the intelligence community even more complicated, put even another layer of bureaucracy between the President and his intelligence sources. That is what we did in Congress.    Now, the fact is the National Security Council was established so that the President of the United States would have people on his staff who could keep up on the issues of the day. And now there is a debate whether or not the NSC is overstepping its bounds when the President actually engages in foreign policy activities that I guess the Congress or other people or the State Department feels they should be conducting. Let us note that Kissinger made a dramatic difference in the history of this country when, at the height of the Cold War, when it was going against us, it looked like the United States was going down, that he changed the whole dynamics by reaching out to China. That happened secretly. I believe if they tried to do it through the State Department, that initiative never would have succeeded. That would have been undercut and every step of the way, not to mention what would happen if the CIA and everybody else was involved in it.    Let me note also that the bad use of the NSC, what Ambassador Bloomfield mentioned was the Iran-Contra Affair. We had given the contras $100 million the year before to the CIA and then all of a sudden we are going to cut them off. There is a lot of politics being played on that that culminated, instead of letting those guys go, Ollie North took it upon himself to make sure they got money for ammunition, et cetera. So, I don't think that is an example of how things go haywire.    And thinking back, the Iran-Contra Affair demonstrated that the President of the United States has to be a player in these things and has to have a staff that is able to be a player.    Ollie North, also, I might add, when he was there, took it upon himself to reposition a carrier battle group so that when the Achille Lauro was taken over that we would have airplanes that could actually intercept the terrorists when they were captured, if you remember that.    Now, I don't know if we would have gone through the normal channels whether that carrier battleship would force but they at least paid attention when Ollie North called up the admiral and said, that would be a good place to have put them there in case of emergency.    One personal example I remember and I have been deeply involved in the Afghan thing since I was a speechwriter. What is a speechwriter doing being involved in helping the Mujahideen in Afghanistan? But that is the way it was and there was a situation where a general called me and said look, we have to take off within a matter of days or there is a field hospital that will not go to the Mujahideen on the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan.    And these are men who put their lives on the line for us and the Pakistanis are demanding money for our planes to land and our planes aren't going to land. And thus, hundreds of Mujahideen are going to die because we don't have this field hospital that is in the back of the C-130 waiting to go there. Can you do something?    Now, at that time, I am a member of the President's staff. I am a Special Assistant to the President of the United States. Well, if I had to go call up somebody over at the State Department, the CIA, or the Defense Department, it would not have gotten done. I know that. Hundreds of people fighting for us against the Soviet army would have been dead. And I called up a guy at NSC and he said well, we can't do this on our own; I can't do this. And I said look, all I want you to do is take a call, give a call to our Embassy in Pakistan, and they will then tell the Pakistani Government that the White House has called and the job will get done. Oh, I can't do that on my own. You know what? He called back and he said okay, I will do it. Because I told him, I said okay, hundreds of people will die who are our best allies in the fight against the Soviet Union and they will die because you are not willing to make one call.    He calls back and says okay, I will do it. And do you know what? One call and that hospital equipment got there and hundreds of lives were saved. We need to have a National Security Council that can function, that can do that, that can save the lives of those of hundreds of thousands Mujahideen fighters or whoever it is that is in jeopardy around the world.    And isn't NSC involved in crisis management? Okay, the President needs a staff to be there during a crisis. Does the President need someone for policy analysis so that he is not getting hundreds of reports from different points of view? Let somebody be there who can digest it over a matter of days, rather than an hour when the President has to make a decision. No, we need that.    And I think that the NSC should not be decreased and, instead we should try to make the rest of the government more efficient and that is where things are breaking down.    Please feel free to comment on anything I just said right down the line, Ambassador Miller.    Ambassador Miller. On the intel situation, I could not agree more. For my 2 years at the White House, I ran the Counter Terrorism Coordination weekly meeting, the CSG, Lincoln and I got to meet each other then.    Counter terrorism requires a very tight turning radius and that means speed of movement and trust of communicators. You can't do that among large bureaucratic structures I don't think. Eventually, it gets down to does the J3 trust you? Does the head of counter terrorism at the CIA trust you? Do your principals trust you as the first line actors? And if they don't, you can lose that advantage of information which may be stale in 2 or 3 days and you have to move.    On your ability to call, let us suppose you need to call the J3. The problem with a very, very large White House staff is that senior officers at the Pentagon don't get to know the White House staff and they don't really know who is phoning. And you get more stories about the White House called--456-1414 is not a self-dialing machine. You know----    Mr. Rohrabacher. Ollie did make telephone calls.    Ambassador Miller. Listen, I followed Ollie on and Ollie and I traded notes on a lot of stuff. I got to know the J3 well enough, General Scowcroft and Secretary Gates way back then. We all trusted each other. And you could pick up the phone and you could call then Admiral Owens, who was Secretary Gates' military aid, and say Bill, we have a problem and we have to do something in a hurry. Now, Bill knew who I was.    If you don't have that trust, things don't work right and that is one of the problems with having a larger staff. If the larger staff stays inside and does analytic work, that is fine. But if you are a special assistant, somebody at the Pentagon better know who you are when you pick up the phone and say let us move a carrier task group. That is a serious decision.    Mr. Rohrabacher. All right, thank you. And real quickly, I am sorry I blabbed on with too much time here, but very quickly, if you have some disagreement, please feel free.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Congressman Rohrabacher, I just want to reiterate the importance of the structure of government that has worked so well. The NSC staff should be up to the President. The President should have whatever staff the President is comfortable with, he or she, so long as the staff does not do things which would more properly be under the purview of both the American people's right to have oversight and the Congressional oversight and the authorized activities. As long as they are coordinating and operating under the 1947 mandate, they can have as many people as they want--whatever makes the President comfortable--but that line should not be crossed.    The second thing I need to say--Derek has been an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and I was in ISA for 8 years at the Pentagon--the National Command Authority is sacrosanct. There is a famous story in the Nixon administration when Dr. Kissinger called Secretary of Defense Laird and said the President wants such and such to be done. And he said well, let the President call--click. And that is the National Command Authority.    If there are lives on the line and exigencies, if you haven't pre-delegated the authority to the people who are capable of doing the right thing, whether it is the State Department in a Benghazi situation or the Pentagon in a military situation in the field, then that is a failure of policy, but it is fixable. We just simply need to recognize these are the things that have made America work so well in the past. We just simply need to recognize the lines and execute properly.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Chollet.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Yes, I don't ever remember getting a briefing on the threat of cyber-attack back during the Reagan years.    Mr. Sires, you are now recognized.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. Chollet.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well thank you very much. And that means that the President has to be accountable for what his appointees do or her. There you go.    Mr. Perry.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you. He ended it on a different kind of note. That is fine.    But Ms. Bass, you may begin it on any kind of note that you would like.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Mr. DeSantis.