    Mr. DeSantis. Good afternoon, Director Comey. When you are looking at a case like the Apple case, and you want to be able to, as you said, remove the guard dogs and the FBI go in, are you concerned about preserving the evidentiary value that can then be used, or are you more interested in just getting the information for intel purposes so that you can use that for counterterrorism?    Mr. DeSantis. I guess, are there instances in which maybe a company would provide the data but would provide it to you in a way that you would not necessarily be able to authenticate that in court?    Mr. DeSantis. And that's something that the FBI, if that's what you get, then you are fine with that?    Mr. DeSantis. And in terms of the guy in San Bernardino, it wasn't even his phone, and then the owner of the phone has consented for the FBI to have the information. Is that correct?    Mr. DeSantis. What's the best analogous case to what you are trying to do here? Because people will look at it and say: Well, you are basically commandeering a company to have to do these things. That's typically not the way it works. So what would you say is--outside of the technology context, what would be an analogous case?    Mr. DeSantis. In your cases, have you gotten an order under the All Writs Act to just have a defendant, if you have a search warrant, produce the code?    Mr. DeSantis. In terms of, I know some of the technology companies are concerned about if they are creating ways to, I guess, penetrate their systems, that's creating like a back door. And I guess my concern is terrorists, obviously, when operating in a variety of spheres, one of the ways that they get a lot of bang for their buck is cyber attacks.    And so if companies were creating more access for law enforcement in some of these situations, would that create more vulnerability for people and be more likely that they were subjected to a potential cyber attack?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, how would you then provide a assurances, if you are requesting a company to work with you, that this doesn't get out into the wild, so to speak?    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you.    I yield back the balance of my time.