    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to yield my time to the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Collins.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Is there a difference?    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman. I am not sure if my faux pas offended South Carolinians or Georgians, but my apologies to both.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank all the witnesses for being here today. I enjoyed reading your testimony and hearing some of it.    Professor Legomsky, it is very clear to me that you obviously think the President's November 20 Executive order was constitutional. But it also appears to me that while you think the President's action was lawful, from reading the tone and tenor of your testimony and your articles, it also seems to me that you want him to be right.    Mr. Ratcliffe. So do you consider yourself an advocate for the rights of people who are in this country illegally?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay, so people who come across our borders without permission, are they here illegally?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Is there reason that you never refer to them as illegal aliens or folks who are here illegally?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So to the Chairman's prior question, as I heard your testimony, is the issue here really a constitutional one or is it a budgetary issue? In other words, if we remove the limited resources question and issue, does this all go away, in your opinion?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Professor, I think I know your thoughts on Judge Hanen's issuing the injunction. I think it is very clear. But I missed some your testimony. Have you opined on whether or not you think the Administration has violated the APA?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay, what your written testimony that was provided doesn't address is the Government's response in seeking a stay to the injunction. Do you agree that the Government is on solid legal footing there?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Yes.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, can you explain to me, Professor, from your perspective, how our Federal Government is irreparably harmed by not conferring benefits on what they refer to as third parties, what I would refer to as folks who are in this country illegally? Can you explain to me how the Government would be irreparably harmed?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, so the Government asserts, to your point, ``When these harms are weighed against the financial injuries claimed by the plaintiffs, the balance of hardships tips decidedly in favor of the stay.'' I hear you saying that you agree with the Government's assertion, in that respect.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Wait a minute. In fairness, Professor, all of these folks, if they were allowed to stay under the President's Executive order, they could apply for Texas driver's licenses.    Mr. Ratcliffe. And each of those would come at a cost to the State of Texas of $130 per license times hundreds of thousands of folks in the State illegally.