    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to kind of pick up this line of reasoning because it is one of the things that I am very concerned about, and all across this government, is we have gotten into a mode now of the government telling people what is appropriate for them and what is not appropriate for them.    We have a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) that is out determining what kind of financial products that it--ordinary consumers should have, and so now we are trying to tell people whether they are smart enough or not to be able to make certain kinds of investments.    And one of the things that I think is very troubling to me is that the little guys have not had an opportunity in the past to get in on some of these wonderful companies that were started in a garage or in a dorm room or--and so I think one of the things that I wanted to mention, Mr. Laws, is in October the SEC finalized its rulemaking obligation under Title III of the JOBS Act but unfortunately imposed new restrictions on crowdfunding that Congress did not mandate, which could prevent Title III from reaching its full potential.    And the issue there is that the SEC placed arbitrary caps on the amount that individuals can invest in companies based upon the lesser of their annual income or their net worth. The new crowdfunding rules are set to go live in 2016.    As you know, Commissioner Piwowar dissented that decision and so I guess the question I have is, how do we determine what is appropriate for investors? Should the government just publish a list, ``These are things that we think are appropriate for people to invest in and these are amounts,'' and just take that decision away from the individuals?    Mr. Neugebauer. Mr. Keating, do you have an opinion on that?    Mr. Neugebauer. The observation from my perspective is we make it difficult for the little guys to get started, and we also make it difficult for some of the little folks to get in on those kind of investments. And, quite honestly, mutual funds and exchange-traded funds and stuff, people lose money on that too, right?    Mr. Neugebauer. Mr. Griggs, one of the things I was wondering, in looking at market activity right now, do--what--the private placement--do you still see a lot of companies, because of some of the barriers out there, still opting for trying to do private placement?    Mr. Neugebauer. And so is there, do you think, and has anybody done an analysis, is there--does it raise the cost of that capital sometimes to be forced into a private placement as opposed to being able to look at a more market-based activity pricing based on the market being able to go public? Does that make sense to you?    Mr. Neugebauer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time has expired.