    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Barletta and Ranking Member DeFazio.    Welcome to today's hearing about the use of independent leasing authority, on behalf of subcommittee Chairman Barletta and I, who have requested two reports from GAO on the use of independent leasing authority by Federal agencies and the use of purchase options in leasing.    This hearing highlights some of the findings from both of these reports. I am especially interested in the assessment of how GSA manages the civilian real estate inventory and its ability to advise other parts of the Federal Government on leasing commercial office space and warehouse space.    In 1949, President Harry Truman signed a law that created the modern day GSA and consolidated several Federal agencies into one agency tasked with providing workplaces for Federal employees and administering supplies. Since GSA was created, it has grown into a real estate giant that leases over 8,000 property assets, totaling 191 million rentable square feet with annual costs of $5.6 billion.    However, in January 2003, GAO designated Federal real property management as a high-risk area due, in part, to the Federal Government's overreliance on costly leasing. The Federal Government's real estate portfolio was in need of oversight and corrective action.    To that end, the Office of Management and Budget issued memoranda in 2012, 2013, and 2015 requiring Federal agencies to freeze and reduce their space footprint. This administration's sustained efforts, coupled with the efforts of this subcommittee, have resulted in millions of square footage of underutilized and unneeded property being shed from the Federal real estate inventory. These efforts have saved money and have allowed precious resources to be better used to achieve agency missions.    While there has been progress in really right-sizing the Federal real estate inventory, last February the leadership of this committee wrote to GAO asking them to study how agencies with their own leasing authority independent of GSA are exercising that authority. As detailed earlier by the chairman, many of these agencies were not subject to the Freeze the Footprint or even Reduce the Footprint directives from OMB.    Though this group of agencies tended to get lease rates that were similar to GSA, many of them often acquired more space than GSA would typically allow.    Additionally, GAO has indicated that some of the agencies that have independent leasing authority do not necessarily have the legal authority to sign a long-term operating lease. Many of the agencies that GAO have examined are doing a good job, but there is still room for improvement and the opportunity to find additional savings in future lease agreements.    Today's testimony and dialogue should serve as guideposts to how agencies exercise their independent leasing authority going forward and how more effective use of purchase options can lower the cost of housing Federal agencies further.    I look forward to moving on with this discussion.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman Barletta.    Mr. Wise, is it fair to say that agencies that are responsible for procuring their own space tend to acquire more space per employee than when GSA procures space for other agencies? What do you think is the case?    Mr. Wise. Yes, in our review, Ranking Member Carson, we found that in most cases, almost all the independent leasing entities ended up allowing almost twice as much as the recommended 150 square feet per employee that GSA now recommends.    Mr. Carson. In your mind, sir, should GSA be making greater use of purchase options to reduce the cost of housing Federal employees?    Mr. Wise. Well, it is certainly a possibility. The way we view it is that purchase options could be one more tool in the GSA toolkit that would potentially enable the Government to save money in acquiring space for its employees.    In our review we found a few cases where that has taken place, and there are a couple more in the pipeline that could potentially save money. I think as the chairman mentioned in his opening remarks, there was some significant savings for several properties over the past several years.    And so, yes, I think it could be an option that could be useful for the Government and could lead to some potential savings, although one needs to analyze the totality of the leasing environment.    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    Mr. Wisner, how long on average does GSA occupy a building where GSA is the sole lease tenant?    Mr. Carson. How do other governments, either local or foreign, handle long-term leasing?    Mr. Carson. OK. And thanks you, sir.    And lastly, Mr. Reeder, can you elaborate on how PBGC came to the conclusion as to why it was in their interest to have GSA take over the lease consolidation efforts?    Mr. Carson. Lastly, really this time, Mr. Lapiana, would the Smithsonian lose anything by going through GSA to meet their leasing needs for office and warehouse space?    And does the Smithsonian have the institutional knowledge to be an effective player in the commercial office real estate market?    Mr. Carson. Yes, sir. Thank you, gentlemen.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Wise, how can Federal real property leasing practices be better developed and shared across the entire community of Federal leases?    Mr. Wise. Mr. Carson, we recommended in our report that the FRPC, the Federal Real Property Council, is a good vehicle for doing this because they meet monthly. They discuss exactly the kinds of issues that are of interest to all real property managers. It acts like a clearing house, a forum for discussing the issues of the day for all senior Federal real property managers.    That said, we understand that, you know, putting a lot of small entities into the Federal Real Property Council could make it a little bit more unwieldy, but there is another potential vehicle we identified and have discussed during the course of our work, and that is the Small Business Council, which acts as sort of a subsidiary group to the FRPC.    We feel that the framework is actually in place to do that, and that is why we recommended that this would be, we think, an excellent idea in order to bring everybody into the tent, so to speak, and would help in terms of being able to implement leading practices and more efficiencies, thus enabling agencies to do a better job.    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    Mr. Lapiana, the GAO found that many agencies with independent leasing authority often lease twice as much office space that GSA usually allows for office space. How does the Smithsonian allotment of office space per employee compare with the GSA standard of 150 square feet of office space per person?    Mr. Carson. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Carson. No, sir.    Mr. Carson. No.