    Chairman Rogers. Mr. Chairman, thank you for recognizing me.    Mr. Commissioner, welcome back to the committee.    Since fiscal year 2011, this committee has pared back IRS' astronomically high budget requests on a bipartisan basis. This is largely a result of this committee's concerted effort to reduce discretionary spending government-wide, justifiable concern over the implementation of ObamaCare and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and multiple objectionable management decisions at the agency; for example, targeting certain groups based on their ideological beliefs and destroying documents. It is therefore surprising to see that the fiscal year 2017 budget request is $12.3 billion, a 9.3 percent increase over the enacted level of 2016.    There are a number of issues with this request that you have made of us. Three in particular stand out.    First, the bipartisan budget agreement does not allow for a discretionary cap adjustment for the IRS. As you know, this would require a statutory change outside the jurisdiction of this committee, a legislative change that has been rejected by both the House and Senate Budget Committees for the previous 5 years.    If the activities funded by the discretionary cap adjustment are important to the administration, then you ought to operate within the amount allowed under the Bipartisan Budget Agreement. The IRS needs to prioritize spending like every other Federal agency.    Second, this Congress has repeatedly rejected additional funding for the implementation of ObamaCare. I am concerned, as are my colleagues, that the IRS, through CMS, made billions in payments to insurance companies without the approval of Congress.    The courts, of course, will be the final arbiter of that issue, but I can say without doubt at this time that this committee has never appropriated a single penny to permit the administration to make any Section 1402 offset program payments.    Finally, I am disappointed that the IRS requests to eliminate the three administrative provisions that have been enacted on a bipartisan basis for several years. Since the IRS targeting and spending scandals, appropriation bills have included prohibitions against targeting U.S. citizens for exercising their First Amendment rights, targeting groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs, and making videos without advance approval. We are dealing with the taxpayers' money, and these provisions lay out what most people would consider commonsense policies.    Mr. Commissioner, we are glad to have you with us today. This committee takes seriously our role in overseeing the budget and policies of the IRS, and I appreciate your continued engagement with us.    This is the first hearing of this subcommittee for the year. It is also the first hearing of the entire committee for the year. We will have over 100 of these types of hearings among the 12 subcommittees, trying to oversee the spending of the Federal Government and trying to cut waste, fraud, and abuse, as we go.    So, Mr. Commissioner, thank you for being here.    I yield back.    Chairman Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    A recently released GAO study on the 2015 tax filing season highlights just how bad customer service has become at the IRS. That report found that roughly only one-third of taxpayers who called the IRS for assistance had their calls answered. One-third. Two-thirds did not get an answer. The report also showed that call wait times have more than tripled in just the last 5 years.    Because of multiple poor management decisions at IRS, the budget has been either cut or held flat since 2010. Blame for long phone wait times and the decline in customer service is often placed on these budget cuts. However, nothing in the Financial Services appropriations bill explicitly reduces funding for customer service. To the contrary, funding for customer services was increased in fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2016.    Under your leadership at IRS, funding has been prioritized for implementation of ObamaCare and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, and your customers, the U.S. taxpayers, have paid the price.    Since our committee has increased funding specifically for taxpayer services in recent years, how do you explain the continuing decline in customer service, which you, yourself, have admitted as abysmal?    Chairman Rogers. But have you taken money from customer services to do these other?    Chairman Rogers. Stay on track here with me a minute.    Chairman Rogers. Stay on track here a minute.    Chairman Rogers. No, no, no. Let me ask you a question.    Chairman Rogers. We increased customer services funding in fiscal year 2014 and for 2016. Nothing in this bill, these bills, reduced funding for customer service. If service is so bad, as GAO says it is, and we have funded customer service, you say that you have had to use moneys from all over to fund these other mandates, our question is, the mandate we want you to have is to serve the public, and you are not doing that, according to GAO.    Chairman Rogers. Go ahead.    Chairman Rogers. But how can you defend yourself against GAO's determination that only one-third of taxpayers who called the IRS even got their call answered? Only a third of them. Two-thirds never got an answer.    Chairman Rogers. Well, the report also showed that call wait times have more than tripled----    Chairman Rogers . In the last 5 years. Tripled.    Chairman Rogers. And we have increased your funding for customer services.    Chairman Rogers. Well, we want to see the statistics to see whether it is coming or going, better or worse.    Chairman Rogers. Would you be able to give this subcommittee a status report on how you are doing with that in, say, a couple of months?    Chairman Rogers. I am interested in how you are going to change things.    Chairman Rogers. Well, what I want to know, and I want you to report to us on April 15----    Chairman Rogers. And how much you have reduced the wait times for those who call.    Chairman Rogers. Gotcha. Thank you.    Chairman Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Donovan, we are pleased to have you with us to discuss the President's fiscal year 2017 request for OMB as well as some recurring themes in the overall request.    This marks the eighth and final budget request under the Obama administration, which you have been a part of from the very beginning. While we may not agree on everything, I have enjoyed working with you over the years and appreciate your service to the country.    For fiscal year 2017, as has been said, you have requested $100.7 million, which is about $5.7 million over fiscal year 2016. These additional funds are proposed to hire more staff, raise pay and benefits, and for increases in rental and IT costs.    As you know, we are in very tight fiscal times, so any request for additional dollars is met with extra scrutiny in this committee. That is our job.    Your relatively small agency plays a critical role in overseeing the administration of the entire executive branch, and it is important that this committee assess the strength of the President's budget request as a whole.    As you are aware, in December, Congress and the President came to an agreement that set budget caps for fiscal year 2016 and 2017. So I am disappointed, not surprised, that this year's budget request seeks at every turn to circumvent the terms and the spirit of that agreement.    Year after year, this committee has rejected the administration's attempts to evade statutory discretionary spending caps by proposing new and unrealistic programs on the mandatory side of the ledger. And yet, here again, this budget, which you helped draft, shifts tens of billions of dollars from discretionary funding over to mandatory.    If we were to blindly follow the President down this path, by 2020 our country would spend more money on interest payments on the national debt than we would on protecting and defending our Nation. Instead of proposing real solutions to help get our Nation's fiscal house in order, the President has chosen only to exacerbate the problem.    And while I have sadly come to expect the budget request to be a political document, this year I am especially disappointed in two proposals in particular.    First, despite bipartisan efforts in the past several years to increase funding for medical research, this budget opts instead to politicize the issue, proposing the $1 billion Cancer MoonShot through mandatory spending, outside the terms of the balanced budget agreement and outside the scope of this committee's jurisdiction.    The same goes for the proposal related to our Nation's deadly opioid epidemic. Our country loses over 100 lives a day to heroin and prescription drug overdoses. That is over 100 families every day that lose a son, a daughter, a father due to this tragic scourge.    And don't mishear me. I have enjoyed working in a bipartisan fashion with the administration, with a number of dedicated individuals to curb the tide of abuse, to help save those lives and those families. I believe we have made some real progress, and I do not question their commitment.    However, when we receive a $1 billion proposal in mandatory funding to address this pressing problem, I do have to question the sincerity and seriousness of the request. It is unquestionable that funding for NIH and for treatment and law enforcement to fight against drug abuse are important, admirable goals that we all share on a bipartisan basis. But here we have to make tough choices and prioritize, and this budget request is completely devoid of that leadership. Again, I am not surprised, but I am truly disappointed.    And let's move on now to the global Zika virus emergency. The committee has received the President's supplemental appropriations request for Zika. We are reviewing it carefully. But I am disappointed you didn't take our committee's recommendation to use unobligated Ebola and other disease funds for the immediate response to Zika, which we offered to backfill as needed in the fiscal year 2017 bills.    I think you will eventually regret that decision. The supplemental you have requested will take time, will probably get mired in controversy, and will likely attract many requests for additional emergency funding.    We gave you a quick and easy path. You have chosen a much more difficult one that will only slow the response to Zika. And I am sorry you didn't take our advice and our permission to use those funds for Ebola and the other diseases for this immediate pending problem with Zika.    I look forward to discussing these issues with you further during the question-and-answer part of the hearing, and I want to thank you for being here and for your work.    I yield back.    Chairman Rogers. Mr. Director, let's talk about debt. We owe over $19 trillion, growing uncontrollably, several trillions of it during this administration.    People out there are frightened, frustrated, mad, misunderstanding what is happening. And when I try to tell them, look, we have cut discretionary spending in the last 5 years by over $175 billion, and yet the debt continues to zoom. Why? Because of mandatory spending, entitlement spending--out of control.    When I first came here, we appropriated two-thirds of Federal spending. Today it is one-third. Two-thirds is now mandatory, automatic. If you qualify for a certain program, the money comes out of the Treasury. It doesn't go through this committee. We have no oversight.    If we continue at this pace, as I said in my opening statement, soon the debt interest is going to exceed what we spend for national defense, among other things. So it is a real crisis, in my judgment.    Of the $4 trillion in Federal spending that is going to take place next year, we are only appropriating $100 billion, and it is out of control. And yet this budget that the administration is proposing would increase mandatory funding by some $60 billion, either currently funded under discretionary or new money that should be funded as discretionary.    Knowing that we have a mandatory spending problem that is crowding everything else out, the President chooses to ignore that problem and, frankly, only make it worse. He plans to pay for much of this new funding through imaginary fees and taxes that obviously aren't going to happen.    With the President having been in office now over 7 years, we still haven't seen a credible plan to tackle this out-of-control entitlement spending and debt. He has almost 11 months left in office. Can we see any hope that he will make a good-faith effort with the Congress to help strengthen and preserve critical entitlement programs and yet have some kind of a check on the rapid growth of the entitlement sector?    Mr. Rogers. What was the amount of debt when he took office?    Mr. Rogers. No, as a real number.    Mr. Rogers. It was only about $14 trillion. Now it is over $19 trillion.    Mr. Rogers. How can you say that you have cut the debt?    Mr. Rogers. Let me make a correction. I think I said a moment ago something wrong, when I said that of the $4 trillion we are going to spend next year, I said $100 billion. It is $1 trillion of that is what we appropriate.    The rest is mandatory and growing out of control. And yet your budget proposes roughly $60 billion more mandatory spending from discretionary. It should be going the other way.    Mr. Rogers. How did we get from a debt of $14 trillion when he took office to over $19 trillion now? That is not a reduction; that is a huge increase.    Mr. Rogers. Can you take expectations to the bank?    Mr. Rogers. The bottom----    Mr. Rogers. But in spite of all of that, the debt has gone up dramatically since the President came into office.    Mr. Rogers. Well, bottom line, bottom line, the public doesn't understand cutting expectations. The public sees that we owe $19 trillion and growing like a weed, all the while the administration adds more mandatory spending to the debt so that the appropriations process, the people's way of oversight, is thwarted. Because mandatories, as you well know, rely upon formulas and qualifications for programs that automatically come out of the Treasury without it being appropriated. And that is where I think we are on a real, real bad track.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I apologize for being late. We have got simultaneous hearings going on with these subcommittees, and I just left one across the hall.    Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you. It is good to have you here, and I apologize, Mr. Chairman, again for running late here.    Treasury's budget, perhaps more than any other agency, should be viewed through the lens of the President's entire budget request and the state of our Nation's economy. As has been highlighted in recent months, deficit reduction and the reduction of our national debt is critical to our long-term economic and national security interests. The annual deficit reached a high water mark at $1.4 trillion in fiscal year 2009, has since fallen to under $439 billion in fiscal year 2015, largely, I might say, due to the hard work of this committee and this Congress.    Since 2009, we worked to reduce discretionary spending by around $195 billion. Of note, mandatory outlays, including debt interest, has continued to increase significantly during the same time period. If we want to continue to reduce our deficit and chart a course for long-term economic security, we have got to get the mandatory side of the ledger under control.    The President's 2017 budget request proposes an increase of $2.5 trillion in Federal spending and $3.4 trillion in tax increases over the next decade. Unfortunately, once again, there is sadly no leadership in addressing the challenges associated with ballooning mandatory spending.    If we were to blindly follow the President down this path, by 2020, our country would spend more money on interest payments on the national debt than we would on protecting and defending our Nation. This threatens to squeeze out all of the worthwhile programs that many of our constituents care for, from transportation projects and medical research, to housing assistance, and homeland security.    Mr. Secretary, I hope that you can shed some light on the administration plans to address what, I think, is a looming crisis.    The 2017 budget request for Treasury is $13.1 billion. That is a $1.2 billion increase over current levels. The majority of that proposed increase would be utilized by the IRS to implement Obamacare and the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act for program increases and relies on a discretionary cap adjustment. There are a number of issues with this request, but two, in particular, stand out.    First, the bipartisan budget agreement does not allow for a discretionary cap adjustment for the IRS. As you know, that would require a statutory change outside the jurisdiction of this committee that has been rejected by both the House and Senate Budget Committees for 5 consecutive years.    If the activities funded by the discretionary cap adjustment are important to the administration, then they should operate within the amount allowed under the bipartisan budget agreement. Mr. Secretary, the IRS needs to prioritize its spending like every other Federal agency.    Second, I am very disappointed to see that the IRS budget proposal eliminates three administrative provisions that have been enacted on a bipartisan basis for several years. Since the IRS targeting and spending scandals, appropriations bills have included prohibitions against targeting U.S. citizens for exercising their First Amendment rights, targeting groups for regulatory scrutiny based on their ideological beliefs, and making videos without advance approval. We are dealing with taxpayers' dollars here, and these provisions lay out what most people would consider commonsense policies.    Finally, let me end my remarks, Mr. Chairman, on a positive note, by thanking you for maintaining the $5 million increase Congress provided last year to the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, as you mentioned, I think, in your earlier statements. This relatively small office at Treasury does great work on behalf of the many distilleries in my State and around the country which support a booming industry nationwide. This additional funding will help reduce the average processing time of distilled spirits' labeling applications.    So Mr. Secretary, it is good to have you here. Thank you for being here.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Secretary, since we divided off Secret Service into Homeland Security, does your Department retain any concerns about counterfeiting or is that solely with the Secret Service?    Mr. Rogers. Well, I should ask this of the Secret Service, and I will, but I was recently, last week, in Peru, the counterfeiting capital of the world, I am told.    Mr. Rogers. But anyway, it is apparently wholesale big time there. We have only got one person there that I am told to work with the Peruvian Government to try to stop it. But could you check into that?    Mr. Rogers. Well, Peru apparently is the real hot spot, and I hope that you could work with Secret Service to get some more effort going there with the people----    Mr. Rogers. Thank you.    Quickly, Bitcoin. The Office of Terrorism Financing and Intelligence within your Department is the only Federal agency solely devoted to tracking and disrupting of the financial means of our enemies for the purpose of ultimately defeating them, and the head of that office said last year: ``What keeps me up at night when I am thinking about digital currency, the real threats out there these days, we are thinking a lot about     And the use of digital currencies, Bitcoin, to be used by groups like ISIS seems to me to be a real threat. It is an unregulated form of online currency, circumvents the traditional banking system. Is it on the government's radar since it could serve as an ideal placeholder for terrorist assets and provide a way for terrorists to exchange money?    The Bitcoin website, Bitcoin.org, describes the ease with which anyone can send and receive virtual funds. I quote it: ``Sending bitcoins across borders is as easy as sending them across the street. There are no banks to make you wait 3 business days, no extra fees for making an international transfer, and no special limitations on the minimum or maximum amount you can send.''    It is the first worldwide decentralized currency, can be sent person to person without any third-party involvement, and can be used by groups like ISIS to spread their evil worldwide.    What do you think about it?    Mr. Rogers. Well, you are exactly right. And your Department is the leading edge of that effort on the financial strangulation of these organizations. So we wish you well and urge you on.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you.