    Ms. Philips. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and distinguished members of the committee. It is my honor and privilege to testify before you today, and I thank you for your time to hear of my plight.    My name is Bindu Philips, and it is my ardent hope that my story will capture your attention today. While I have held many roles in life, none has been more meaningful to me than that of motherhood. Fourteen years ago, I was blessed to be the mother of twin boys, my precious children, Albert Philip Jacob and Alfred William Jacob.    When my children were born, my ex-husband, Sunil Jacob, and I made a joint decision that I would stay home with them and be their primary caretaker. I was an active and loving mother in every aspect of our children's lives. My children came first in everything I did and in every decision I made.    Tragically, my world, and that of my innocent children, was violently disrupted by my ex-husband, Sunil Jacob, in December 2008 when he orchestrated the kidnapping of the children during a vacation to India. I would note that the children, my ex-husband, and I are American citizens, and the children were born in America, which is the only nation they identified with as home.    Sunil Jacob worked in the financial industry and was terminated by his employer, Citi Group, late in 2008. My ex-husband pressed me to agree to a family vacation to India during the children's winter break. My ex-husband was both physically and emotionally abusive to me, and I feared the consequences of refusing him. I had seen the return tickets dated January 12, 2009, and I had every reason to believe that we would be home in a few weeks to resume our life back in the United States. Had I known what would follow, I would have never boarded that flight to India.    On reaching India, I was not only physically and emotionally abused by my ex-husband, but also by his parents. I was, finally, very cruelly separated from my children with no means to communicate with them.    I could not bear the separation of my children, and on learning that my children were admitted to a local school in India I approached the principal requesting that I be allowed to see my children, and I was granted permission. As soon as my husband learned about this, he transferred them to anther school and gave the school strict orders that the mother or any material relatives should not be allowed to see or communicate with the children.    Unable to communicate with the children, I ultimately returned to the United States 4 months later on April 9, 2009. I literally came home to an empty house. Our residence in Plainsboro was devoid of all furniture and possessions and both the cars were gone from the garage. While in India, my ex-husband had three of his friends strip the entire house of everything inside. They took everything, leaving me with not even a single photograph of my children.    He had not paid the mortgage on the Plainsboro home, nor the utilities, or the equity line of credit, which he had transferred to India, and left me with this additional financial burden.    Heartbroken and impoverished, I had to start from nothing and survived initially on the graciousness of good people. My neighbors allowed me to move in with them briefly, and a local church provided me a car. Shortly thereafter, I found employment, secured an apartment, and purchased a car of my own.    Over the last 6 years, I continue to uncover information that shows how deceptive my ex-husband, Sunil Jacob, is. The investigation reports from the Plainsboro Police show that he had planned the move to India as early as March 2008. He had communicated his intentions to the principal of the children's elementary school, without my knowledge.    In November 2008, 1 month before the trip to India, Sunil Jacob obtained an Indian visa for him and the children, known as OCI, Overseas Citizen of India, that would allow him and the children to stay for an extended period of time in India, since the children are American citizens, and without an OCI visa they can stay in India only for 6 months.    An Indian OCI visa is granted to minor children only after the approval of both parents. Sunil Jacob obtained the visas by fraudulent means, as I have not signed on any OCI application for my children. Sunil Jacob, an American citizen, deceptively abducted my American citizen children and is staying in India, out of my reach, and that of the Hague Convention, indefinitely. Please note, India does not honor dual citizenship.    I also came to know that he has remarried. In 2013, Sunil Jacob's family member confirmed with the Plainsboro Police that the separation of the children from me was planned well in advance.    Frustrated, but determined, on May 14, 2009, I filed a petition with the Superior Court of New Jersey for the custody of our children. Sunil Jacob tried to delay the matter by arguing that the U.S. did not have jurisdiction to hear the case, but the American courts, both the Superior Court and the appellate levels, have held that the jurisdiction was indeed proper with the Superior Court family part.    My ex-husband was in contempt of the court order granting me parenting time over the children's winter break, although he participated in this hearing over the phone. The flight information was conveyed to Sunil Jacob. The Honorable Superior Court of New Jersey granted me residential and legal custody of the children in December 2009. The U.S. court order was served to Sunil Jacob by the U.S. Court and the Ministry of Law and Justice, New Delhi, India.    The Plainsboro Police and the FBI have issued arrest warrants against Sunil Jacob. Please note, in 2007, while Sunil Jacob was working at Citi Group, he was involved in an unknown incident at his office that resulted in an FBI inquiry on him. His colleague told me when I returned that he had an affair with an Indian woman at his office.    Despite having kidnapped our children, Sunil Jacob filed for custody of the children in the Indian courts after the U.S. child custody was filed. The case is currently pending at the Honorable Supreme Court of India.    In addition to wrongfully keeping the children from me, Sunil Jacob has thwarted every effort I have made to speak to our children and let them know I love them. Beyond kidnapping, Sunil Jacob continues to file false cases against members of my family and me in India and is brainwashing and alienating the children from their own mother. He believes that if his campaign for harassment becomes too much for me to bear, we will back away from the quest for me to regain custody of our children. He must learn that this will not happen. He must be held accountable for his reprehensive actions.    My children have lost 6 years of their mother's love and care, and I have lost 6 years of my children's childhood that neither of us will ever get back.    Every day I awaken with the heart-wrenching reality that I am separated from my children that I love more than anything in this world. I have done everything I can think of to do in this nightmarish situation, and I will never give up on my children. Yet I am here because I can no longer fight the good fight on my own. I respectfully request that you, the Members of the Congress, help me to make my voice heard in a way that shall be meaningful and allow me to be reunited with my children who need the love and nurturing of their mother.    Please help me put an end to the nightmare that Sunil Jacob has created for my family. Please help my precious children and me. I do not want to know, and cannot imagine, a meaningful life without them. Please act not just on the benefit of two innocent children and their broken-hearted mother. Please think of all of the other children and parents caught in similar nightmarish situations due to the hostile-minded parents who abduct children to overseas nations.    I am very thankful to Congressman Chris Smith and his staff for working so hard and passing the Sean and David Goldman International Child Abduction Prevention and Return Act of 2014. I thank Congressman Chris Smith for being a champion for the noble cause of reuniting the children and their left-behind parents and for being an angel to our children and to us, the left-behind parents.    The Goldman Act was signed into law by President Obama on August 8, 2014. Goldman Act instructs the State Department to take serious action when the case is pending for over a year, and my case has been pending for over 6 years, and I am waiting for the State Department to reunite me with my precious children. The State Department can also apply Section 201, which is high level diplomacy and extradition of my children on my case now, and I am hoping and trusting that they will do so without any further delay.    I request the State Department and the Office of Children's Issues to take speedy action, and to please implement the law as soon as possible and put a smile back on the faces of our children and us, the left-behind parents.    Thank you from the bottom of my heart for accepting my humble request during your otherwise pressing schedules. Thank you so much.    Ms. Philips. Thank you, Mr. Smith. I did submit the custody order to the U.S. Embassy in India, and though they were very touched about my case there was nothing they proceeded to do to help me get my children back. And I have also visited the Indian Consulate in New York and spoken to the Indian Consulate in Washington, DC, and they advised me go to the U.S. Embassy and seek help from the U.S. Embassy in Chennai to get your children back, because all of you are American citizens and we can't do anything about it. I did forward that letter to the U.S. Embassy, too, but I still haven't got my children back.    Ms. Philips. I hope India will treat the child abduction cases as a criminal case and not a civil case. I wish the U.S. Government could educate the Indian authority and the officials there to have a speedy return of the children. And if they are having a case to have it held quickly, because, as you said, justice delayed is justice denied. And my last hearing was in April 2013, and I am still waiting for the Government of India to help me.    Ms. Philips. Yes. I would like to thank you so much for helping us. And I would like to request the Indian Government to please help us get reunited with our children, and to understand our pain, and to understand that the little and helpless children have no choice but to listen to the abductive parent, because that is the only family they know and they can't do anything against the abductive parent, so to please help us. And the same with all the countries where the children have been taken.    Ms. Philips. Thank you.