    Mr. Brown. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman and Ranking Member Representative Lawrence. I so much appreciate the opportunity to offer America Outdoors' support for H.R. 2215, and I'm also testifying to explain why the Department of Labor rule implementing Executive Order 13658 threatens viability for many outfitters and guide companies operating on public lands.    The implementation of this rule may force many of them out of business. While the minimum wage increase is an issue for some seasonal businesses which hire a large number of entry-level employees, a larger issue is compliance with the complex Department of Labor clause including in this rule, which will become part of every new permit.    Permit holders are required to comply with the DOL clause or face potential disqualification and loss of the permit. As you will see from my testimony, compliance is very difficult for family-run seasonal businesses who do not have a team of labor lawyers on their staff.    The Fair Labor Standards Act includes an exemption for employees hired by seasonal recreational establishments and a partial exemption for recreational establishments under permit by Federal land managing agency. Inconsistent interpretation of the recreational establishment provision under 13(a)(29) leaves many public land outfitters uncertain as to what overtime standard they are subject to.    Some courts have ruled that recreational businesses do not qualify as an establishment under the FLSA if the recreation venue is more than 6 miles or, in one case, more than 9 miles from their headquarters. In these situations, some outfitters would qualify for the exemption, but others providing services in the same area might not.    Outfitters with traveling camps may not qualify as a recreational establishment according to another court ruling. The DOL rule requires permit holders to enforce their contract clause, as my colleague mentioned, on their subcontractors to make up the difference between the executive order wage and the wage paid by the subcontractor.    Some outfitters subcontract with other outfitters for services. Other subcontractors are not even operating on public lands. A guest ranch in Wyoming, for example, might be expected to require a laundry service to comply with the DOL rule and include the standard contract clause in their contract with the laundry service.    Enforcing the DOL contract clause on a subcontractor will be impossible for seasonal recreational businesses. In analyzing the compliance quandary faced by many outfitters and guides, a law firm specializing in Fair Labor Standards Act compliance concluded, although most courts in the Department of Labor consider the same issues when determining whether a company is a seasonal recreational establishment, there is very little consensus regarding how to analyze these questions, much less the outcome of the review.    If the courts, the Department of Labor, and various law firms cannot reach consensus on the interpretation of the FLSA in this area, how can a family-run business be expected to comply? Unfortunately, the quandary now puts their business at risk because it is part of permit compliance.    The DOL rule also requires permit holders to enforce the contract clause under subcontractors, as I mentioned, and that is one of the other challenges that--with compliance that will be very difficult. Aside from the uncertainty and difficulty with compliance, the FSLA correctly interpreted the need for an exemption for seasonal recreational businesses. That exemption needs to be fully restored for these businesses to survive in the long term, and that is why we support H.R. 2215.    Looking beyond the issues related to Executive Order 13658, the accumulation of regulations and their costs on these small outfitter and guide businesses are making their ability to provide services to the public increasingly tenuous. I respectfully request that you continue oversight and hope that members of the subcommittee will work together to encourage the executive branch to streamline and reduce the regulatory burdens which jeopardize employment in the high-quality recreational services the public currently enjoys on public lands. Thank you.    Mr. Brown. Well, in one recent economic study on the Ocoee River, the recreation activity on that river created 622 full-time job equivalents, and $43 million in economic benefits within a 60-mile radius. That is a rural county, very poor, so many of the local residents sustain themselves, in part, by the jobs--seasonal jobs on that river.    Mr. Brown. Well, I think that the basic Federal minimum wage requirement is, you know, obviously, the one that should exist for these businesses. Seasonal--or, you know, the exemption from the seasonal, there was--in 1939, Fair Labor Standards Act anticipated an exemption for seasonal recreational businesses, which was appropriate, I think, and that's what we're trying to restore. It's an exemption that exists for organized camps, for ski areas, and for a number of other nonprofit conference centers and a number of other similar businesses.    Mr. Brown. I think, if I understand your question, yeah, they're--these are--a lot of this income is supplemental.    Mr. Brown. Yeah. And it's certainly for the students and the entry-level employees, it's--you're helping them get through college or----    Mr. Brown. Yeah, exactly.    Mr. Brown. And most of those working adults are actually paid more than the minimum wage, so that's just not an issue for the more experienced employees in the managerial positions. Usually, if they've got families, you know, they have enough experience that they're making more than the minimum wage.    Mr. Brown. Some of the--well, they hold higher levels.    Mr. Brown. Working higher level jobs, yes    Mr. Brown. The entry-level jobs are usually held by students and young people.    Mr. Brown. Different duties.    Mr. Brown. They are classified usually as guides or managers.    Mr. Brown. Yes.    Mr. Brown. Yes, sir. I think this rule actually has the reverse effect. It does not increase the income of entry-level employees because these businesses are actually competing with other businesses outside public lands and have to set their prices accordingly, and so what a lot of outfitters are doing is having to reduce hours to stay on budget, and so the effect on morale certainly is not what the Department of Labor would anticipate from that standpoint.    Mr. Brown. Yes.    Mr. Brown. Well, the permit is actually, it says in the permit that it's not a contract. There are different--I think, if I'm answering your question, I understand it, there are Park Service contracts, and then there's certainly contracts that permit holders will have with other entities. The permit is--the Forest Service says the permit is not a contract, and BLM will say the same thing. The only contract specifically in our industry are Park Service concessions contracts.    Mr. Brown. We--mostly outfitters and guides.    Mr. Brown. We have guest ranches as well.    Mr. Brown. Yes, hunting trips, a variety of outdoor recreation experiences.    Mr. Brown. They would. And it's even more complex than that because they have to keep track of the meals they eat and then take the value of those meals, add those to the base wage when overtime is calculated. If they operate under a covered--if they're employed under a covered contract, activity is under a covered contract, and activities not under a covered contract, they have to keep records--precise records of the time spent on the activities under the covered contract and the activities that are not on the covered contract.    For example, if you're not working on a permitted activity, you're working doing something at a guest ranch, you know, that's not related to the permitted activity, you're not covered by the rule, but in order to not have to pay, or you know, to--you have to have very precise records.    Mr. Brown. That's correct. If they're keeping the log, and very often, as you know, when you're working two or three different types, multitasking at any business, small business, you're hopping from one task to the next, you might be packing lunches for a pack trip out in the back country one minute and the next minute you might be tending to horses that are used just on a guest ranch.    Mr. Brown. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Brown. Well, it's actually--excuse me. Thank you, Congresswoman. It's actually what my members who've had this--the contract clause on their permit have said. Some, as Mr. Lazzeri said, new permits have the contract clause on them, and we have some outfitters who've gotten contracts--new clause--new permits with the contract clause on it. In fact, they were told that December 1 it was going to be on their permit which was issued shortly after the first of the year. They were totally unprepared for it because they'd already sold trips. And so their response was that they had to adjust their employment, reduce employment, cut hours. They went from 8-hour days to 7-hour days, for example, in order to accommodate the increase of pre-entry level employees primarily.    Mr. Brown. Well, I think one of the concerns we have is the subcontractor requirement that--to require the Department of Labor contract clause to be put on any subcontract that a permittee has. We're still unclear on who qualifies as a subcontractor. We asked the Department of Labor to clarify that, and they referred us to the Service Contract Act. Well, there aren't many permittees who have the opportunity or inclination to read the Service Contract Act. So that would be one of the real concerns we have about implementation of the rule.    Mr. Brown. No. Well, there's a requirement, Congresswoman, to maintain records for examination. And so I would presume that those records are required, although they're not referred to in the rule.    Mr. Brown. Yes.    Mr. Brown. Well, potentially if you certainly took the credit for sleep time, it would reduce the amount of pay.    Mr. Brown. No. Probably not. Probably working more than sleeping.    Mr. Brown. It would change the gross pay, yes.    Mr. Brown. Well, the one issue that I described a little earlier was the requirement, for example, if you have an employee that works under a covered part--part-time under covered contracts and then part-time under activities that are not covered under the Department of Labor rule, then assuming that they are not paid the same scale for those other activities outside the covered contract, precise records have to be maintained so that you are able to show the Department of Labor how many hours are worked under the activities covered by the contract.    Mr. Brown. It would not be required without this Department of Labor rule.    Mr. Brown. No. I did not. There were references in the final rule, which was 300 pages, but I would not be able to tell you the answer. Not sure there is one.