    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen, for your patience and your very good insight.    If I had done--and I did do--town hall meetings 2 years ago, the people in my district would have been, at best, ambivalent and probably pretty negative about any idea of further intervention in Syria. But a lot has happened over the last 2 years, and I can tell you from my town hall meetings, that is not what I am hearing anymore. People are worried, because if you watch the course of events, these events have come closer and closer to home. San Bernardino, a lone-wolf attack but nonetheless inspired, if not indirectly directed, by the people of ISIS, have got my constituents' attention.    But I am from Alabama. We believe in winning. We know you can't win unless you have the right coach--Roll Tide--you can't win unless you have the right coach. I am not asking you to comment on the coach. And that coach has got to have a plan. And the plan has to be a plan to win. And you have to train the team to win on that plan.    Now, my constituents come to my town hall meetings and say, where is the plan, the winning plan? This President has not articulated a plan at all, whether it is a winning one or not.    So we are going to be changing coaches, changing Presidents in a year. And, once again, my question is not directed at who that should be. But if you were advising that next President of the United States on what the winning plan is, how we win this war, what would the elements of that plan be?    Mr. Byrne. There you go. Roll Tide.    Mr. Byrne. Let me ask you a follow-up question, Ambassador. If we are going to rebuild that country, we have to rebuild it with Syrian people. Yet we have seen a wholesale outflow of refugees from Syria--I would argue, probably the very people we need to depend upon to rebuild the country.    Shouldn't we be pursuing a policy that brings those people back to Syria, closer to Syria, so that we can bring them into rebuilding of that country, and not continue to see these efforts to welcome them to places away from Syria?    Ambassador Ford. I think you want to be careful here, Congressman. Why did they leave Syria? The opinion polls that I have read of Syrian refugees themselves, somewhere between 70 and 80 percent say they left because of the aerial bombings of their neighborhood, the barrel bombs. And some fled the Islamic State, although, actually, the numbers that fled the Assad government's aerial bombing are much, much, much higher than the number who fled the Islamic State, as brutal as the Islamic State is.    So you have to deal with that root cause in order to convince people to go back. There could be reconstruction. We might be able to find ways to generate the resources to help the country rebuild. But you can't do any of that as long as the war goes on, so I go back to what I said about that.    With respect to keeping them closer versus farther, yes, there is big debate about Syrian refugees right now. I would just say this: Having refugees in camps indefinitely, even near Syria, in Lebanon or Turkey or Jordan or Iraq, where there is no hope, also breeds resentment and actually helps the Islamic State recruit, as well.    And so as we, the Americans, think about whether or not we should take refugees, I think we also need to bear in mind that choosing not to take refugees plays into an Islamic State recruiting effort. And so we will have to judge a whole series of factors as we make that decision about refugees.    Mr. Byrne. Thank you, sir.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Langevin.