    Chairman Royce. So this committee will come to order. And pursuant to notice, we meet today to mark up four bipartisan measures. Without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit any statements for the record or any extraneous materials that they want to include on today's business.    All members were notified yesterday we intend to consider today's measures en bloc. And so, without objection, the following items previously provided to members will be considered en bloc and are considered as read.    And those are H.R. 2241, the Global Health Innovation Act of 2015, with the Sires amendment 210 to H.R. 2241. Second, H.R. 2845, the African Growth and Opportunity Act Enhancement Act of 2015. Third, H.R. 3750, the First Responders Passport Act of 2015, with the Issa amendment 50 in the nature of a substitute to this House resolution. And H.R. 3766, the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act of 2015.    Chairman Royce. And after recognizing myself and the ranking member, I will be pleased to recognize any member seeking recognition to speak on these measures.    So we begin with the AGOA Enhancement Act markup. And I will just tell you, just as a reminder, we recently passed AGOA and gave it a 10-year extension. And I thank the members for their help on that and thank Congresswoman Karen Bass in particular. We have been involved in this committee since 1998 when we wrote the original measure here, part of it, as cosponsors.    AGOA, obviously, allows qualified sub-Saharan African countries to export thousands and thousands of goods, like apparel and energy and other products, to the United States on a duty-free basis, but it is done in conjunction with changes made that help civil society in these African countries with respect to the rule of law and developing independent courts.    So it has helped draw hundreds of millions of dollars in foreign investment into the subcontinent, and it has helped put thousands of Africans into much needed work. It is good for exporters too. As you know, about two-thirds of the countries in Africa qualify for AGOA. But to qualify you have to take certain steps toward rule of law.    In May of this year, Congress successfully reauthorized AGOA, as I shared with you, for 10 years. This bill, the AGOA Enhancement Act, contains provisions that will improve trade capacity and relations between African companies and companies here in the United States. Namely, the Millennium Challenge Corporation, or MCC, will be allowed to enter into a second compact in an eligible country for purposes of promoting economic integration and trade, helping to unlock a region's full potential for growth. And the bill also modernizes AGOA's implementation by getting more information about its trade preferences online, so that companies on both sides of the Atlantic can better understand and utilize AGOA's benefits.    So I, again, want to thank our ranking member, Mr. Engel, and the Africa Subcommittee Chairman Smith for his work on this, and Ranking Member Bass, for their support.    Second, we have H.R. 3766, the Foreign Aid Transparency and Accountability Act, which will enhance--well, the bill will ensure that many Federal departments and agencies that implement these programs, these foreign aid programs, coordinate and not duplicate efforts and apply the lessons learned from evaluations so we can do more of what works in development and less of what doesn't work. And the bill is the result of years of consultation and collaboration between Congress and the administration and experts and advocates.    And I want to thank the bill's sponsor, Judge Poe, and his coauthor, Mr. Connolly, for their steadfast work and leadership in bringing this before us today.    Third, we have H.R. 3750, the First Responders Passport Act. This will allow the Secretary of State to waive passport fees for individuals working with the U.S. Government to respond to natural disasters abroad.    Many of us represent teams that deploy around the globe just hours after a disaster hits. This makes us very proud. But every year, brave Americans volunteer to be on call for this duty, but as a result must bear the expense of ensuring their passports are up to date. And this act will provide a small but important benefit for those who represent us so well, such as the team that deployed to Nepal.    Lastly, H.R. 2241, the Global Health Innovation Act, directs the Administrator of U.S. Agency for International Development to provide Congress with five annual reports on the Agency's efforts to develop and apply new, innovative health technologies within U.S. Global Health Programs.    The reason that is of interest to us is because through USAID, through the Global Development Lab and the Center for Accelerating Innovation and Impact, they have partnered with a lot of private sector groups to develop and bring to scale low-cost, high-impact health technologies. We are seeing that impact particularly in maternal health.    So these reports will improve our oversight of this important effort. And I thank Mr. Sires for bringing this forward in a timely measure.    And I want to turn to Ranking Member Karen Bass of the Africa Subcommittee for her opening remarks.    Chairman Royce. The ranking member, Mr. Eliot Engel.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    We go now to Judge Poe.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Poe.    Mr. Connolly, I want to recognize Mr. Connolly. He looks apprehensive here.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Connolly.    We are going to go to Mr. Issa and then to Mr. Sires.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Issa.    We go now to Mr. Sires.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Sires.    And I will remind members, you can put statements into the record. We are in the last 7 minutes of the vote or so. And if there are any necessary statements, I think we have covered those who are authors or coauthors of amendments.    Any other members seek time? If not, hearing no further requests for recognition, the question occurs on the items considered en bloc.    All those in favor, say aye.    All those opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it and the measures considered en bloc are agreed to.    So, without objection, the measures considered en bloc are ordered favorably reported as amended and staff is directed to make any technical and conforming changes. And also, without objection, the chair is authorized to seek House consideration of these measures under suspension of the rules.    That concludes our business today. And I want to thank Ranking Member Engel and all of our committee members for their contributions and assistance with this markup today. We stand adjourned.