    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to the witnesses for being here. I think this is my third hearing on silica.    I have to admit sometimes I start to lose my patience a little as we go through these hearings when I hear some of the comments. I am not a lawyer. I am not the CEO of a big business. I have a small specialty printing business, a union shop. I have done every job that any employee in my business has done over the years. I only make money when I have customers and when I have employees to do the work because I cannot do everything. I value my employees far more than I value my equipment.    We just bought a brand new UV printer that was about $75,000. I can buy a cheaper solvent printer for $25,000, but that puts organic compounds into the air, causes health risks. There are other good things about the printer, but clearly, part of the decision I made was I want to make sure my employees are not exposed to problems.    I have heard a lot of bad math and slippery language during this debate. So, if I can maybe just try to address some of this and ask a few questions.    Mr. Chajet, I am going to pass on you right now and ask the people who are employers questions. I know you raised a lot of concerns about sand. Honestly, my guess is as a lawyer for the U.S. Chamber, the closest you are going to get to exposure to sand is if you go on vacation to the Caribbean.    Let me ask Mr. Brady a question, if I could, specifically. There is another construction company, a medium-sized company in Illinois, Englewood Construction, and the director of operations there, if I could just read his quote real quickly in the time I have. Let me just get to the relevant part maybe.    He said, ``Many of the new silica guidelines formulize existing best practices. Elements of the silica rule will require real change and will take time, effort, and yes, money, to implement consistently. It is easy to see the cost of protection for our workers, but how do you put a price on workers' health and long-term well-being?'' He goes on a little longer.    I really sympathize with that because I understand. I think you have employees and I am sure you go to their family events, you watch their kids graduate, and everything, and I know that is an important part of it. One of the things you said is you talked about up to 3.2 million construction workers and these physicals they are going to have.    The reality is it is only if they have 30 days on a respirator, and that is only a fraction, a very small fraction of the jobs that require it, and it is every three years. I put that in the ``slippery language'' category. It is not quite where it is at.    I would ask the question, how do you value what a life is worth? What is a life worth? It is a tough question.    Mr. Pocan. I am going to steal my time back. Again, there are fewer people in the industry, so that same graph that the person who is afraid of the beach sand has--also shows the employee numbers in those fields have gone down. Again, it is a little bit of slippery language.    Mr. Pocan. Let me reclaim back my time, Mr. Brady. I only have a minute and a half left and I want to ask another question of Ms. Herschkowitz. Of the pictures that you have here, you do a lot of work for submarines, I see. I have a company in my district that does a lot of work for submarines.    How much is too much that we would have to spend if we knew we could fix something on a submarine to make it healthier for the people, the service members, what amount would be a fair amount, that you would say is a fair amount to put in to protect the people who are on that submarine? Is there a dollar figure you would say, $50,000, $100,000, $500,000?    Mr. Pocan. Per foundry, what it is going to cost, and OSHA said $32,000. You are saying $1 million. I am asking specifically what would be the dollar figure you would assign that you would be willing to spend to make a submarine safe for the people who work on a submarine? A dollar question.    Mr. Pocan. Do you have an amount you would recommend? How about how many sugar packs worth of silica in that football field that is 13 high would you say is acceptable? How many sugar packets are a problem? You want to talk about the safety, but you do not actually want to answer the question. I have asked you very direct questions.    Let's go back to the submarine question. I want you to answer. How much would you spend to make a submarine safe? It is a dollar question.    Mr. Pocan. You do not want to answer the questions.    Mr. Pocan. No, you are not.