    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Administrator Slavitt, thank you for being here today, and I want to thank you for making the Affordable Care Act and health reform work.    It first rolled out in our district in a very urban area of Houston. Before the Affordable Care Act we were one of the highest in the country of people who worked but didn't get insurance through their employer. When it first rolled out we identified 20,000 people who were able to get health insurance and each renewable time we have increased that.    My frustration is that just recently we identified 50,000 of my constituents in urban Houston would be able to get health care if the State would have expanded Medicaid, 50,000 just in our district, and that is with a hundred percent Federal reimbursement to State. Not a penny of State dollars for 3 years would have to go to that, so it is just frustrating.    My colleagues have been throwing around the 3.5 billion figure. It is even part of today's title, but I think it is important to talk about that number in context. Last month, the Congressional Budget Office came out with a new Affordable Care Act estimate stating that, quote, compared with the projection made by CBO and JCT, the Joint Committee on Taxation, in March of 2010 just before the ACA was enacted, the current estimate of the net cost of insurance coverage over the 2016 to '19 period is lower by $157 billion, lowered by 25 percent. And I repeat: $157 billion under budget. That is not something we see here in the halls of Congress very often. That is 157 billion left in the Treasury.    And I know that the insurance market and these estimates are complex, and we have been talking about how important reinsurance has been in creating stability in the market while new consumer protections are created. My first question, is it fair to say that reinsurance has played at least a role in the success covering so many people while coming in substantially under budget?    Mr. Green. We know that consumers win when the health insurance premiums are low, but how does that impact the U.S. Treasury?    Mr. Green. So does that suggest at the end of the day the decision to prioritize reinsurance payments and make sure this program works effectively as intended by the statute has been a good deal for the taxpayers?    Mr. Green. I want to thank you for that. There are many recent examples of counterproductive action by Congress to thwart the overall goals of health reform. Successful attempt by Republicans to limit payments to insurers under the risk corridor program resulted in payouts of only 12 cents on the dollar that insurers originally expected to receive. That was hailed as a victory by my Republican friends, but it only served to undermine and destabilize the health insurance market while mainly harming smaller insurance.    Administrator Slavitt, if Congress takes the legislative action to limit reinsurance payments what would be the effect on premiums for consumers?    Mr. Green. So this would be detrimental and disruptive to the individual market?    Mr. Green. If premiums did increase it seems likely that that would be the consequences for the Treasury.    Mr. Green. Well, I hope today's hearing is not simply another attempt to find new ways to obstruct and undermine the Affordable Care Act through the legislative process. Congress should be pursuing action to improve the functioning of the ACA and help individuals get covered, not engaging in efforts to destroy it.    I have said this many times at this committee, no law we have ever passed in Congress is perfect, but for the last 6 years all we have seen is repeal after repeal instead of sitting down working across the aisle to make sure it is best for the taxpayer and it is also best for the people who need that insurance. And I yield back my time.