    Mr. Bera. Thank you, Chairman, and Ranking Member. And I really want to thank both the Chairman and Ranking Member for this topic. You know, it comes at a very timely time--and the witnesses.    You know, as a child growing up in Southern California at the heart of the aerospace industry in the '60s and '70s, you know, the space race captivated us, the Apollo missions, Apollo-Soyuz, Skylab, going to the space shuttle. And, you know, as someone who went into the sciences and became a doctor, you know, it really was pivotal in, you know, fostering our curiosity. I mean if we think about who we are as a race, as human beings, we are naturally curious. We are natural explorers and we want to find those answers.    And I think it's incredibly important, the work that NASA is doing, the work that our scientists are doing and fostering the imagination of the next generation. I think we need to do more of that in fact because, you know, in listening to some of the--your testimony, as well as how you answer the questions, we don't know what life is going to look like. We don't know what we are going to discover. We don't know what frequencies we should be listening for. But we do know that something is out there, and if we don't, you know, continue to push our imagination, if we don't continue to--we don't know how we're going to get to Mars, let alone how we're going to send a human being to Mars and bring them back, but we do know if we challenge ourselves, we will discover that. We will--we always have. And I think that is the importance of what we're doing here on the Science and Technology Committee but also in Congress and also working with our colleagues around this world because this is not just a U.S. mission; it is a human mission to find and discover, you know, where we came from, how life evolved, but also how life becomes extinct as well, as we're looking at these planets, the impacts of those discoveries on, you know, what is affecting our own planet right now as we deal with climate change, as we deal with a changing atmosphere. Those discoveries will help us manage our own issues on our planet.    I'll ask a quick question of each of the panelists, and each of you can answer this. In explaining why it is important to search for life beyond our planet, beyond just the philosophical elements, if you were to explain this to an elementary school student or the public in general, how might you put why this is such an important endeavor? And we'll start with Dr. Stofan.    Mr. Bera. Great.    Mr. Bera. Great. Thank you.