    Mr. McNerney. Well, I thank the chairman and I thank the witness colleague. Today's hearing focuses on a couple of bills, the BRICK Act and the SENSE Act, that are a familiar effort to weaken the Clean Air Act.    Mr. Chairman, well thought out regulations make businesses more competitive and protect American people. These bills echo what we saw, for example, with the Ratepayer Protection Act, a partisan effort to weaken the Clean Air Act.    Addressing air quality is a health and economic issue. Poor air quality can disrupt businesses, individuals, and families who have to live with its consequences. It is irresponsible and morally bankrupt to needlessly delay a rule from taking effect that will improve air quality, especially if the intent is to delay it indefinitely. The bills under consideration simply seek to maintain the status quo. Well, the status quo isn't good enough. Our country can do better than that.    I represent part of the San Joaquin Valley, which is also called the famed Central Valley of California. But, unfortunately, it has some of the worst air quality in the nation. Employees miss work, children miss school days and the elderly are often encouraged to stay inside on certain days. We have seen the air quality improve over the last decade, which I am happy to say I have experienced. But we are still living in poor air. I have seen firsthand the effect of pollution on our communities. Valley air quality is affected from a variety of sources--from China, from in-state and out-of-state vehicles, from drought, as well as from pollutions drifting in from other parts of the state and from other states. That is not to mention unforeseen incidents like the methane leak that has been releasing millions of pounds of methane per day in southern California.    Our region has worked hard and taken steps to help address one of the biggest issues facing the valley. Recent improvements have produced significant economic and health benefits. But there is still an enormous amount of work to be done. Having worked in the private sector and an emerging field, I understand the difficulties that come with raising capital and business targets that are always moving around.    But these advancements take time and investments. Sticking with the status quo is not and will never be a solution. Fossil fuels will remain an important bridge of energy source as our country moves forward to cleaner energy sources. But as we move forward, we should maintain focus on making carbon energy production as clean as possible through technology and effective use of regulation.    The EPA has used the Clean Air Act to improve the lives of millions of Americans and reduce harmful emissions. The Clean Air Act has worked and we should continue building on this landmark legislation, not slowly dismantle it. And by the way, I suggest that my colleagues embrace carbon sequestration. With that, I would like to recognize my colleague from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle.    Mr. McNerney. I want to thank the chairman.    Today's hearing focuses on a couple of bills--oh, sorry. That was my opening statement.    We have heard today that the coal refuse facilities are unable to meet the EPA mercury and air toxic standards. But this isn't the first time we have heard that kind of claim that they can't meet the EPA standards only later to find out that the innovation made the standards achievable at minimal cost.    Mr. Walke, it is my understanding that the EPA used their maximum achievable control technology program in setting up the mercury and air toxic standards. Could you briefly describe how that program works?    Mr. McNerney. Very good. So Congress, in setting up this program, did not want to merely maintain the status quo. Congress wanted all facilities with an industrial sector to make up the necessary upgrades to reduce their emissions in line with the best performing units. Is that right?    Mr. McNerney. Well, the advocates for this bill claim that the coal refuse facility should be treated differently from other coal fuel generation facilities, that the technology and that the fuel used would prevent these facilities from meeting MATS standards.    Did the EPA look at the coal refuse facilities while establishing the MATS standards? You sort of already answered that. Go ahead.    Mr. McNerney. Well, has the EPA considered treating these facilities differently from the other coal burning facilities?    Mr. McNerney. Is that appropriate?    Mr. McNerney. Well, in your testimony you mentioned that the courts have also considered challenges to the mercury and air toxic rule based on assertions that the waste coal plants should regulate differently.    Were these challenges successful?    Mr. McNerney. Well, based on your response then there appears to be no justification for allowing these facilities to emit more pollution than other similar facilities.    Mr. McNerney. Quickly, the results of this legislation would be, in my opinion, that other power plants in a given state covered by the CSAPR would have to drastically cut their emissions to make up the differences. Is that appropriate?    Mr. McNerney. Very good. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.