    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today we are going to discuss important bipartisan legislation that indeed seeks to provide some balance to the recently proposed menu labeling guidelines, H.R. 2017, the Common Sense Nutrition Disclosure Act of 2015. The bipartisan effort has always been spearheaded by Cathy McMorris Rodgers, a good friend, member of our leadership, active member of our committee.    This bill seeks to bring much needed clarity and alleviate some of the burdensome and unnecessary requirements that the menu labeling final rule has placed on businesses across the country.    Take, for example, my Michigan-based company Domino's, which we all know. Domino's has 34 million different potential menu combinations. It has an online calculator that determines the nutrition information for your particular order, and 91 percent of their orders are placed online, 91 percent. Requiring in-store information for 34 million potential menu items would cost each store an average of nearly $5,000 per year, and it wouldn't address the ultimate goal of informing consumers.    There is no doubt that the U.S. should have a uniform national policy for menu labeling. However, we need to take a pragmatic approach. The goal is ensuring customers have the information that they need to make informed decisions, and in order to do that we have to make sure that companies can reasonably comply with those requirements. The current situation fails to address the realistic needs of consumers and places enormous burden on businesses all across the country.    As it stands, restaurants and similar retail food establishments have until December 1 of this year to comply with the final rule, yet there are still a number of outstanding questions and issues. Complying with the final rule will take substantial time and resources, and FDA has made it even harder by failing to provide more clarity. Businesses need to know how to comply. In order to do so, businesses need time to plan and put things in place, and FDA's failure to provide clarity has made it impossible for those things to happen.    So today we are going to hear from the stakeholders. I hope that we can discuss solutions to the problems. I want to thank the panel, and I want to yield the balance of my time to the sponsor of the bill, Cathy McMorris Rodgers.