    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and welcome. Dr. Orr, I have a question about energy efficiency programs, and much of the focus on energy efficiency goes towards large power consumption devices, such as appliances and motors through the Energy Star programs. But the proliferation of consumer electronic devices means their energy consumption is adding up to a very significant level, especially if you go global. Furthermore, the vampire devices that continue to draw power even when they are not in use are adding to consumer utility bills and our overall energy usage as well as our resources. So, what is your office doing to address this ever-growing concern that I have?    And then with regard to energy efficiency in manufacturing, saving energy cannot only reduce cost, but also reduce climate and environmental impact. What is your office doing to help the Nation's small- and medium-sized manufacturers to become more efficient?    Mr. Honda. In your response would you also address where we are at in improving the energy process, the Energy Star program? Because I think that there are ways that we can double the efficiency, but I do not know where we are at and what needs to be done, whether it is going to be industry-driven or Energy Department-driven.    Mr. Honda. Thank you.    Mr. Honda. So, perhaps, to the chair, I request that we can get together and sit down and go through the myriad of efforts that is going on, and also maybe look at converting that into cost savings in terms of the kinds of fields that is necessary to generate just--that will be saved because of this efficiency. I have a question on waste energy. Dr. Orr.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a question about the national network for manufacturing innovation, and then NNMI HUBS. The Department of Energy hosts three of the seven existing HUBS right now. One in Raleigh, another in Knoxville, and one is to be determined, I believe. So being from Silicon Valley I really appreciate how important it is that we focus on advanced manufacturing and potentially game changing technologies to ensure that the next Silicon Valley is right here in the United States.    So I was curious though, what is the current status of DOE's NNMI Centers, and what are some of the successes from these centers? Then how many DOE-led centers do you envision in the full national network of 45 planned HUBS? Then, in your opinion, would these centers develop without seed funding from the agencies?    Mr. Honda. The issue of seed money, so when the President announced his desire to see this thing deploy and grow, it seems like the seed money comes from the different agencies such as Department of Defense had to put up the seed money for the flexible hybrid electronics concept which is beginning to establish itself and create a new arena of technologies. Are we encouraging agencies to put up money also in their own budgets or do they have to see a benefit for their investments by their agencies in order for them to create this bottom line?    Mr. Honda. Well, the Department of Defense, they put in $75 million and private industry put in the rest, a quarter of a billion dollars. And I think that they saw a lot of benefits for folks who have solutions to problems that they are looking for, and the DOD has problems for which they are looking for solutions, so that marriage seems to be pretty good in terms of the area of flexible hybrid. Would something like this be applicable to energy storage? Because we are only looking at, it seems like it is only lithium, but there must be other forms of technologies that we have looked at that need some research that we can invite people to come together through a process like this.    Mr. Honda. Through DOE you probably help us remain competitive in a global competition in innovation. Is there anything that DOE is focused on on next generation manufacturing?    Mr. Honda. So we can talk a little bit more about that later on?    Mr. Honda. Ok. Last question, Mr. Chairman. On this topic of weatherization, it seems that there are statutes already in place, but the statute does not seem to incorporate or encourage the integration of solar. If weatherization is about saving costs to individuals, fixed income folks, poor neighborhoods and places like that, in hardening the building from losing heat, why don't we in this whole discussion of reinventing ourselves, why don't we incorporate the wording that would allow solarization as part of the cost savings for these homes? And at the same time, become more efficient and save the home owners or the users' pocketbook? It seems like they both will do the same thing, but solar would have a larger application cost as a country from east coast to west coast?    Mr. Honda. Solar heating for water is through solar uptake or through dark pipes?    Mr. Honda. Not to be argumentative, but it seems like placing solar on these homes would reduce the cost if we maintained certain kinds of credits or helping cap agencies to, you know, put these in on a long term basis. Cost savings to the home owner or the dweller over time it seems it would----    Mr. Honda. So do I hear you saying that it is not possible until we can come up with a point where cost savings would be greater than the costs?    Mr. Honda. No, I am just asking.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you Dr. Orr and Dr. Murray. I wanted to go into the advanced scientific computing area that's been already spoken of. It has been clear that it is a priority and it is important, just as the discussion around the issue of the light source discussion you had with Mr. Valadao.    So with those two in mind, in light of the budget request proposals, there is an increase for advanced scientific computing research within the Office of Science. And we know that the national labs have an incredible computing resource and we are part of the top 10 most capable supercomputers in the world. But every sector of our society has become dependent on growth in a computing performance in order to continue to drive innovation in science and technology, but our Nation's leadership in advanced computing is increasingly been challenged as you have said by other countries.    So how will this proposed budget be used to keep the U.S. at the forefront of computing technology?    And then if you can provide us with an update on development of the plans in terms of moving the DOE to provide a report on the plan that develops the exascale computing systems. So we need that kind of information in order to just sustain the increase in budget, but there is always that problem like you described balancing your budget and trying to find that priority.    Mr. Honda. So the bottom line is really what you have in our budget, if it is cut or if it is diminished, our ability to stay in front, our ability to complete, our ability to keep improving our computing power, will be diminished?    Mr. Honda. Ok. Can we get an update on that?    Mr. Honda. Ok.    Mr. Honda. Thank you. And do I have time, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Honda. Ok. Thirty petaflops. This is about 1 year ago I was one of the lead authors of the National Nanotechnology Research and Advancement Development Act that paved the way for Federal Government's increased investments in nanotechnology. And that was a result of President Bush in his State of the Union message when he mentioned nanotechnology. So I had the pleasure of working with Chairman Balart in developing that bill. And then it went over to the Senate and got passed at the Senate with about $3.7 billion worth of grants back in '03. And I had the pleasure of attending the groundbreaking dedication of the Molecular Foundry at Berkeley Lab, and I will be joining them again celebrating their 10-year anniversary. And it looks like nanoresearch, some have said, made great progress in our enabling revolutionary science along with computing powers.    Could you describe how these national scientific user facilities are benefiting our understanding of nanoscience and benefiting the economy, and what does the future look like for these centers and for nanoscale science at the DOE generally? And what can Congress do to--these are all softball questions--support DOE's downscale science research centers.    Mr. Honda. And it extends its life, also, does it?    Mr. Honda. Mr. Chairman, if I could ask one more question. Using these----    Mr. Honda. That was pretty cool. You probably could cook potatoes faster, too.    Mr. Honda. The other question I had was kind of off subject, but using these technologies, supercomputing, nanoscale, how close can we get or how close are we in replicating photosynthesis? If we can do that it seems to me that we could really move towards creating fuel without having to go through the process of the billions and billions of years that takes for----    Mr. Honda. But taking these computational powers and going down to nanoscale, merging together with the light source that Mr. Valadao was talking about, it seems that we could compress that time.    Mr. Honda. But we need research monies. But the investment will return much higher it seems to me.    Mr. Honda. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Honda. Mr. Chairman, I want to talk a little bit about tech transfer to Cyclotron Road.    Our national labs are really an amazing resource to this country, both in the facilities that they house and in the quality of the scientific talent that they attract, and we need better use of these resources to drive development in the private sector and make an impact on the energy industry.    There is an innovate program at Lawrence Lab called the Cyclotron Road. The Cyclotron Road is combining the best elements and Silicon Valley startups with top talent, sense of urgency, and an all-in attitude and commitment, with the tools and expertise of Berkeley Lab to help these technology entrepreneurs to develop their cutting-edge clean energy technologies. And this is a type of partnership and innovation that we need to reinvigorate our energy innovation and accelerate the commercialization of these new technologies.    So what is the department's current plans for this program at Berkeley Lab? And what is being done to expand the Cyclotron Road program to other facilities and other national labs?    Mr. Honda. You will keep us updated on that. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.