    Mr. Perry. Thanks, gentlemen. Thanks for all of you for being here. It is a fascinating conversation. Minute by minute, it leads to new questions, at least on my behalf.    And I think about the most recent one on accountability of the President. You know I hate to bring up the sore subject of Ben Rhodes but I don't see any accountability. I mean I see Ben Rhodes on the TV from Laos this week and I, myself, wrote the President a letter asking him to relieve Ben Rhodes for his forays that were made public.    That having been said, I know the 1947 Act doesn't specifically talk about qualifications but you fine gentlemen who have worked in the industry maybe could lead us in the right direction. And I would also say right here that I am not an advocate of Congress meddling too much in the President's business. And I think that regardless of the President's party or who that person is, everybody wants the President to have the tools that he or she needs to complete the mission. But it is apparent, I think, to most people, that this things is pretty broken for whatever reason. And without any congressional oversight, we are completely relying on the executive to make the correct decisions. And once it gets a level or two below him or her, it seems like the rules are being made up as they go for the expedience of whatever at the moment is garnering the attention.    So, with that in mind what should--I looked at Ben Rhodes' qualifications, knowing what he was involved in, the level. This is national security. This is national policy that affects millions of lives and the world and I think that the qualifications for that individual have to be profound and robust in my opinion. I mean I don't have the qualifications to do what some of these folks are doing and I wouldn't deign to think that I do. What should they be and how does that come about?    Anybody.    Ambassador Bloomfield. If I could give a perspective, Congressman Perry. I can't answer about individuals in the current administration but it has been my observation, and I made this in my testimony, that because the agencies in the national security space are so bloated with so many empowered people doing you name it, there are 80 direct reports to the Secretary of State by my count. That is just an unbelievable fact. And I would say OSD and OJCS and, as Congressman Rohrabacher pointed out, the intel community with 800 new billets layered on top of the 16 agencies.    So, that is out there. Now you have the NSC staff which has grown into several hundred. And if you could just imagine, and we all can try to imagine, the President inside the Oval Office saying, ``Who are all these people?'' You are getting huge amounts of paperwork from all of these agencies. Then, you have hundreds of people that you met once, when they came in to say hello and take your picture. I sort of can understand why he would take five people that he trusts and say close the door, we will figure it out. Sort of a treehouse mentality. I don't mean to be----    Mr. Perry. And I would agree with you. It is just a process problem. My perception in years past is that it was four or five, 10 people that the President trusted and that is who the NSC was now. It is apparent now that that is who the current President trusts and I don't blame him. But who are all these other people and why do we need them? What have they got to do with anything?    What are their responsibilities regarding the national security strategy? Anybody?    Mr. Perry. But you know what the statute is, don't you?    Mr. Perry. So, in 8 years now, we will have it done twice when it is required every single year.    Mr. Perry. So, do we need a change in the standard since, apparently, we can't abide by the standard? What are the consequences of not abiding by the standard? Poor policy, right? Poor execution.    Mr. Perry. So, hold that thought for a minute and then continue it afterward. But do you have a recommendation regarding--to me one of the bigger issues is we have all these new people, all these great minds. We can't even get a national security strategy out. How does the national military strategy follow no national security strategy? How does anybody know what the plan is?    Mr. Perry. Let me just conclude with this, Mr. Chairman. Regardless of Ben Rhodes' talents, and I acknowledge he seems like a very talented individual by what I have read and what I have seen, nothing, nothing at all regarding his talent explains or justifies deceiving the American people outwardly, regardless of the policy outcome.    The ends do not justify the means and I find it reprehensible, unacceptable, and I think it is a black mark on the administration and on American policy and that is my opinion.    But with that, I yield back.