    Mr. Conyers. Thank, Mr. Chairman. Members of the Committee, without question, the victims of the September 11 terrorist attack deserve our sympathy and our help, and this Committee has worked to enact interlaw measures that attempt to provide some relief to these victims. As we consider S. 2040, the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act, we must keep in mind that this legislation is written in general terms, and we should consider its impact beyond one case, however compelling that case may be.    Among other things, S. 2040 amends the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act to create a new exception to the Act's general grant of foreign sovereign immunity. The exception would apply to claims arising from physical injury as a result of an act of international terrorism in the United States, as well as to a tortious act of a foreign state or its official, employee, or agent acting within his or her official capacity, regardless of where the tortious act took place.    The House has not previously held a hearing on this proposal, and neither chamber has held a hearing on this particular version of the legislation, so I approach this measure with an open mind. That being said, there are three overarching points that should inform our discussion today.    To begin with, the purpose of sovereign immunity is to ensure that disputes among Nations are ultimately resolved through diplomatic efforts rather than litigation. Customary international law provided absolute immunity for states in the courts of other states.    Nevertheless, in the last century, many countries, including the United States, came to realize that it was unfair to provide immunity in cases where countries were engaged in non-sovereign activities, such as ordinary commerce.    For this reason, countries began recognizing certain limited exceptions to sovereign immunity. The Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act codified the customary law of sovereign immunity recognized by our country at the time of the Act's enactment in 1976, including certain exceptions to sovereign immunity.    The Act also removed the need for, and the ability of the State Department, to make case-by-case determinations of whether a foreign state defendant was entitled to sovereign immunity and left such determination to courts as a matter of statutory interpretation, which in theory depoliticized such determinations.    In light of this history, we should consider what impact changing the scope of exceptions to sovereign immunity may have on United States interests. The Administration, some allied Nations, and others have raised the concern that the enactment of S. 2040 may lead to retaliation by other countries against the United States, given the breadth of our interests and expansive reach of our global activities.    For example, they contend a country like Afghanistan or Pakistan, under a future hostile regime, may enact legislation abrogating sovereign immunity to allow suits against the United States, against United States officials, or even our military personnel in response to drone strikes, or other activities in their countries.    The bill's supporters, on the other hand, argue that the already-existing exceptions to sovereign immunity, including the current state-sponsored terrorism exception, and the prior understanding of the tort exception, that this bill purports to restore, have not resulted in any meaningful retaliation against the United States.    So, finally, we should consider the impact this measure may have on our Nation's counterterrorism efforts. The bill's proponents argue that it will enhance such efforts by raising the prospect of depriving terrorists of resources, and deterring future terrorism financing.    On the other hand, others say that it will hamper cooperation from other countries because they may become more reluctant to share sensitive intelligence in light of the greater risks that such information may be revealed in litigation.    While this bill and the underlying litigation that spawned it arose from an emotionally searing event, I hope that we can be both respectful and clear-eyed as we consider the arguments to be presented by our distinguished witnesses. And so accordingly, I look forward to an engaging debate, and I thank our witnesses for being with us to share their thoughts on these important issues. I thank the Chair.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the witnesses. Let me begin with the ambassador and the--I wanted to ask about--Egan first--all right, I will start with Mr. Egan first. Sir, the bill's supporters assert about reciprocal behavior by other countries and subjecting our countries to suits are overblown, especially given that existing exceptions under FSIA have been in place 40 years without any meaningful retaliation, or a flood of litigation against the United States. How do you feel about that?    Mr. Conyers. What impact has that had on us? Has it been minimal?    Mr. Conyers. The foreign judgments.    Mr. Conyers. Ambassador Patterson, the bill supporters argue that if we enact this measure, it could help counterterrorism activities because it would help to deter future financing and other material support for terrorist attacks in the United States, and through enhanced public scrutiny of these countries that potentially may support terrorism. Do you think that that is a logical----    Mr. Conyers. Well, Madam Ambassador, what Nations might be concerned about exposure to possible litigation in American courts if this legislation were to become law?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, sir, and I thank you for your testimony, gentlemen. Let me start with Mr. Stephan. Mr. Klingler and Professor Gurule argue that concerns about reciprocal actions against our country in response to the enactment of this S. 2040 are overblown, noting that exceptions to sovereign immunity over the last 40 years have not resulted from a flood of litigation against the United States. What is your response, sir?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much. Let me turn now to Mr. Klingler. Professor Stephan contends that the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act would allow a private litigant to leapfrog the political branches just to allege that a certain particular state sponsor, or sponsors of terrorism, based on the belief and hope rather than proof, leaving the decision of when to discard sovereign immunity to private litigants acting on incomplete information, and whose interests do not necessarily match those of our Nation as a whole. How do you respond to that, Mr. Klingler?    Mr. Conyers. Professor Stephan, do you support that view?    Mr. Conyers. Ah. Well, would you have a final comment, sir?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you sir, thank the Chair.