    Mr. Wright. Thank you, and thank you for the invitation to testify today.    Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, in particular, to discuss those proposed bills aimed at improving the FTC's processes and consumer protection enforcement.    My name is Josh Wright, and I am a university professor at the Antonin Scalia Law School at George Mason University and senior counsel at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati.    Until August 2015, I was Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission. During my career as an economist and lawyer, I have been fortunate enough to enjoy four separate positions at the FTC, ranging from a teenaged intern in the Bureau of Economics to Commissioner.    Before diving into the subject of today's hearing, I want to make clear that the views I express here today are my own. In my written statement I discuss in greater detail a number of the 17 bills that are the subject of today's hearing.    In my opening remarks I would like to discuss what I view as the key institutional challenge facing the FTC and its consumer protection mission, to more deeply integrate economic analysis at all levels of decisionmaking from staff members to the Commission. With this in mind, I would like to begin with a brief discussion of the role of economics and the Bureau of Economics at the FTC.    The Bureau of Economics provides guidance and support to the agency's competition and consumer protection activities. It is a separate unit from the Bureaus of Competition and Consumer Protection and, thus, provides independent economic advice to the Commissioners. Working within the Bureaus of Competition and Consumer Protection, the Bureau of Economics participates in the investigation of mergers and alleged anticompetitive, deceptive, and unfair acts or practices. It also conducts rigorous economic analyses of various markets and industries.    The FTC's success has been attributable in large part to its flexible enforcement authority that allows it to adapt quickly to changes in technology and business practices, its commitment to integrating independent economic analysis to guide the use of those enforcement tools, and the remarkably high quality of its staff of PhD economists in the Bureau of Economics. I have written elsewhere, and I think it's worth repeating here, that the economists assembled within the Bureau of Economics are simply the best team in any regulatory agency in the United States.    Where the FTC has been mindful of integrating economic thinking and research into its new enforcement and policy endeavors, it has performed very well. When the agency's enforcement priorities have become untethered from economic analysis, it has faltered, overreached, and become the subject of significant criticism.    As technology evolves and the FTC's consumer protection shifts into digital markets, privacy regulation, the internet of things, and the world of big data, it is more important than ever that rigorous economic analysis anchors the FTC's activities. With that in mind, I do want to specifically acknowledge Chairwoman Ramirez for her leadership on these issues and commitment to ensuring that economic analysis remains a priority for the agency.    The Commission, however, does occasionally fail to tether itself sufficiently to rigorous economic analysis in its reports, recommendations, and enforcement actions. Consider the Commission's application of its unfairness authority and its recent action against Apple. The Commission issues an administrative complaint alleging that Apple engaged in an unfair act or practice because Apple's 15-minute window which allowed consumers to void entry of a password a second time after an initial purchase did not allow parents the opportunity for express informed consent.    Apple's product design choices, including the nature of these disclosures and its choice to integrate the 15-minute window to enhance the user experience are a product of considerable investment and innovation. And as most consumers with smartphones know, this feature provides substantial benefits for consumers who don't want to experience excessive disclosures or enter passwords every time they make a purchase. Yet, the FTC cursorily dismissed Apple's design decisions and disclosures having zero benefits for consumers and only imposing harm.    To be clear, while cases like Apple are relatively rare, they are likely to be an increasing part of the FTC's portfolio. Rigorous economic analysis is the best tool the FTC has available to protect consumers against a risk of erroneously condemning business practices that benefit consumers. For example, in Apple, greater attention to economic analysis would, in my view, have kept the FTC from a harmful second-guessing of product design decisions in ways that might damage innovation.    I would like to mention one specific suggestion to the subcommittee concerning a proposal that would facilitate greater incorporation of economic analysis into Commission decisionmaking. Specifically, I would propose the subcommittee consider amending the SURE Act to mandate that the Bureau of Economics publish a separate explanation of the economic analysis of its cost and benefits of the Commission's action whenever it enters into consent decrees.    The primary benefit of this proposal would be to provide the economists within the FTC a greater role in the development of the agency's consumer protection enforcement priorities in this era of increasingly-complex cases involving rigorous analysis of policy tradeoffs.    Thank you very much for your time, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Wright. Thank you, and I appreciate the question, and will say, as I did in my testimony, that I am fully supportive of the bill. As a former Commissioner, I can certainly testify to the fact that the limitations placed on communication between Commissioners by the Sunshine Act, for all of its other virtues, are a real drag, I think, on the type of collegial decisionmaking that Congress envisioned when they put the FTC together. The idea of the five-person Commission and bipartisan Commission is to encourage precisely those types of communications, especially in case--I was here for the exchange with Chairwoman Ramirez, but I would like to add to her concerns. It is not just when it is three Commissioners; when it is four Commissioners, when it is five Commissioners, and one is recused or there is a vacant seat, even when the Commission has its full complement, I think there are considerable virtues to the bill that arise on a regular basis.    Mr. Wright. I think what it does, as I read the current bill, bipartisan majority is defined as a group of three or more. In my mind, the modification to any bipartisan combination of Commissioners would free situations to allow one-on-one communications.    Mr. Wright. Yes. So that, when I see a colleague at Starbucks, I can grab them and talk to them or, if I walk into the parking garage, I don't have to leave.    Mr. Wright. Sure. So, I am a law professor. I teach the common law to my students all the time. And one of the things that is sort of the first lesson that they learn in contract law, or what have you, is to understand where the line is, you need to know something that falls on each side of it.    And so, I have been occasionally frustrated with the perception that, when the FTC puts out a pile of consent decrees that come through a process, it looks a little bit different, like the process in front of an Article III judge, that we can refer to those as having the virtues of a common-law-type process.    I think for parties to understand quite simply where the line is, it is critical that the agency be transparent, both with respect to its views on what violates the law and what does not. And to the FTC's credit, on many instances the FTC is sort of on the right side of promoting transparency with respect to standards. Just a year ago, the agency put forth guidance on its unfair methods of competition statute, policy statement, which I think some had been asking for for decades and decades.    Merger guidelines, the unfairness statement, the deception statement, the agency has been on the right side of this for some time. I do think, as the economy shifts into digital markets, privacy regulation, the internet of things, more complicated business practices that involve tradeoffs, that involve costs and benefits--they are not simple fraud cases that are all harms, no benefits--as we increasingly shift into those areas, I think it is more important now than ever that the agency continue that trend and maybe even extend it more strongly in those areas where I think guidance is especially needed.    Mr. Wright. Yes, I think adding information with respect to--it is true I did hear the answer on the earlier panel. The FTC does disclose some of this information already.    In my view, some form of aggregated disclosure, so as to avoid some of the confidentiality concerns that arise, some sort of aggregated information that would tell companies these are the types of characteristics of cases where we close, these are the types of characteristics. You can get the other side or you can read the complaints and say, ``I understand the types of characteristics that lead the agency to bring a case.''    In my view, while we do this sometimes, I think we are a little short of the mark at the FTC in terms of providing some aggregated information to give a sense of when we do not bring cases or when we close. To the extent that the bill furthers that, I think that it is a step in the right direction.    Mr. Wright. Yes, that is a fair statement.    Mr. Wright. Sure. You are talking to an economist. So, there is a cost to everything. Most of my students would tell you there is a big cost of being in my classroom.    Mr. Wright. I will tell you when the microphone is not on.    So, there is certainly a cost to consent orders. There is a cost to compliance. There is a cost to injunctive relief that changes behavior that is in the consent order. Sometimes we want to incur those costs because we are getting, as Professor Vladeck said, a big bang for the buck in terms of consumer return. We are stopping fraud.    Sometimes, whether it is competition or consumer protection, we are stopping behavior that we are really not sure about what its effects on consumers are. We are sort of drawing a big fence around the firm's behavior and hoping for the best. This is the reason, precisely the reason, you want economists in the room who are trained, sort of by definition, to think about those tradeoffs. If you start from the premise that everything the agency does is good for consumers, this is a really easy hearing. Just do more of all the things.    Mr. Wright. I agree that most of the time our consents don't necessarily ask the firms to get prior permission from the agency, but sometimes they do. The Apple consent, the line of consents that comes from those inapt purchase cases do exactly that. Those are product design cases that say, if you want to change your product in a particular way, either you can't or you must get permission. That is precisely what those do.    And I think something for the committee to consider is those types of cases I think are going to be an important and increasing part of the agency's portfolio over time. If you go back 20 years, most of what the agency did was fraud, and frauds are relatively easy cases. Fraud is bad. You don't need a PhD economist to write you a 20-page memo on fraud, right? You need them to write it once and, then, copy it every time.    But the types of activities where the agency is applying its enforcement authority are different. They are complicated. There are tradeoffs. There may well be harm in these inapt purchase cases with disclosures, but there may also be benefits to the 15-minute window. And that is precisely where you need some sort of calibration, where you need economic analysis to have a bigger seat at the table within the agency than it did 10 years ago, 20 years ago, or probably ever.    And I will say one small point, if I may, which is I have been following the FTC since I was intern in the Bureau of Economics. I pay pretty close attention to what the Bureau of Economics does. In my view, since I have followed the agency, contrary to some of the remarks that I have heard, while they may perform an input into most of the cases, I can't bring myself to say ``all,'' my own view is BE right now is less influential than it has been over the past three decades.