    Ms. Norton. I understand, Ms. Barr, while we have Secretary Clinton's, we don't have any from Secretary Powell because he didn't save his. Is that right?    Ms. Norton. Thank you.    Now, when we get a chronic problem like this that keeps coming back, we often set up an officer or another department or another part of government to help us out. So I of course noticed, indeed, in fact, in H.R. 653 there is the creation of a Chief FOIA Officers Council. It would be run jointly by the DOJ's Office of Information Policy and the Office of Government Information.    This question is initially for Ms. Pustay because your office would be tasked to run the Office of Government Information Services. Do you support the notion of a Chief FOIA Officers Council.    Ms. Norton. Well, let me turn to the chief FOIA officers. How do each of you feel about the notion of a Chief FOIA Officers Council? Would it be beneficial to you in any way?    Ms. Norton. Have you given any thought to that? You are the ones that it seems to me ought to be consulted about this.    Ms. Norton. Well, I think the committee would benefit from your advice and counsel, particularly since there has been a subcommittee hearing here. The Subcommittee on Government Operations had a FOIA hearing and heard from Frederick Sadler. He has previously served as a FOIA officer at the Food and Drug Administration. Let me read to you what he says. ``It would seem appropriate to require agency representation at the highest level possible when the individual is also the most knowledgeable. Past experience has shown that not every chief FOIA officer has the skill set, since this is by definition not necessarily that individual's specialty.''    Ms. Barr, I will start with you. Do you agree with Mr. Sadler's comment.    Ms. Norton. What about the exchange of ideas across agency lines? Do you believe that sharing of information about agency experience and their ideas, their own best practices, what they have done right or wrong, would improve the implementation of FOIA? Would the FOIA officers have a view on that?