    Mr. Ellison. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Green. Mr. Gruenberg, I represent a district in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the 5th District of Minnesota. It is home to America's largest Somali American population. We are very proud of our community, and they make tremendous contributions to our society every day. But one of the problems that they are facing is that the money that they earn that they try to remit back home through Somali money service businesses is being reduced tremendously. Is this phenomena where we see the MSBs having their options cut part of Operation Choke Point?    Mr. Ellison. Now, when you say you don't believe so, are you saying that it could be but you just don't know about it, or just--I am not trying to be difficult.    Mr. Ellison. It is just like I am like, I would far and away prefer yes or no, and do you understand what I mean, because when you say you don't believe so--    Mr. Ellison. Okay. So no, it is not. I want to say thanks for the FDIC's statement about serving money service businesses. What kind of feedback did you get from your regulated financial institutions about the statements that you all put out, and did they think that the statements added clarity or increased understanding?    Mr. Ellison. Okay. And were the banks more willing to provide checking accounts and/or wire transfers to money service businesses serving vulnerable nations because of your statement, as far as you are aware?    Mr. Ellison. Okay. And there seems to be a disconnect between what Treasury and FinCEN say and what examiners tell banks specifically about know-your-customer requirements. Banks believe that they must know their customer's customer even though FinCEN and Treasury say that is not necessary. Do you want to--do you have any reflections on that?    Mr. Ellison. Right. So, I have talked to a lot of bankers about this problem, and what they tell me is that they feel the need to be infallible even though infallibility is not a required standard. Do you think there is a disconnect or do you think that the rules are very clear? Do you think there is some more clarity that we could be doing?    Mr. Ellison. Is the FDIC part of any interagency working group to restore remittances pipeline?    Mr. Ellison. Can you give me some assessment about how well that interagency group is working?    Mr. Ellison. Yes. Has the FDIC engaged with the working group on remittances to East Africa convened by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC)?    Mr. Ellison. Yes.    Mr. Ellison. You could respond to that in writing. Do you know anything about the FFIEC?    Mr. Ellison. Okay. Do you think that they can make a contribution toward restoring humanitarian remittances? Do you think they are an important player to have involved?    Mr. Ellison. Okay. All right. I think that is pretty much the end of my time. So, I want to say thank you, and any other additional questions, we will submit in writing.    Mr. Ellison. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.