    Mr. Shepherd. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, Ranking Committee Member Conyers, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, for the opportunity to testify today. Let me summarize my main point, and then explain it in detail.    In the Chevron decision and cases following it, the courts have often given deference to legal interpretations. However, as Professor Duffy has noted, the Administrative Procedure Act said and still says the opposite. The APA explicitly says that there should be no deference on pure issues of law. And the APA's legislative history backs that up.    Let me now discuss this in a bit more detail. The APA was a compromise between liberal New Dealers, including President Roosevelt, and conservative opponents of the New Deal. It is the bill of rights for the administrative state. It has remained in force with little change for 70 years.    What does this founding document say about judicial review? The APA says that there should be no deference on issues of law. So here is the provision, the scope of review: The reviewing court shall decide all relevant questions of law and interpret constitutional and statutory provisions.    The provisions of the APA don't say anything about giving any deference on questions of law. If the drafters had wanted to, they knew how to create deference. Indeed, other nearby parts of the APA said that there should be deference on issues of fact. And the provision of the APA really means what is it says. To see this, let's look at the legislative history.    By the early 1940's, the Court had developed the following system: The Court said that there would be deference for agency decisions of fact, and for agency decisions of mixed fact and law. But there would be deference for decisions of law. At the time of the APA, everyone understood that the APA would codify and restate the Court's existing approach. This was shown by the understanding of three groups: first, participants in the legislative process; second, contemporary commentators; and finally, the courts.    First, the participants in the legislative process said this. As the bill that became the APA worked its way through Committees, all the reports said just that. For example, the Senate Judiciary Committee said, seeks merely to restate the several categories of questions of law for judicial review.''    Likewise, in testimony in the House Judiciary Committee, the Attorney General said: ``This declares the existing law concerning the scope of judicial review.''    The Senate and House reports indicated the following: ``This subsection provides that questions of law are for courts rather than agencies to decide in the last analysis.''    The second group that said that the APA confirmed existing law was contemporary commentators. They said this in publications that appeared shortly after the APA became law in 1946.    For example, one commentator wrote in 1948 that ```would appear to be quite simply a restatement of the present powers which reviewing courts possess, and frequently exercise, of reviewing relevant questions of constitutional and statutory law . . .' ''    The third group that understood the APA to merely restate existing law was the courts.    Mr. Shepherd. Was the courts.    Mr. Shepherd. The button was not pushed.    Mr. Shepherd. Yes. What is referred to in my written testimony, the majority--there was an attorney general's committee on administrative law that produced two reports: One was the majority report, which was more in tune with the New Deal liberals; and the minority report, which was more conservative. The majority report proposed an approach like Chevron. It suggested that that might be a good idea. It was proposing that to the courts. However, the statute that eventually became law, the APA, did not include that proposal. So that was rejected. The APA was the compromise, and the compromise that ended up had some things for conservatives, and some things for liberals, and the compromise did not include that Chevron approach.    Now, the question of how did Chevron possibly occur given that the APA is very clear that there should be no deference on the issues of law? Time passes. I don't know. It's a puzzle.    Mr. Shepherd. I've already mentioned that briefly, that that's exactly what happened. There was a proposal to--from an attorney general's committee to allow Chevron-style deference, and that proposal did not find its way into the ultimate compromise.