    Mr. Lynch. Well, I appreciate the congratulations and the condolences for the weather.    Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you and I also want to thank our panel of witnesses that have come forward to help the committee with its work.    While I do share President Obama's frustration with the inability of Congress to produce a balanced and sustainable immigration policy, I do have some lingering concerns about the precedence set by the President's executive actions on immigration, especially when it comes to other major issues that a future Congress may struggle to address. That is why I continue to welcome the opportunity as a direct representative of my constituents to consider and debate our Nation's immigration policy on its merits.    Regrettably, the looming February 27 deadline to avoid a shutdown of the entire Department of Homeland Security demonstrates that some Members of Congress have chosen a more drastic route in response to the President's executive action. In particular, Republican leadership is attempting, I think, to condition our Nation's continued anti-terrorism, border enforcement, and cybersecurity funding on reversing the President's immigration orders. And I am not sure, but to is a partial Government shutdown and furloughing of approximately 30,000 dedicated Homeland Security employees an appropriate response to the President's executive orders? I am not so sure that it is.    Similarly, today's hearing now attempts to tie the debate over the President's executive action to a different and unrelated issue, I think, the misguided, at times, premise that the President's immigration orders pose a threat of voter fraud by non-citizens who will somehow hijack the election process and thereby threaten our national security.    The rights of citizens in this Country to vote is one of the most basic tenets of who we are as a people and is a cornerstone of our democratic system that must be protected. However, the threat we are here to discuss today is virtually nonexistent if you look at the legal and electoral evidence.    Non-citizen voter fraud is not, in fact, an active or present threat to our national security. None of the President's executive actions on immigration launch voter fraud into the realm of a clear and present danger or national security concern.    The truth is the President's actions leave State and Federal voting requirements untouched. I want to repeat that. The President's actions leave State and Federal voting requirements untouched. They do not change Federal elections law and they leave State elections laws unaltered.    Nevertheless, it appears that we are here today to discuss voter fraud, especially by non-citizens present in the Country.    I understand some of our witnesses have expressed concerns to the contrary; however, it simply does not seem plausible that immigrants who apply for deferred action will then choose to ignore Federal and State laws prominently displayed on voter registration forms and then fraudulently attest to being a U.S. citizen just so they can illegally register to vote.    When you look at the penalties that would be on an individual in that case, that might have received a deferred status and is allowed to come to the Country, that they would risk all of that to vote in an election where only 30 or 40 percent of our own citizens, without penalty, choose to vote in those elections, it just strains the realm of credibility.    Further, this argument presumes that these people will then fraudulently vote en masse in order to affect the outcomes of elections in swing States, even though this means that under the immigration law they will be deemed ineligible for admission to the U.S. or other immigration benefits, the very kinds of benefits these people are seeking in the first place.    To fraudulently vote, non-citizens would have to ignore every real consequence of voter fraud, such as being deported if discovered. And yet some of my colleagues claim that we should be worried about a flood of these instances.    I looked at the numbers, thinking that perhaps despite all the protections in place, this is a widespread problem. But studies and investigations have shown that non-citizen voter fraud makes up .00003 percent, the tiniest percentage of votes cast in this Country.    Just to cite a few examples, only 17 instances of non-citizen voter fraud, again, .0003 percent of the total votes cast were found through Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted's own investigation, and he is here to testify today, of the 2012 general elections.    Additionally, in a State legislative hearing on the issue in Kansas last year, Secretary of State Kobach, again a guest of us this morning, could only cite 20 non-citizen registrants in the whole State. And out of the 20 non-citizens who were registered, only 5 actually voted, so they are having the same problem with non-citizens voting as we are with citizens actually coming to vote.    So, again, I am disappointed that we are here today spending our valuable time and resources on unfounded concerns, because there are some real concerns out there. I realize that the President's executive orders have spurred extremely polarizing conversations in Congress, but as the ranking member of the National Security Subcommittee, I hope I can work with you, Mr. Chairman, to refocus on our efforts on some of the very real issues that we face moving forward.    Again, I want to thank the panelists for taking the time from their important responsibilities to testify today, and I especially look forward to hearing more about what we are doing to protect the rights of eligible voters in our States and getting the 60 to 70 percent of voters who are legal citizens of this Country but who don't choose to vote.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My thanks again to the panel.    Secretary Husted, I was trying to read your reports from the Ohio Statewide election survey. Is it correct that you actually referred 135 cases of voter fraud in 2012? Are those numbers right?    Mr. Lynch. That was 135 cases out of 5.63 million voters in Ohio. I did the math and it comes out to about .00002 percent.    Secretary Dunlap, you had a chance to review your predecessor's request of review of Maine's election practices as it was considering adopting new voter ID laws. You agreed with the recommendations to continue early voting and hold off on the proposed requirements for voter identification. Secretary Dunlap, how many instances of voter fraud has Maine uncovered, if any?    Mr. Lynch. That is illegal in Maine?    Mr. Lynch. OK. There are some parts of my district I think this is going on, so I just had to question that.    Mr. Lynch. The old slogan for James Michael Curley was vote early, vote Curley, vote often. So I am correct in saying that you would generally describe voter fraud as very rare?    Mr. Lynch. Would you say the incidence of voter fraud by non-citizens is even smaller?    Mr. Lynch. I just want to go over this again. The proposition here is that these folks who have received deferred action status, and whether you agree with that or not, that is beside the point. I actually think, and I think the President agreed, that the best result would have had us coming up with a comprehensive immigration policy that would address everyone. I think even the Administration said this is imperfect. This was done, in some sense, out of frustration because we couldn't get comprehensive immigration reform done.    So now we have this deferred action executive action, and that leaves us with this situation where certain individuals are going to be allowed to stay in the Country. But if they vote, the penalty is that they would be deported. That is the penalty. And I am not sure equating people who rape and maim and rob is the same group that you are talking about going in and actually voting in an election. I don't think you can equate those.    But does it make sense that someone that has been given a chance, at least through deferred action, would go and jeopardize their status here in order to be .0002 percent of a Statewide election? What is your sense of this, Mr. Dunlap?    Mr. Lynch. Well, thank you, Mr. Secretary. I have 8 seconds left and I am just about done here.    All I can say is I am honored to be the ranking Democrat on a National Security Subcommittee, and I am sure, during this next couple of years, we are going to have a real opportunity to deal with national security issues. This, however, does not strike me as being one.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a report here entitled, Truth in Immigration: The Myth of Widespread Non-Citizen Voting, by the Maldef Legal Defense and Education Fund, that I would ask to have submitted to the record.