    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Madam Chair, and let me observe and state the obvious at the beginning that we have an excellent panel with us today and we look forward to hearing from them shortly.    The National Science Foundation and the National Institute of Standards and Technology support fundamental scientific research that is critical to American innovation and competitiveness. Our challenge is to set funding priorities that ensure America remains first in the global marketplace of ideas and products, without misusing the American people's hard-earned tax dollars.    For example, why does the Administration increase funding for the Social, Behavioral and Economic Science Directorate by over seven percent while proposing an average of less than four percent for the Biology, Computer Science, Engineering and Mathematical and Physical Science Directorates?    But I do want to emphasize and mention and applaud the steps taken by NSF to improve transparency and accountability. NSF's new policy acknowledges the need for NSF to communicate clearly and in nontechnical terms when the agency describes the research projects it funds. The new policy also emphasizes that the title and abstract for each funded grant should act as the public justification for NSF funding. It should explain how the project serves the national interest and is consistent with the NSF mission, as set forth in the 1950 legislation that created the Foundation. And I understand Dr. Cordova presented this at the November National Science Board meeting and received positive comments.    It appears the new NSF policy parallels a significant provision of the FIRST Act approved by this Committee last fall, a requirement that NSF publish a justification for each funded grant that sets forth the project's scientific merit and national interest. The reference to the 1950 original enabling legislation and its NSF mission statement is consistent with the FIRST Act, too.    NIST does valuable, important work as well, which includes maintaining industrial and technical standards and managing cybersecurity guidelines for federal agencies. But the proposed 30 percent increase in the NIST budget for next year is unrealistic.    Although there are a number of areas proposed for very large increases, the $150 million for the National Network of Manufacturing Innovation program is of particular concern. Last year, with strong bipartisan support, this Committee, the full House, and the Senate approved H.R. 2996, the Revitalize American Manufacturing Innovation Act, or RAMI. This bill authorized about $5 million per year for NNMI from NIST with the bulk of the program funding to be transferred from the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy budget at the Energy Department's Office of Science. I don't know why the Administration is ignoring the duly enacted RAMI Act.    Other than that, I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today on the subject that I mentioned above and yield back.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Dr. Cordova, let me say at the outset that that was wonderful to hear your three examples of breakthrough winners dealing with treating diseases and oil spills and the brain. And you quoted the individual I think who won the award for treating diseases as saying that there is a scientist in every child. That is a wonderful quote. I intend to plagiarize that in the future. But I think it does point to frankly the responsibility we all have and that is to make the study of science more interesting to young people. And that is the subject of another hearing, but that certainly should be a goal of ours in lots and lots of ways.    Thank you, too, for mentioning the computer--the supercomputer at University of Texas. I only wish I became Chairman of the Committee a few years earlier so I could have taken more credit for that supercomputer. But they are pleased with it and it is doing a lot of good work.    I would like to address my first couple of questions to you and ask about your policy, which I appreciate and which you mentioned a few minutes ago as well. And I just want to make sure that I understand the policy and see if you feel if the National Science Foundation policy is compatible and agreeable to the similar provision in the FIRST Act. I am not asking you to endorse the FIRST Act but just to focus on that provision as parallel.    Chairman Smith. Okay. And you I assume then support the language we have in the FIRST Act that deals with that particular subject?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you.    And, Dr. Arvizu, as Chairman of the Science Board, do you concur with that? I shouldn't ask you if you agree with Dr. Cordova because that is not fair but do you agree with the idea that the provisions in the FIRST Act that we are talking about and the NSF policy that Dr. Cordova has been promoting and when--we appreciate that--are compatible and similar and you support the language in the FIRST Act as well?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. And again, it goes below--it goes beyond agreement, you agree with our language as well and you support the language we have?    Chairman Smith. Dr. Cordova said she agreed with the language. Don't you as well or----    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you very much.    I have two other questions. Let me come back to transparency and accountability because I want to ask you, Dr. Cordova, what you think needs to be done yet. But before I get there, you had a question a while ago about the SBE directorate. Do you consider the SBE directorate any more important than any other directorates? I mentioned in my opening statement that SBE got a seven percent increase. The others--Biology, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematical, and Physical Science Directorates got less. Do you think SBE is there--more important than the other directorates? Why should it get a greater increase than the others if it should?    Chairman Smith. If you take that out--what is the increase if you take that out?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Well----    Chairman Smith. Well, that is being----    Chairman Smith. --determined--if I can, let me just ask you to elaborate because I know you are doing some----    Chairman Smith. --positive things in this regard and that is what remains to be done in the areas of transparency and accountability? I know you are making some changes and I didn't know if you wanted to elaborate on those or not.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Cordova. My time is way over.    And do you have a quick percentage--and here comes the answer. You feel like you are--oh, not yet? Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay. We will look forward to getting that.    Chairman Smith. Thank you.    Chairman Smith. Thank you.    And thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I now recognize Mr. Tonko for his questions.