    Ms. McGee. Thank you. Thank you for giving me this opportunity to speak today. I would like to start out by saying that my children are being illegally retained in Japan by Sean McGee currently employed at Nomura Securities. Under the International Parental Kidnapping Crime Act (IPKCA), he has been retaining them outside the U.S. with the intent to obstruct the lawful exercise of my parental rights.    My children, Brendan, MaryKate, Jack, and Megan are all natural born U.S. citizens, holding only U.S. passports. Sean and I are also natural born U.S. citizens, holding only U.S. passports. We are not Japanese.    My husband, Sean McGee, works for Nomura Securities. He has been retaining my children against my will since December 2012, and has not allowed them to return to the United States in over 3 years. This is not about a custody dispute. This is about my children's right to be with and be loved by both parents.    Much has transpired over the 3-plus years, most notably the fact that after an 8-day plenary hearing Judge Matthew Curry ruled that my children and I are all bona fide habitual residents of New Jersey. Jurisdiction in the State of New Jersey. Why is it so difficult to bring my American children home to the United States?    The State Department, via the Sean Goldman Act, released its first annual report on countries that refuse to return American children who have been abducted or retained by a parent abroad. Conspicuously absent from this list was the worst offender, Japan. Japan has never enforced or issued a return order for any American child being held captive there.    This scenario of one parent violating the wishes of another parent by retaining children in Japan has been going on for many years. Japan is a black hole for child abduction. All members of the McGee family are American, and they are being held hostage by their father in Japan.    Sean has been able to live a very extravagant lifestyle in Japan, thanks to his employer, Nomura Securities. He vacations regularly to Phuket, Australia, India, Hong Kong, Korea, London, and Portugal. His lavish apartment costs $14,000 per month. At the same time, our youngest daughter Megan and I were on food stamps for over a year. The gas company, PSE&G, shut our power off.    Sean has not been following through with the court orders that are required of him. He is court ordered to pay my legal fees. My lawyers are no longer representing me due to his willful neglect in payment. In addition, he was court ordered to pay the mortgage on the family home. Our home is currently in foreclosure due to his willful neglect in payment. Not only do I have no one to represent me, but I had to file bankruptcy as well. Sean is breaking the law on many levels.    Our family unit has been torn apart physically and emotionally. Not only are they held captive in Japan, but they are now victims of Sean's mental abuse. His campaign to alienate them from me and my entire family will cause lasting repercussions. The children are in grave danger due to his alcoholism and lack of supervision. Many nights they are left home alone while he is out drinking in Tokyo. The truth is that the children are struggling immensely in many areas affecting their lives, including academic, mental health, and substance abuse.    Last September, my father died, my children's grandpa, Vincent Cianciotto. Sean did not permit them to come home to attend his funeral. The role of their grandpa was one to be admired, for he took on a fatherly role for them their entire life due to Sean's lack of the ability in this area.    It pains me as a mother to be so far removed and not be able to comfort them and love them, as I have done their entire lives. You cannot imagine waking up each and every day not being able to be with your children. I miss every aspect of their being, their smiles, their laughter, and their tears.    If there are any parents in the room today, I ask you to close your eyes and envision one day where you wake up and have no idea what is transpiring in the life of your child. That is what I have been experiencing every day for the past 2\1/2\ years. A void that needs to be filled. No loving parent should have to experience this.    Japan and Nomura Securities, you are aiding and abetting a child abductor and abuser. Send my children home.    Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to tell my personal story. I hope this helps to bring awareness of the situation in order to return all our American children home.    Thank you.    Ms. McGee. Japan ignored the jurisdiction order totally and actually gave him a divorce without my consent or knowledge at the time, without me being present, without me being served. And so he has a divorce order in Japan and custody of all four children in Japan that, according to Judge O'Neill in New Jersey, has stated that he is not allowed to use that court order here. It doesn't mean anything here.    But I have no access to the children in Japan, because he has full custody over there. And it is not a legal divorce or anything.    Ms. McGee. Yes. The State Department has shut me out, because my case is before Japan signed the Hague. So I don't fall under their criteria. And I have also been told it is more of a custody battle, which it is really not. So that is what I have gotten from them, but it has been a while since I have even talked to them, because they have not been able to help me.    Ms. McGee. I spoke to the caseworkers. I think I have sent them a lot of court orders and things like that to show them, but they----    Ms. McGee. They are giving an opinion that----    Ms. McGee. Yes. Well, also the fact that mine started before they signed the Hague, so I don't count. My kids don't count.    Ms. McGee. I have to call the Congressman's office and let him know, and I had many other people call his office to let him know. So I was glad he was here.