    Mr. Messer. Thank you, Chairman.    Congratulations, Dr. King. It's great to have you here.    I want to start with a thank you and then a request for help. The thank you comes with your predecessor and your team back in September, the Federal Department of Education was very helpful to charter schools in Indiana. And I sent a letter in late September, that you may well be aware of, where it was determined that there were $2.3 million in cuts to Indiana's public charter schools, and at a time when you didn't have similar cuts to the other public charter schools.    In immediate response to that letter, the Indiana Department of Education reached out to the Federal Department of Education, and you guys very clearly and very quickly told them that their calculations were wrong and that they needed to do something about it. In fact, you set up a meeting in late September of those principals to charter schools, the State Board of Education and the Indiana Department of Education, to discuss that. So thank you. Thank you for your prompt action there.    Now, this was where my request for help comes in, because since that time there's been radio silence. You know, it's not fair that we would penalize public school students who choose to go to charter schools. And if we care about these kids, we need to do something about it.    And so I have a couple quick questions. One, are you aware of whether the Federal Department of Education has had any follow-up with the Indiana Department of Education on this issue?    Mr. Messer. So they responded in September in response to your advice that they had made the error. The Indiana Department of Education and the State's public charter school organizations say they haven't had any contact. So could you commit to me that you will work again to bring these principals back together to work on this issue?    Mr. Messer. And to be clear, if those follow-ups have happened, the public charter school organization has had no further follow-up.    Mr. Messer. And my understanding is the State Board of Education as well.    And then lastly, you know, we're now 5 months later. We're approaching the end of the year. Do you have any sense of when these schools -- and most importantly, the students they serve -- can count on getting that funding?    Mr. Messer. Okay. Thank you very much. Again, congratulations in this new appointment. You've done a very impressive job today, frankly, of answering on a wide variety of issues. And looking forward to the opportunity to work with you.    Mr. Messer. Thank you.    And I yield back a minute, 2 seconds, Chairman.