    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the chairman and the ranking member for calling this hearing.    Director Archuleta, I know there have been much bigger data breaches than this one, but I am concerned, and I share the sentiments of Mr. Connolly from Virginia. This is extremely troubling. We are talking about 4 million-plus Federal workers, people who dedicate their entire careers, indeed, their entire lives, to our Country, and now their personal information has been compromised through absolutely no fault of their own.    If I understand your testimony, the personal information of about 4 million current and former employees was potentially compromised, and I want to ask you, as your investigation continues, do you believe that that number is going to be bigger than 4 million?    Mr. Cartwright. No, it is a yes or no question, or I don't know.    Mr. Cartwright. You know what I mean when I say it is a yes or no question, right?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. Do you think it could be more than 4.2 million?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay.    Now, Ms. Seymour, let me turn to you for some more detailed responses.    Your IT professionals discovered the breach in April and also, as Mr. Connolly mentioned, they believe the hack may have begun back in December, am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. Now, something else happened in December of 2014; OPM's contractor, Keypoint, revealed that it was targeted in an earlier cyber attack. Now, this is the contractor that does the majority of your agency's background check investigations, am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. And in that case the attack against Keypoint was successful; personal information was, in fact, compromised, correct?    Mr. Cartwright. On Friday, ABC News issued a report entitled ``Feds Eye Link to Private Contractor in Massive Government Hack.'' This article says this, ``The hackers who recently launched a massive cyber attack on the U.S. Government, exposing sensitive information of millions of Federal workers and millions of others, may have used information stolen from a private government contractor to break in to Federal systems.'' The article goes on, ``The hackers entered the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, OPM's computer systems after first gaining access last year to the systems of Keypoint Government Solutions.''    It continues, ``Authorities, meanwhile, believe hackers were able to extract electronic credentials or other information from within Keypoint systems and somehow use them to help unlock OPM systems, according to sources. The hackers then rummaged through separate segments of OPM systems, potentially compromising personal information of not only the 4 million current and former Federal employees.''    Ms. Seymour, I know we are having our classified briefing later, and I thank you for coming to that, but can you comment on these reports? Did these hackers actually get what they wanted in the previous attack against OPM's contractor, Keypoint, so they could then go after OPM itself?    Mr. Cartwright. Fair enough.    Now, we know that OPM's other contractor, USIS, was also breached last year and that its information was also compromised. Can you tell us if those hackers got information in the USIS breach that they were then able to use in the attack against OPM?    Mr. Cartwright. I understand. I certainly don't want you to disclose classified information here.    Let me close by asking a final question to the whole panel, and I will let each of you answer. Federal agencies and private companies are only as strong as their weakest link. Last year we saw breaches of two contractors, Keypoint and USIS. Now we have reports that these hackers are getting into OPM information because of what they learned in those hacks.    Agencies have leverage over their contractors using the provisions in the contracts and the billions of taxpayer dollars that they pay out to the company, so I want to ask each of you how can agencies use that leverage to improve cybersecurity practices of contractors so that they do a better job of safeguarding the information that they are entrusted with.    Go ahead, right on down the line, starting with you, Ms. Archuleta.    Mr. Cartwright. The contractors as companies.    Mr. Cartwright. Dr. Ozment?    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Scott?    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you.    Ms. Burns?    Mr. Cartwright. Right.    Ms. Seymour?    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Esser?    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Chairman, I thank you for your indulgence. I also want to note that USIS was invited here today, but refused----    Mr. Cartwright. Yield back.