    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I suppose I really want to just address the SENSE Act over the coal refuse legislation. I am trying to take it from a little bit different perspective, maybe from 30,000 feet and that is all these new standards.    Just imagine the less--there will be so much less acrimony, differences of opinion, particularly back to you, Walke--if these were applicable only to new construction.    If a new coal refuse facility had to be constructed it has to follow these new standards. What I find offensive here in Washington is these new standards are put together and then they are applied retroactively back to existing facilities.    I come from the construction industry and I can just assure you right now that the Cannon Office Building doesn't comply with all the proper air quality--indoor air quality standards. It is laden with asbestos but yet we don't go back and make them retroactively address that unless we are going to do a major renovation. This room in and of itself also doesn't comply with indoor air quality standards of air turnovers. Neither does the Cannon Office Building.    The Capitol building doesn't comply. But yet we are allowed to continue to use it. We walk across floor tile that's laden with asbestos. We have got asbestos in our plaster walls and it is OK. But yet you go after a coal refuse energy facility and say these new standards, you have to go back and retroactively do that.    I just think it is disingenuous the way we approach some of these things and I think it's a disservice to the taxpayers and anyone else when we apply--in your words, picking winners and losers. In schools and office buildings, we don't make them go back and retroactively do that but yet we are doing it to industry. We are doing it to the coal industry and I am troubled with that and I just know that we'd have a lot less acrimony--I think we could get along with a lot of our regulations if we imposed a new reg only applicable to a new power plant, not to go back and shut them down.    And I am a little concerned because I'm hearing from testimony from the--and reading the document that when we have two facilities in my district in West Virginia, they are going to shut down under these standards and we are treating as though as they are not being truthful.    They can do it. I guess they can if they can get the money to do it and people are willing to pay the additional cost of energy that they are going to create as a result of that, and apparently what they have found out is that there is no interest in that. The people that are consuming don't want to pay that so they are going to close down and we are talking about in these two over $3 million in taxes that will be lost as a result. Sixty percent of that in West Virginia goes for schools.    We just cut out another $1.8 million, almost $2 million from our schools in West Virginia to accomplish something that should go forward, not retroactive. What are we thinking about when it comes to that?    I go to you, Walke. Is it more responsible to say go ahead into the future? Wouldn't you find we would have more common interests if we used common sense to apply these regs, whether it's new source performance standards? All of this and this, wouldn't it be better if we just applied it to new construction rather than old construction?    Mr. McKinley. So do you think we should shut down the Cannon Office Building then and make sure everyone leaves here because we're not in conformity with the standards that have been adopted across this country.    Mr. McKinley. But this is indoor air quality, though, Walke. That's what I'm talking about. You're subjecting all these people to have indoor air quality that is detrimental to their health. We spend 90 percent of our time indoors and we are not complying with the indoor air quality standards. But we allow that to continue because we understand the problems there would be if we tried to retroactively address old buildings.    Why aren't we looking at it into the future? Don't you think--my time is over--I am going to submit that if we made it effective to new construction, new brick plants, new coal to refuse, coal energy, that we would not have this problem right now--that they would be designed accordingly and they would be built into the cost. But to do this retroactively is not common sense, and I yield back my time. Thank you.