    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for being with us.    There are a lot of folks in the area I represent that are grateful to this Committee for increasing the resources available to the IHS. At the same time, we hear concerns about quality-of-care issues. I was hoping you could speak to how IHS intends to address issues around quality of care and what can be done further to support some of those IHS facilities that want to provide the best care possible.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Kilmer. I would like to, if that is all right.    Mr. Kilmer. I will be really brief.    One concern I heard was around provision of IHS services to folks in urban areas, and I am just hoping you can speak briefly to that and how the federal government can step up care for folks who are living off reservation or in urban areas.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary Jewell, for being with us. I would associate myself with the comments from Mr. Cole about the importance of our treaty and trust obligations to our tribes. Last year, you were kind enough to come out to our neck of the woods and meet with some of the tribes from our region. And at that meeting Billy Frank, the late chairman of the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission, talked about the treaty rights at risk initiative, specifically as it pertains to the protection of salmon.    I was hoping you could speak about what the Department is doing under your leadership to protect and advance the protection of treaty rights.    Mr. Kilmer. I also want to piggyback on something that Ms. McCollum asked about. In the area of Washington that I represent, a number of the tribes are dealing with the reality of changing landscapes and severe weather events. In fact, we have got three tribes that are in the process of trying to move to higher ground because of persistent floods and very severe storms. At the same time, they have very constrained resources financially and are struggling to figure out how they can get the funding so that they can protect sacred sites and have some semblance of public safety when these floods and storms hit.    I was pleased to see in the President's budget a number of initiatives focused on helping tribal communities, specifically with the issue of coastal resilience. But I think this is a big deal, and I think we need to do more on this front in part because we have a treaty and trust obligation. So give us some direction. How can Congress support the need of coastal tribes that are struggling to deal with these issues and initiate projects that promote public safety and protect sacred sites?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for being here, Madam Administrator. I also want to thank you for coming out to Puget Sound this past summer and for the work you and your Agency are doing to help us recover that important body of water. That is not just an economic engine for the State of Washington, but it is also a complex ecosystem in need of protection.    I was pleased to see that the President's budget included an increase for both the National Estuary Program and for the Puget Sound Geographic Fund. And I have got a couple of water related questions. One, I just want to get a sense from you of how we can better highlight our needs in Puget Sound and continue to work with the EPA to move forward with the recovery efforts there and the funding of recovery efforts there. What do we do to ensure both the Geographic Program and the National Estuary Program remain sustainable and funded? We also see in our neck of the woods not just point source pollution issues, but non point source. And we have got an entity in our neck of the woods called the Washington Stormwater Center that is looking at innovative efforts to address stormwater. To what extent does the EPA fund stormwater related activities, and are you doing work around finding solutions to stormwater financing and innovation? And, I guess, aside from funding constraints how can Congress help advance those efforts?    Mr. Kilmer. Are any of those efforts being undertaken in Region 10?    Mr. Kilmer. Okay.    Mr. Kilmer. The other thing I wanted to ask you about is that as I travel around my district I have communities that want to make investments in stormwater upgrades, businesses that are struggling to keep up with environmental compliance costs, and tribes on the coast that are literally working to relocate schools because of persistent flooding. I think these are important challenges for the EPA to take on and I would like to get a sense from you how the EPA plans to engage with communities and what initiatives the EPA is looking to pursue in that regard. I know that one of your goals is making a visible difference in communities across the country, so can you talk about how you are working with communities that are struggling with these challenges?    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Since we are talking about detention centers, I actually had a question about that. I am concerned that the BIA budget does not request any additional funds for the operation of tribal detention facilities. We have got one that was located in my state operated by the Puyallup Tribe, and you know, despite the fact that the facility was constructed in close coordination with BIA and the Division of Justice Services, the tribe has only been given less than 30 percent of the funding needed to actually operate the facility, and frankly, had they known that it was going to depend on tribal resources to operate it, I am not sure they would have moved forward with it.    So does the BIA believe that there is a need for additional funding for operations of tribal detention facilities? And, you know, after having supported construction, how do we make sure that this does not become a burden to the tribes that are operating them?    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks. I would like to work with you on that.    The BIA was looking to establish a one-stop tribal support center to serve as a gateway to services, and I appreciate that. I think that makes a lot of sense. I do want to pass on a concern that I have, and that is: it appears that one of the major features of the one-stop center is the development of an online portal, and a lot of the tribes in my district simply do not have access to high-speed broadband, and that is a big trouble in the rural areas. So what happens when important resources like that cannot be accessed by the tribes that are most in need? You know, how do we make sure that they are not missing out on some of these vital services?    Mr. Kilmer. I sure agree with you.    Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    Thanks for your testimony, as troubling as it is. One of the things that popped out to me in your testimony was the notion that 40 percent of BIA regional facility positions are currently vacant including engineers and architects and facilities managers. I get the financial challenges, but, you know, I guess I echo Ms. McCollum's comment. It seems like there would be some benefit in exploring ways to connect the Bureau's need with postsecondary institutions that are trying to train tribal members or, you know, work study programs, and I would certainly invite you to comment on that.    Moreover, you had recommended that BIA revise its strategic workforce plan to ensure BIA is getting the administrative support that they need to be successful, and unfortunately, that plan has not been revised. To what extent has GAO explored BIA's talent management practices, everything from recruitment to retention to training to see what--to see that what they have got actually meets needs?    Mr. Kilmer. Thanks. Your report also highlights what seems to be positive developments resulting from a collaborative effort among tribes in Oklahoma to manage their facilities. I know GAO intends to continue reviewing that approach to see what lessons can be learned from it, but do you have a sense of how to compare the funding that BIA provides for those sorts of efforts through fee reimbursements as compared with the funding it makes available for regional offices to hire and to retain quality staff?    Mr. Kilmer. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.