    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And, Secretary Moniz, welcome. You have had quite a busy year since our last budget meeting. And to your credit, I want to thank and congratulate you on all you have done, ranging from the Iran nuclear outcome to Paris and the climate agreement and certainly embracing innovation. Your expertise and your leadership have been critical for our Nation, if not our planet's, future security and sustainability. So an awesome thanks.    Mr. Tonko. Mr. Secretary, Mission Innovation is a critical aspect toward meeting the goals of COP21 agreement. There was consensus coming out of Paris that new technologies and energy innovation will be needed to enable the transition to a low-, if not zero-, carbon-emission future.    And, by the way, I have to tell you I did a visit to the ARPA-E Innovation Summit. Tremendous leadership there. Thank you for the foresight, for the vision, and for the structuring of such a summit.    Can you explain the United States and its financial commitment to the Mission Innovation initiative? And how much more investment would you believe is necessary to meet that 5-year goal?    Mr. Tonko. I share, certainly, that belief. It is important.    DOE's proposed fiscal year 2017 investment makes up more than three-quarters of the Government's Mission Innovation commitment, but it will really be a partnership amongst numerous agencies, the private sector, and other nations.    Can you explain just how that investment will be broken down across multiple DOE offices and Federal agencies?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And there are some 19 other countries that have also made R&D commitments. What are the benefits of working with international investors? And what is the cooperative, collaborative research concept that you are hoping for here?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary, I have used up my time. Let me again thank you for your leadership. It is awesome. And the benefits of your leadership are showing themselves through all of this.    So, with that, I thank you and yield back, Mr. Chair.