    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for starting sort of the opening bell here for the next reauthorization effort which you and I and a number of us up here were around for the last go around.    And, Mr. Scott, when his opening remarks noted that this program was created in 1946 in the wake of World War II and it was the Richard Russell Defense School Nutrition Act because the country found to its, I think, horror, that draftees were malnourished, and that this was seen as a sort of effective national federal strategy to sort of address that issue.    Fast forward to the last reauthorization, again, we had military testimony that was in those tables there, talking about the fact that one out of four enlistees were rejected because they were too heavy to serve. And the need for national nutritional standards was something that, again, the military in some ways sort of cut through a lot of the, you know, indecision in terms of getting a bill done.    In 2013, five four-stars from every branch, along with 450 of their senior military colleagues, issued a report called Retreat Is Not An Option, again, showing that the trend lines, in terms of, you know, what they are seeing coming in the door was still challenging and, again, I think, you know, expressed a pretty powerful support for maintaining the nutritional standards that were in the 2010 bill.    So, Mr. Chairman, first of all, for the record, I would like to have Retreat Is Not An Option entered into the record.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you.    And, so, you know, obviously, there has been a lot of back and forth since the law was passed. I visited the school cafeterias. Connecticut, you know has had some struggles, you know, with the transition. I think Secretary Vilsack has listened to people, in my experience. I mean, he did make some adjustments as we sort of moved along.    But I guess the question I would like to pose to Ms. Bauscher and Mrs. McAuliffe is, you know, on this question of nutritional standards. I mean, the federal taxpayer is in on this. We know from the, you know, the forensics of the school lunch program that it had a national objective. It had a national mission, you know, that even goes into our national defense, and, you know, I mean, when we talk about state flexibility, are we talking about basically retreating from what the military leadership is saying we need to maintain, or we are talking about, you know, maintaining standards. Anything can use improvement, but, again, I was just wondering what your association's position is.    Mr. Courtney. Just I want to give Mrs. McAuliffe a chance--