    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Madam Chair, and welcome to all of our panelists. The information feed is awesome.    I represent the capital region of New York, which has been dubbed by many to be one of the strongest hubs of growth--job growth in the clean energy innovation high tech economy. And with that we have great organizations like Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and the corporate headquarters of GE with a lot of their innovation that they are incorporating, and the Polytechnic Institute. So my desire is to continue to build the foundations to further underpin that regional economy and certainly the Nation's economy with this growth that is so important.    By the two agencies that you speak for today, I am really impressed by the work that you do. So my question is--my focus is on the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation, the NNMI effort. Dr. May, can you discuss the level of demand for additional institutes under NNMI and what area of focus do you envision for those future institutes?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. I am a solid advocate for additional funding for those innovative concepts. What--when making a selection for a new institute, what other factors are given consideration? Is it geography, for instance, taken into account or any prioritization for legacy cities that are transitioning from an older industrial reliance to perhaps a new day for--that comes via advanced manufacturing?    Mr. Tonko. Okay.    Mr. Tonko. I represent Saratoga so I understand the language. I understand that language very well.    Mr. Tonko. Okay. I appreciate that.    And to Dr. Cordova, again, welcome. My district includes the Stratton Air National Guard Base, which hosts, as you know, the 109th Airlift Wing in Schenectady, and I am proud of the fact that this year we share the 27th year that the 109th Airlift Wing has been supported by the National Science Foundation's Antarctic program as part of Operation Deep Freeze.    Over the past few months the Guard flew 241 missions delivering more than 3,000 passengers and 4.5 million pounds of cargo. Can you provide a brief update on NSF's polar research?    Mr. Tonko. Okay. That is fine.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    Mr. Tonko. And, further, do you see any future plans to modernize the polar program's aging equipment and aircraft?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. I see my time is out. Just let me throw a thank you out there for a focus on STEM education. We are working via some legislation that I have authored that I hope will continue to bolster our efforts in STEM.    And with that I thank you and yield back, Mr. Chair.