    Mr. Welch. Well, I want to in a way take up where Mr. Johnson was speaking. I had a chance to go to West Virginia and go into a coal mine with Mr. McKinley, and I'll tell you, it was a really powerful experience. Those folks work hard, as you know, and we don't have coal in Vermont, but we have electricity, and those coal miners, many from the UMW, they kept the lights on for us, kept our farms humming, kept the factories going. And there is dislocation. It happens to be the case that I am a strong supporter of efforts to clean our air and to move away from fossil fuels, but that trip really brought home to me that there is an impact on real people who are proud, who are hard-working, who approach things in a patriotic and team-oriented way, and are doing good work.    And what I think this whole committee has to do, not just the administration, is get behind some legislation that my friend, Mr. McKinley, is sponsoring. Two things, in particular. One, a lot of folks who have paid into their health care and the retirement benefits are in jeopardy of having them be lost, and Mr. McKinley and others have legislation that would protect that. And I strongly support it, and I hope a lot of my colleagues, whatever side of the debate they are on on the Clean Air rule, support Mr. McKinley in that.    And the second is, there is that kind of economic dislocation that my colleagues who are from coal country are acutely aware of. And it's amazing to meet those coal miners, and I saw Mr. McKinley in his heartfelt relationship with them in real world understanding. One very vivid example, we were there on Friday. Friday night the big custom down there is to go to the high school football games. They used to have--in this region they used to have eight high schools, now they have three. So, it's really, really tough.    So, I'm a supporter. I think that climate change is a real issue, and some of my colleagues disagree. But there in my view can't be any disagreement about the reality that there is dislocation. These are good people, and somehow, some way we've got to help them, and Mr. McKinley has two ways to do it.    But it also suggests to me that to the extent that you in doing your job at EPA can also have some flexibility, I think it's worthy of as much consideration as possible because while we have to make this transition, in my view, we also have to mitigate the real world consequences of what's happening.    So, I appreciate you being here, I appreciate the work that you're doing. I say to my colleagues that this is not just an EPA issue, because whatever impact is occurring because of rules, there are also market forces that are very much at work. The price of natural gas is a big factor, efficiency which is a good tool is reducing the demand in some cases from what it would be. So, this is a kind of all-of-the-above approach that we have to take.    And I just want to end by saying thank you for the work you do, but I also want to say to my colleagues from coal country that you've got some allies on our side who want to be there to help you help those extraordinary people who have kept the lights on in Vermont, kept our farms running, kept our factories operating. So, thank you.