    Mr. Collins . The gentlelady's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Collins. At this time, the gentlelady from Washington State, Ms. DelBene, is recognized.    Mr. Collins. The gentlelady's time has expired. At this time, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert, is recognized.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. But the witness may answer.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman, Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Poe.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. But the witness can answer.    Mr. Collins. You have unanimous consent to submit as many as you like, Judge.    Mr. Collins. Well, we just are better expressing ourselves in our eloquence and slow southern execution.    Mr. Collins. With that, the Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Texas, Ms. Sheila Jackson Lee.    Mr. Collins. The gentlelady's time has expired. But the gentleman can answer.    Mr. Collins. Thank you. The gentlelady's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Marino.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Jeffries.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Collins. The gentleman yields back. Now the Chair recognizes himself for questions.    Mr. Salgado, there has been an issue, and we brought this up here in this emergency issue of provisions, emergency disclosure mechanisms, and Mr. Littlehale, actually, in his written testimony, that the primary emergency disclosure mechanism currently in law are voluntary. He also mentions that companies are often--and this is his words--unable or unwilling to respond to law enforcement's lawful demands in a timely manner.    Now, I think we all would agree true emergencies are there, and as a son of a Georgia State trooper, there's not going to be anybody that would deny the need from a law enforcement perspective. However, it seems to be implying that there's something missing here. So we did a little bit of research in our office and with others, and based on the concerns we saw, that publishing Google's transparency report, based on that report, which we have looked at, it says Google received 171 emergency disclosure requests and provided at least some data in response to 80 percent of emergency disclosure requests.    One, I think, for most people to understand it, we've looked into it, but I'd like to hear your answer. To better understand that, can you explain why Google responded to only 80 percent of these requests, break down those numbers for us, and why couldn't the response rate be 100 percent, given what has been heard from Mr. Littlehale here.    Mr. Collins. Yes.    Mr. Collins. Okay. And just real quickly, but you went on with your answer long enough to bring up a question. Are you making that determination if the emergency situation is still ongoing?    Mr. Collins. Not the law enforcement agency offering?    Mr. Collins. Okay. Mr. Littlehale, when you testified before House Judiciary Committee in 2013 about the emergency disclosure issue, you said that some providers make a decision never to provide records in the absence of legal process, no matter the circumstance.    Can you identify the service providers that have a policy of categorically rejecting emergency requests in the absence of compulsory legal process? If not, why?    Mr. Collins. Well, I tell you what. I would like to request you can submit that in a nonpublic forum, but I'm really concerned here that we're making a categorical statement without categorical proof.    Mr. Collins. No, I want to know--you made a direct statement.    Mr. Collins. Mr. Littlehale, you made a direct statement. It wasn't anecdotally. I didn't start off by saying, ``Anecdotally, providers make a decision never.'' You said in your testimony, providers make a decision never to provide records in the absence of legal process, no matter the circumstance, and that's a very direct statement against the business practices of Internet providers.    Is it true? Is it not true? Do you have evidence? Or do you not have evidence?    Mr. Collins. But you don't have evidence. You made a statement that is not grounded, except anything and anecdotally.    Mr. Collins. Well, I was told that there was a Santa Claus, but I found out real quickly there wasn't. I mean, I'm trying to figure out----    Mr. Collins. I'll just let that one sit.    Mr. Ceresney, during an exchange with Senator Leahy in a Senate hearing on this topic, you said that with regard to phone calls, you're not seeking authority, the criminal--authority that criminal authorities have that civil agencies do not, but in seeking to get access to emails without a warrant, you're essentially seeking something more than the authority, the criminal authorities have. Isn't that contradictory?    Mr. Collins. So what are you seeking?    Mr. Collins. Then what are you seeking? I'll give you a chance to clarify that.    Mr. Collins. Well, I think it's--and like I said, it's interesting that some of the testimony that's been given here, and I think, you know, it's very concerning from some issues of anecdotal evidence and real evidence and discussion, especially on the SEC side, when you're, you know, giving the--you know, your own report saying you're doing more than you've ever done here, yet without this, by choice or decision, however you're wanting to do it.    Mr. Calabrese, one last question for you, as my time is now over. But in dissent from the FTC request of civil agency carve out, FTC Commissioner Brill wrote, ``I am not convinced that this authority is necessary to maintain the commission's effectiveness as a law enforcement agency now or in cases that we can presently foresee. On the other hand, I am concerned that the judicial mechanism for civil law enforcement agencies to obtain content from ECPA providers could entrench authority that have potential to lead invasions of individual privacy, and under some circumstances, may be unconstitutional in practice.''    Could you speak very briefly. Do you agree or disagree with his concern?    Mr. Collins. Well, I appreciate it. In looking around and seeing how it's just me and the distinguished Ranking Member, this concludes today's hearing. I'd like to thank all the witnesses for attending. Without objection, all Members have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And with that, this hearing is adjourned.