    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and let me welcome our witness. Thank you very much.    It is disappointing that we are not doing our jobs and having hearings on the impacts of climate change on our Nation. That is what we should be doing. Instead, we are going to dissect, for the second time in this Congress, the Administration's attempt to merely understand the carbon impact of our Federal decisions.    The arguments for doing so are simple and strong: various agencies and dozens of lawsuits have concluded that analyses done under NEPA, an environmental law, should consider the mother of all environmental issues, climate change. But different courts are giving different agencies slightly different mandates. And the agencies that are already doing it, are not all doing it in the same way.    CEQ's guidance provides clarity, consistency, and predictability across agencies for various industries and stakeholders. By reducing litigation, it also reduces taxpayer costs. I can usually rely on my friends on the other side of the aisle to argue for these outcomes.    At the same time, the arguments against the guidance are not particularly compelling. We will hear claims that the guidance contains requirements for agencies instead of recommendations, because agencies will follow guidance as if it were law. But then we will hear that CEQ chose not to follow the guidance of OMB about cost-benefit analysis.    Which is it? Is guidance always followed or not? We can't have it both ways. And we will hear that individual projects undertaken by the Federal Government are too small for us to be able to prove that they contribute to climate change. This shows a profound lack of understanding, or denial, about how climate change works. These arguments help us understand what this hearing is really about, it is about climate denial.    In our hearing on this guidance last year, a climate denier was a Majority witness who garnered much of the time and questions. In fact, the majority on this committee has frequently given climate deniers legitimacy by inviting them to testify.    And of course, there is the Science Committee Chairman's holy war against anyone who would dare ask whether the biggest oil company on the planet has broken the law in its quest to distort, delay, or deny climate science.    We cannot afford the luxury of playing political games with our climate. That time is up. Yesterday, in fact, 375 members of the National Academy of Sciences, including 30 Nobel laureates, published an open letter to draw attention to the serious risks of climate change, and the irresponsibility of political leaders who deny the risk.    The statement, signed by a set of scientists that includes long-time Republican voters and that represents a broad political spectrum, begins by saying, ``Human caused climate change is not a belief, a hoax, or a conspiracy. It is a physical reality.'' The letter continues that it is of great concern that the Republican nominee for President has advocated U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Accord. The consequences of opting out of a global community would be severe and long lasting for our planet's climate and for the international credibility of the United States.    And I would ask unanimous consent to submit the letter in its entirety for the record, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. So ordered.Mr. Grijalva. Thank you. In May of this year, I held a forum in which we heard directly from American citizens that are already refugees in their own country because of climate change. Deme Naquin, from the Isle de Jean Charles Band of Biloxi-Chitimacha-Choctaw Natives in southeast Louisiana testified, ``Over the last 60 years, we have lost 98 percent of our land due to coastal erosion, land subsidence, and powerful storms enhanced by sea-level rise. We have lost 22,000 acres in this time. Our island is disappearing fast.''    It is a classic case of environmental injustice because Native American communities typically do the least among us to contribute to climate change, but they bear the impacts first and worst.    I would support a discussion about the best way to stop the worst effects of climate change. I would welcome a debate about the best way for us to shore up our resilience to the warming that is already in the pipeline. But this hearing is about whether we should close our eyes and hope that climate change goes away. I promise it won't.    Mr. Grijalva. With that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. It is good to see we are both on the same page.    With that, we want to welcome our witness, Ms. Christy Goldfuss, who is the Managing Director of the White House Council on Environmental Quality. Thank you for being here again. Thank you for talking about this voluntary guidance, which everyone has to do. In fact, I think we are going to give you that shirt that says, ``She Who Must Be Obeyed.'' And you get 2 extra minutes if you understand the reference.    Mr. Grijalva. Yes, I do. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Director Goldfuss, thank you for being here again. As a history major----    The Chairman. That is one step below poli-sci, right?    Mr. Grijalva. Perhaps a step below poli-sci, in some people's estimation. But as a history major, I mean, there is a glaring lesson that we were taught about it repeating itself. And also to be able to understand what was and what is now. So, I think there is some application to the discussion today.    Let me ask you. Do you and your colleagues at CEQ believe the earth's climate is changing?    Mr. Grijalva. Do you and your colleagues believe that burning fossil fuels and the resulting release of greenhouse gases into our atmosphere contributes to climate change?    Mr. Grijalva. So, the bottom-line question is, is climate change real?    Mr. Grijalva. OK. And why should we care, I think is kind of the part of the question today. It appears to me that our changing climate is playing a role in the prolonged and more severe drought, longer and more intense fire seasons, more frequent and dangerous weather events, accelerated coastal erosion, habitat loss, and on and on and on. Do you share the conviction that climate change is having serious detrimental impacts on our environment? And could you discuss some examples?    Mr. Grijalva. For the benefit of all of us I want to just read the stated purpose of NEPA. The laws, that CEQ was created to help implement, state--``To declare a national policy which will encourage productive and enjoyable harmony between man and his environment, to promote efforts that will prevent or eliminate damage to the environment and biosphere, and stimulate the health and welfare of man.''    If climate change is indeed real, and I believe it is, as you do, and if the impacts of climate change are those we just discussed, would you say we are currently living up to the goals set by Congress in NEPA, and that we should live in a productive and enjoyable harmony with our environment? Are we there yet?    Mr. Grijalva. Director, my question is not whether or not CEQ should be issuing this guidance. My question is why it has taken CEQ this long to make this obvious and overdue step.    Can CEQ, the Interior Department, the Agriculture Department, or any aspect of our Federal Government possibly claim to be living up to the goals set forth in NEPA if we continue to deny climate science and ignore climate change in our decisionmaking?    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you. You should have taken another 2 years.    Mr. McClintock.    Mr. Grijalva. Mr. Chairman, if I may, there is some analysis going on as to the effects of climate change on memory.    Mr. Grijalva. And perhaps that is part of the impact that we could study.    The Chairman. You are not recognized.    The Chairman. Mr. Lowenthal, it is your turn.