    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Secretary, it is good to see you again. Before I get into my questions, I would like to engage in a topic that you and I have had a conversation about many times before. And I would be remiss if I didn't highlight my disappointment with your Department's recent decision to withdraw support for the American Centrifuge Project down in Piketon, Ohio. I think this is a very seriously flawed decision. I believe that by allowing the ACP to shutter operations, we are essentially seriously further hindering our ability to readily provide domestically enriched uranium for national security purposes.    And one of my biggest concerns is the contradictory nature of the decision in light of the very report that your Department produced upon which the decision was made, because one of the viable options in that report that was discounted was discounted because of the loss of the workforce from a previous facility. And I worry about how this loss of this uniquely skilled workforce is going to play out over time, and how that could be detrimental when DOE eventually decides, once again, that we need to build out our domestic uranium enrichment capability. That workforce is not going to sit there and wait. Those people have got to find jobs somewhere, and they are not going to be sitting idly by.    So I just wanted to reiterate one more time, Mr. Secretary, that I believe that is a very flawed decision. And I hope you will take that under consideration. And if there is any way to reverse it, you certainly have my support, and I believe many of my colleagues as well.    Mr. Johnson. Certainly.    Mr. Johnson. If I could interrupt you, Mr. Secretary, they have been made available, because Congress continues to fund that project. How can you say they are not available?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I don't think I grasp that.    Mr. Johnson. We will take that offline, because that is a new one that I am not familiar with. Because the cascade is there now. And the cost to change that cascade to an operational one seems to me would be a lot cheaper than starting from scratch.    Mr. Johnson. OK. Let's talk about it. Now, another USEC-related question, you said that Congress gave DOE authority in 2000 to use the USEC funds, which is the American Centrifuge Project, for the D&D cleanup. But from 2000 through 2015 or 2016, that was never proposed. Why now would the budget propose using the D&D--or the USEC funds to fund the D&D? Just a clarification.    Mr. Johnson. OK. We will talk offline. Thank you.