    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And before I get into questions, I would briefly like to express my gratitude and appreciation to the Appropriations Committee and the Members of Congress for allowing me to serve in the seat of our friend and colleague Alan Nunnelee held. I know everyone who knew him was heartbroken of his passing, and although I do not believe his shoes can be filled, I hope to serve this Committee with the best interests of the United States in mind, just as our good friend Alan did for four years.    With that said, Director Comey, I appreciate your being here and I appreciate the sacrifices that your people and the magic in your agency, as you so eloquently said, provides for our security and protection here at home, and I am sorry for your loss, too, as well as the three FBI agents. We, too, have lost a U.S. Marshal, Josie Wells, in the past month, and he was from south Mississippi, and it was in the line of duty and he left a wife and unborn child to carry on his legacy. So we know what you all sacrifice day in and day out and some of the best people in the world serve in our law enforcement. I would like to follow up real quick on something that Chairman Rogers mentioned; he brought up China, and China is something from Armed Services and Homeland Security, my former committees, as always, have piqued my curiosity. They seem to be aggressively building up their military and their space capabilities. And it sounded--and I do not want to put words in your mouth--that we know China, the government of China is involved in cyber attacks on the American Government and American enterprise. And so knowing that, and just indicting five individuals to kind of expose them and shame them I do not think really works with China, since it has the consent of their government.    So with that, how do we counter these cyber--what would you recommend to us on how we counter these cyber threats, both internally and externally? And I guess you can focus on China or an unnamed country, if you do not want to pound on them; I would just like to hear your thoughts.    Mr. Palazzo. And I understand the cyberthreat is real and I think Congress and the American people are recognizing that it is real and it is a clear and present danger. I hope that we are doing everything that we can, as Members of Congress, to provide your agency, as well as others with the resources to counter this threat, because it is not just illegally downloading music, but it is a huge fear that if they engage in some form of cyber attack, that it could, you know, cripple our critical infrastructure and the last thing I would want to see is the lights go out and your ATM does not work, your navigation on your car and your phone, I think it would cause a huge amount of panic in our country. You also mentioned something about the siren song of the radical Islamists and these people you mentioned, we really do not see them, they are not obvious to us in the large extent because they are in their basements consuming this form of poison. Can you, for lack of a better word, profile, what this person would be, and is there a certain, you know, something about their demographics that make them vulnerable to this poison? Because I agree with you that it is a poison and we do not need our young--we do not need anybody in America consuming it.    Mr. Palazzo. Thank you, Director.    I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Palazzo. I am good, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.