    Mr. Giannetta. Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. My name is Robert Giannetta, and I'm currently the chief information officer at US Investigations Services, LLC, which is often referred to as USIS or USIS. I joined USIS as the CIO in August 2013. Before then, I was with BAE Systems, Nextel, and Verizon. I also served in the United States Navy.    Until August 2014, USIS performed background investigation work for the United States Office of Personnel Management. When I started working at USIS, the information technology systems it used to perform OPM background investigation work were operating under two security certifications, known as authorities to operate, which issued from OPM in 2012. Those authorities to operate required annual review of USIS systems. OPM's 2014 review included approval of USIS system security plans and a site visit in May of 2014.    In June 2014, USIS self-detected a cyber attack on its information technology systems. USIS immediately notified OPM and initiated a comprehensive response plan pursuant to USIS' written OPM-approved incident response plan. USIS' response included retaining the highly regarded independent forensics investigations firm Stroz Friedberg to lead the investigation and remediation efforts.    USIS instructed Stroz Friedberg to leave no stone unturned in their investigation. USIS invested thousands of person hours and millions of dollars to investigate and remediate against the attack. By early June 2014, those efforts succeeded in blocking and containing the attacker.    The Stroz investigation was also able to develop significant technical details about how the attack occurred, what the attacker did within the USIS systems, and which systems and data were potentially compromised. All of this information was openly shared with OPM as well as other government agencies.    In addition, USIS invited US-CERT and other government investigators into its facilities in late July 2014 and gave them full access to USIS systems. In August 2014, OPM issued a stop-work order to USIS and subsequently terminated its longstanding contractual relationship with the company. This led USIS to exit the background investigation business and ultimately to bankruptcy.    Just yesterday, I was invited to appear to testify before the committee. I'll do my best to answer any questions you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Giannetta. I do not.    Mr. Giannetta. I understand they declined the request.    Mr. Giannetta. I don't have that information. I am not aware who made that decision. It certainly wasn't me.    Mr. Giannetta. I can ask.    Mr. Giannetta. I will take it back to counsel and see what we can do.    Mr. Giannetta. Sir, I am the chief information officer at USIS. I interact almost never with the board of directors. I don't know----    Mr. Giannetta. I did.    Mr. Giannetta. I don't recall the exact amount.    Mr. Giannetta. It was in the neighborhood of $95,000.    Mr. Giannetta. I am not in that communication chain, so I don't.    Mr. Giannetta. Again, I am the chief information officer at USIS. I really don't know.    Mr. Giannetta. I don't know the board of directors. I know the chairman's name is Steve Alesio. I don't anybody else at the board. I apologize.    Mr. Giannetta. That's correct.    Mr. Giannetta. Indeterminate, but within the next month or so, I will be departing.    Mr. Giannetta. I will certainly take your request back to the appropriate people.    Mr. Giannetta. In our intrusion in June of 2014, it was within our systems.    Mr. Giannetta. Yes.    Mr. Giannetta. I think that's a good definition.    Mr. Giannetta. Absolutely.    Mr. Giannetta. So that we could take appropriate or more appropriate actions to protect data.    Mr. Giannetta. I was not.    Mr. Giannetta. No.    Mr. Giannetta. So my role began at USIS in August of 2013 as the chief information officer. I don't have any knowledge, direct or indirect, of who approved or disapproved----    Mr. Giannetta. I don't have that knowledge.    Mr. Giannetta. Certainly.    Mr. Giannetta. In the discussion we had earlier about the shared responsibility to notify from a contractor to the government and the government to the contractor, that is correct.    Mr. Giannetta. I'm not qualifying it. I'm suggesting that we were required and obligated by our contract to notify OPM that we had an intrusion, which we did immediately. And in the discussion that was held earlier, OPM recognized that they did not notify USIS or, I believe, KeyPoint of their intrusion of March of 2014.    Mr. Giannetta. In my humble estimation, it was one-way.    Mr. Giannetta. Well, I'm not a lawyer or a contract expert. I don't have the contract in front of me. But my understanding is that there's a requirement to notify, to say, we've got an issue, here's what the issue is, so that there's a free flow and sharing of information.    Mr. Giannetta. That's correct.    Mr. Giannetta. Absolutely.    Mr. Giannetta. The CERT team?    Mr. Giannetta. We invited the CERT team to our facilities in Grove City, PA, formally via a letter. And the CERT team arrived shortly after receiving that letter and enumerated our network and understood through discussions with our technicians as well as the third party that we hired what had transpired from the 5th of June through the time they arrived.    Mr. Giannetta. Let me just be clear that I didn't write the letter you're referring to.    Mr. Giannetta. I'm just suggesting that I didn't write the letter.    Mr. Giannetta. We did not receive a briefing from CERT as to the findings that they had vis--vis the intrusion. We did receive----    Mr. Giannetta. If I could finish, we did receive some recommendations relative to what we might do to----    Mr. Giannetta. Our invitation to CERT requested their assistance in identifying threats to our network, and we did not receive that.    Mr. Giannetta. If I may.    Mr. Giannetta. It's my understanding from our forensic investigator, Stroz Friedberg, that what was found by the CERT team vis--vis Ms. Barron-DiCamillo's comments was not information that they hadn't already discovered. In other words----    Mr. Giannetta. That----    Mr. Giannetta. Thank you.