    Dr. Gosar. Yes, Mr. Chairman.    Before I go into my testimony, I would like to have the Iran deal placed into the record in regards to trying to take away coal from the United States but it is good enough to sell to Iran for their uses.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Dr. Gosar. Thank you.    First of all, I am extremely disappointed that the Office of Management and Budget declined to testify today. I am not surprised though, as apparently the Administration is just making this stuff up as they go.    The flawed estimates and the worthless models that are of today's topic were developed behind closed doors and are so indefensible that it makes sense why the Obama administration will not want to send a single person to answer on those questions.    Just as the President has used the Department of Justice, the IRS, and the Department of Homeland Security as a political weapon, he now has expanded his arsenal to include a new tool for the EPA and his regulatory henchmen.    The far-reaching application of this new climate change model is so broad and inaccurate that there is no telling how many jobs will be lost as the President seeks to further his far left political agenda by any and all means necessary.    The so-called social cost of carbon will result in the death of the conventional cost-benefit analysis utilized for the proposed regulations. It will be replaced with a system that employs flawed calculations that are not based on real science and which cannot be accurately reproduced in the real world.    If we allow this to move forward, regulatory agencies will be able to cook the books to whatever manner they dream of.    Now, Mr. Segal, it is great to see you. Because this Administration continues to be so secretive about the new climate change models, 10 U.S. Senators sent a letter yesterday demanding the EPA provide all documents and communications relating to the SCC.    Now, as you know, the Administration refuses to comply with requests from Members of Congress about this new model and has done so for some time now. In your opinion, why the secrecy?    And why didn't one of the President's minions show up today to answer questions about the application of this new climate change model?    Dr. Gosar. I believe the Antideficiency Act is very specific about that. It must be defined specifically in statute and policy, and then let's define the budget to go with that before the agency or the President can spend it.    So I thank you very, very much for your testimony.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Westerman.