    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. All right. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, for holding this, our first legislative hearing in the subcommittee since September.    We have a long list of bills to discuss today, enough to fill several legislative hearings, and the connecting theme is the Federal Trade Commission.    The FTC is critical to consumers and businesses. It protects consumers from unfair and deceptive practices. At the same time, it defends fair competition. In just the past few months, the FTC has stopped organizations falsely claiming to help cancer patients in order to steal from unsuspecting donors. It has stopped a debt-relief organization that was targeting struggling homeowners and charging illegal fees.    We have talked a lot in this subcommittee about new technology, and the FTC has been fully engaged. Last month the FTC put out guidance for mobile health apps, encouraging companies to protect consumers' privacy as they develop these new products.    The FTC track record as a consumer and competition watchdog is impressive. As Chairman Ramirez shares with us in her written testimony, last year the FTC's consumer protection efforts yielded over $700 million in savings and its competition efforts saved consumers $3.4 billion. This agency works, and this subcommittee should be working to strengthen the FTC, not disrupt it.    Unfortunately, the bills put forth by Republicans in this hearing go in the wrong direction. They tie the hands of the FTC under the guise of so-called process reform. I have concerns with each of the eight Republican process bills.    For instance, the FTC uses consent decrees to protect consumers from repeated bad behavior by companies. One bill would cut the maximum length of these consent decrees by more than half, leaving consumers more vulnerable.    Suppose the FTC issues a consent decree against a company that fails to protect a consumer's credit card information. Under this bill, the company could put consumers' finances back at risk in as little as five years.    This and other proposals would effectively bog down the FTC by forcing it more frequently to review and renew its actions. Stretching the agency's resources would mean less protection, more consumers falling victim to deceptive ads and unfair business practices.    Under these bills when the FTC does take action, it would have to jump through additional hoops to protect consumers. It would be harder for the FTC to pursue actions to prevent harm to consumers, and when the FTC would want to take action under its now-narrowed authority, it would have to wait for a time-consuming economic analysis, even on minor actions. Instead of protecting consumers, these bills would protect companies that victimize consumers.    The so-called SHIELD Act would provide a safe harbor for companies that comply with FTC guidance at the same time it says that FTC cannot use noncompliance with guidance as proof that the law was violated. You can't have it both ways. Guidance is not the law and it definitely should not be treated as the law only when it works to the company's advantage.    I don't have enough time to go through all the problems with these bills one by one, but I think you have got the picture. These eight bills reflect an effort to prioritize the interest of industry above the interest of consumers.    Meanwhile, Democrats have introduced bills to empower the FTC. Congressman McNerney's bill would allow the FTC to go after deceptive practices by telecom companies such as lying about data, speed, or service that consumers will receive. Congressman Rush's bill would allow the FTC to more easily go after sham nonprofits.    In this hearing we will also be considering seven bills directed at specific areas of commerce such as tickets, sporting goods, hotels, funeral services, consumer reviews, and American manufacturing.    I look forward to hearing from supporters and opponents of each of these bills. I worry we won't have enough time to give each individual bill a thorough examination in this hearing, but I am glad that we are finally giving them a closer look.    We have a lot to discuss today, but, as we look at the bills today, I hope we focus on how we can best fulfill the FTC's mission of protecting consumers and competition.    I thank all our three panels of witnesses, and I look forward to your testimony.    I yield back right on time.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Much of the discussion from the majority in today's hearing is about how the FTC is holding back innovation by overreaching on its enforcement. At the same time, they are ignoring, I think, the need for the FTC to be innovative and flexible, to adapt to innovation in industry.    So, let me refer to H.R. 5098, which requires the FTC to publish an annual plan of its projected activities for the year. The bill may seem innocuous to some people, but I know the FTC has concerns about publishing such a report. What are some of the concerns, Mr. Ramirez?    Ms. Schakowsky. Well, let me raise a concern I have, that it would inhibit in some way the agency's ability to react to emerging trends. So that, if you have to issue a report more than a year in advance, that it could, and I would be concerned, that it would make the Commission less flexible.    Ms. Schakowsky. Right. H.R. 5097 automatically closes investigations after 6 months unless the FTC acts through communications with the company being investigated or the Commissioners vote to keep the investigation open. Why would investigations take longer than 6 months? And I wonder if you have any examples of investigations that may have been idle for some or just taken longer and why.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you for clarifying that.    I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. I thank all of you for your testimony.    Mr. Vladeck, I just wanted to start by asking if you had any reaction--and I know that you have been sitting here--to some of the questions that were asked by my colleagues during the first panel or other things that were on your mind to say?    Ms. Schakowsky. Well, do you think that this tips the balance to less consumer protection? Who is the winner? Who are the winners and the losers in these process changes, by and large, that have been recommended?    Ms. Schakowsky. So, not causing economic harm? I think you definitely did talk about this, but I am also particularly concerned about the fact that one of the bills does require now the Bureau of Economics, as you mentioned, to conduct an economic analysis for every recommendation provided by the Commission. It doesn't matter who the recommendation is for or whether the recommendation affects American business or American consumers. All recommendations require a detailed cost/benefit analysis.    You mentioned a number of times in your written testimony that some of these bills are a solution in search of a problem. And so, in your experience at the FTC, was the Bureau of Economics ignored?    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you. I appreciate that.    I yield back.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. O'Shanick, I have been involved in this issue of brain injury. I asked the question of the NFL about the connection between CTE and brain injury.    First of all, do you do research, also, on sub-concussive brain trauma?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK, but you are testifying today about brain trauma, no?    Ms. Schakowsky. Yes. OK.    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. So, studies have shown that children and teens are more likely than adults to get a concussion and that they take longer to recover. What explains the difference in concussion risk and recovery between children and adults, and what can we do to guarantee children's brains are protected while they engage in youth contact sports?    Ms. Schakowsky. So, you were testifying in support of legislation that would prevent claims for protective gear that are false. Is that right?    Ms. Schakowsky. So, we had a hearing on this subject of brain injury, and Dr. Tom Talavage, a witness at that hearing, testified that current helmet designs prevent massive trauma, like skull fracture. They do not, however, according to him, prevent the brain from moving around inside the skull, which results in a concussion. Is that true?    Ms. Schakowsky. And over time?    Ms. Schakowsky. Right. Some have suggested narrowing the bill to only youth sporting equipment, but I am concerned that the bill would no longer cover sporting equipment used by all young athletes. Some younger players are wearing adult-sized helmets, for example.    So, I wondered, Dr. O'Shanick, if you share my concern and if you have seen young athletes who are grown out of the so-called youth sporting equipment.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you. I want to thank all of the witnesses. There is so much richness here, that I could ask about all of these. So, thank you so much. I listened carefully to all your testimony. Thank you.,    Ms. Schakowsky. Mr. Chairman, may I ask permission to insert these letters from the minority into the record?