    Mr. Vance. Chairman Smith, Chairman Ros-Lehtinen and also Chairman Chabot, I would like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to testify on the situation of the Baha'is of Iran.    A little background, I think, is appropriate. The Baha'i Faith is an independent world religion with over 5 million followers in over 200 countries and territories representing virtually every racial, ethnic, and national group on the planet.    The faith originated in Iran. It spread rapidly in the mid-1840s immediately after its inception and included several notable clerics among its initial adherents. This triggered a violent reaction instigated or supported by a majority of the clergy, during which some 20,000 Baha'is were killed over little more than a decade.    The primary reason that Baha'is are persecuted is theological. Most of the Islamic clergy in Iran believes that Islam is the final religion of God. The Baha'i Faith, a religion that arose after Islam, is therefore viewed by most of Iran's clergy as heresy and blasphemy, and Baha'is are viewed as apostates.    In addition, Iran's clerics view certain teachings of the Baha'i Faith as threatening. For instance, the Baha'i Faith does not have a clergy and holds that each individual has the duty to investigate spiritual truth and arrive at his or her own beliefs. In addition, Baha'is believe strongly in the equality of women and men.    Now while the intense brutality against Baha'is began to subside toward the end of the nineteenth century, unequal treatment, social hostilities and sporadic surges in violence continued during much of the twentieth century. After the Islamic Revolution of 1979, Baha'is became the target of severe and systematic state-sponsored persecution and it became official government policy to oppress Baha'is.    In the years following the revolution, over 200 Baha'is were killed, the majority by execution. Thousands of Baha'is were imprisoned, many of them tortured. Baha'i holy places were destroyed and Baha'i cemeteries have repeatedly been attacked and desecrated, including the current ongoing excavation of the large Baha'i cemetery in Shiraz.    The government also made and continues to make concerted efforts to impoverish the Baha'i community. After the revolution, Baha'is were dismissed from government jobs and denied pensions and private employers have been pressured not to hire Baha'is. Baha'is still suffer frequent raids on their homes and businesses, including a recent spate of shop closures, and their property is routinely seized without compensation.    Baha'is were also dismissed from university positions after the revolution, and Baha'i students have been excluded from the nation's universities and continue to be so. The seven members of the former ad hoc leadership group of the Baha'i community are among the 100 Baha'is currently imprisoned in Iran, nearly twice the number that were imprisoned at the end of 2010.    In the last several months there has also been a disturbing surge in anti-Baha'i hate propaganda in state-sponsored media outlets. In 2010 and 2011, approximately 22 anti-Baha'i pieces were appearing every month. In 2014, the number of anti-Baha'i pieces rose to approximately 401 per month, 18 times the previous level.    In July 2013, the Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei reissued a religious decree prohibiting Iranian Muslims from associating with members of the ``deviant sect,'' a well-known reference to Baha'is. The clerical establishment has long promoted the view that Baha'is are ritually unclean and that the blood of Baha'is is mobah, meaning that it can be spilled with impunity.    Last October, the review of Iran's human rights record before the U.N. Human Rights Council revealed that Iran had failed to live up to dozens of promises made during its last Universal Periodic Review in 2010, including several related to the Baha'is. Yet in an astonishingly blatant falsehood, Iran's written response to the council declared ``minorities, including Baha'is, enjoyed a full range of opportunities and privileges.''    It is our hope that at the follow-up session on Iran that will be held next month, responsible nations will emphasize the persecution of the Baha'is and countless other individuals and will hold the Iranian Government to account for its gross violations of human rights. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Vance. Sure. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Well, we had been, first, we were guardedly optimistic when President Rouhani was elected that he would actually improve the situation, especially since he had promised, one of his election promises was to put together a draft charter of citizens' rights and have it circulated and finalized. He did actually issue a draft in November 2013.    Mr. Vance. We were very disappointed with the draft because it made all of the rights under it contingent on the Iranian Constitution and on Iranian law. So it didn't actually hold out any promise for any future improvements. And I think the draft got a great deal of pushback and criticism from a number of circles, so it has never been actually circulated again, to the best of our knowledge. And that, I think, signaled what we were beginning to see, and that is that one of the trends--we have always had Baha'is who have been harassed, raids on homes, raids on businesses. The amount of physical abuse in those raids has actually increased over the last couple of years and certainly has not decreased under President Rouhani. Baha'is have, because they are excluded from so many professions in Iran, they have become largely small business people running their own small businesses. And there is a very large amount of economic harassment refusing either to provide or renew business licenses, closing shops arbitrarily.    In October, for example, on October 25th, in Kerman and a couple of other cities nearby, there were 79 shops that were closed simply because the shopkeepers had observed a Baha'i holy day. And so the shops were actually sealed. But perhaps the most disturbing thing that has occurred, at least in my opinion, is the increase in hate propaganda. Because it has been shown in many societies that it is a prerequisite, or at least it presages in many societies a much more serious crackdown on the population that is being targeted.    I had mentioned that, in 2014, there were 18 times the number of anti-Baha'i articles, not just criticizing Baha'is but portraying them as being agents of the United States, agents of Russia, agents of Israel, accusing them of all sorts of immorality. It is all designed to create a sense in people's minds that persecution of Baha'is is justified.    So based on the very unfortunate history of good portions of the twentieth century, I am much more concerned about that than any other single factor. And certainly that would be in the control of, all of this is state-sponsored media and that is certainly within the control or should be in the control of President Rouhani.    So we are concerned about that. We are concerned that for human rights in general in Iran, because the Baha'is are the largest non-Muslim religious minority in the country and because they have been traditionally despised to a greater degree than any other group by the Muslim clergy, we know that if things were to improve for the Baha'is, they would improve for everybody because it is inconceivable that things could get better for the Baha'is in Iran without them also getting better for other groups. So in a sense we are that barometer, let us say, of what, how we are being treated is a barometer for the rest of the civil society.    And as to Rozita Vaseghi, we are delighted that she was released from prison in Mashhad on January 21st. You had noted earlier that she is uncertain as to what her future is because she had two 5-year sentences and it was unclear whether they were going to be successive or concurrent. The way things stand at the moment they were concurrent. They released her.    But she was also told that she might have another 2-year sentence, and so we don't know what is going to happen with that. She certainly has health problems that have to be dealt with, and rather than get into the details of that I can simply say that 5 years in prison in Mashhad took a definite health toll on her. Thank you.    Mr. Vance. We don't actually have any specific recommendations, so certainly we have been grateful for the resolutions that have usually been passed in each Congress that highlight the situation with respect to human rights and especially the Baha'is in Iran, but we don't have any recommendations on U.S. policy.