    Mr. Markanday. On behalf of Dr. Graziano da Silva, the Director-General of the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organization, I would like to thank Chairman Royce, Chairman Smith, and Ranking Members Bass and Engel for the opportunity and honor to brief you this afternoon on the work the FAO is undertaking to support the efforts of the United States in the fight against global hunger and malnutrition.    I would also like to acknowledge USAID, an extremely valued partner of FAO and, especially, Dr. Beth Dunford and the Feed the Future team who are staunch advocates for the principles of Chairman Smith's Global Food Security Act.    Chairman Smith's contribution, passion, and unyielding drive in advancing the health and nutrition needs of children worldwide is at the core of what brings us here today.    From the beginning, FAO has been inspired and supported by generous contributions from the people of the United States. The United States and FAO have a historic relationship and the U.S. was instrumental in its creation and leadership.    In 1943, President Franklin Roosevelt convened 40 countries in Hot Springs, Virginia to charter an international organization dedicated to global food nutrition and agriculture.    So, Mr. Chairman and honorable members of the subcommittee, FAO owes a tremendous debt of gratitude to your country's vision for a world free from hunger.    To this day, America's vision remains at the heart of FAO's charter. Chairman Smith's Global Food Security Act and its significant bipartisan sponsorship further demonstrates U.S. leadership where no child is left malnourished.    I hope that the U.S. further leverages the longstanding relationship and partnership with FAO in advancing the act's worthy principles.    As background and to further underscore the significant relationship between the U.S. and FAO, it is important to note that the U.S. is not only FAO's founding member country but also our largest resource partner.    The United States contributes the lion's share of the FAO budget and is second only to the European Commission in voluntary contributions.    In addition to significant financial contributions through USAID, USDA, and other U.S. agencies, FAO receives valuable in-kind contributions from the U.S. through scientific and technical expertise.    U.S. expertise had been instrumental in shaping key FAO policies and programs at the global and country levels. Major areas of cooperation include food and nutrition security, emergency assistance and resilience, food safety, and sustainable agricultural production and natural resource management. There is ample scope for expanding and deepening our collaboration in nutrition.    And now I will turn to the concerted efforts of FAO in the area of global nutrition in the first 1,000 days.    Ending hunger, food insecurity, and malnutrition is our director general's highest priority. In 2014, FAO co-hosted the second international conference in nutrition where 170 countries made the noble commitment of reducing all forms of malnutrition under the Rome Declaration.    Following the Declaration, I am pleased that the United Nations General Assembly has unanimously endorsed the Decade of Action for Nutrition earlier this year.    Supporting proper nutrition is not simply a moral imperative but, it makes economic sense. Malnutrition undermines economic growth and perpetuates poverty with productivity losses to the individual estimated at greater than 10 percent of lifetime earnings.    To the economy, losses are high and in Africa and Asia are estimated at over 11 percent per annum of GDP. Yet, targeted investments in promoting nutrition, providing micro nutrients, and supporting community-based programs targeted at children rank among the highest of all investments.    Improving nutrition in the first 1,000 days must be backed by sustainable private-public partnerships. In this regard, FAO values the role of the private sector and recognizes its essential contribution to ensure nutritional quality and food safety, investment to infrastructure and storage, and improvements in supply chains.    The private sector is our key ally under our private sector strategy. The first 1,000 days in a child's life are critical. Malnutrition leads to infection and stunted growth, resulting in poor physical and cognitive development, as Chairman Smith has just pointed out.    However, malnutrition during this period can effectively be addressed through targeted investments, proper proteins and vitamins, and especially through diversified diets.    FAO's unique comparative advantage and strength amongst development partners includes the ability to convene governments and other actors, the sharing of information and best practices, the development of effective policy dialogue, the development and dissemination of norm standards and guidelines, and the delivery of technical assistance at the primary school as well as the university levels.    The key elements of FAO's comprehensive strategy on nutrition include increased knowledge in scientific exchange, diversified food systems, the importance of food intake and food safety, and creating an enabling environment by main streaming those policies into national agricultural and investment plans.    FAO has partnered with USAID in many spheres, especially under FANTA to monitor programs, progress in outcomes and has developed indicators.    Additional collaborative efforts with USAID and Feed the Future include field-based trials in countries like Bangladesh and Cambodia, where I served, and Zambia.    A good example is Bangladesh, where FAO leveraged financing from USAID to leverage other financing from the European Union.    These activities are now being scaled up as part of the USAID--FAO Meeting the Under Nutrition Challenge program with main-streaming this program into national food policy and country investment plans.    FAO also works closely with USAID in support of the African Union's new partnership for African development in building capacities of the 50 member states of the African Development Bank to main-stream nutrition and agriculture investment plans through the CAADP Nutrition Capacity Development Initiative.    Mr. Chairman and honorable members, in conclusion, FAO is an international organization and is at the service of its members. We are both an instrument of the collective policies and the goals of our member governments.    As I have noted, the United States is a leading member and partner of FAO. Our history is longstanding and your contribution is unmatched. The U.S. should expect results from FAO to be a collaborative instrument in furthering the goals of the Global Food Security Act.    We have 197 member countries and organizations, and offices and programs in 130 countries. Therefore, FAO can be strategically leveraged by the United States as a partner to collaborate directly with our members who achieve far-reaching positive goals, results, and progress.    For example, the last world food summit hosted by the FAO brought together 5,000 delegates from 180 countries including 60 heads of state. During this summit, $20 billion was pledged to end world hunger.    FAO has the political neutrality and mandate to globally raise levels of nutrition and standards of living and FAO can be instrumental in articulating and fostering your global health, nutrition goals, and initiatives.    Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass and members of the subcommittee, recognizing that your oversight extends to international organizations, I leave you with one final thought for your consideration and for this I am removing my FAO cap and doffing my international civil servant cap.    In addition to the FAO, I have worked with and within many international organizations globally. I cannot think of a single one that, like FAO, which the United States does not contribute to and invest in generously.    In fact, the United States of America usually invests to the vast majority of other countries. These international organizations to which the U.S. belongs and invests can and should be effective and responsive instruments in promoting sound global policy be it for health, nutrition, trade, economics, or wherever your priorities exist.    For many countries that have limited national resources, they effectively use international organizations as vehicles to leverage their policy agenda and goals.    I submit for your consideration that the U.S. can be even more effective in your strategic engagement with these organizations and enrich new investments substantially.    Demand return on your investments. And on that note, I will now replace my FAO cap and pledge to this subcommittee and the entire U.S. Government and citizens that as the director of FAO for North America you have my highest assurances that I will strive every day to deliver results and return on your investment on behalf of FAO.    Once again, Chairman Smith and members of the subcommittee, I thank you for the honor and privilege of briefing you today.    Mr. Markanday. Thank you very much, Chairman Smith, and I am so happy that you have underscored a lot of the things that I did include into my briefing in terms of the Decade of Action on Nutrition and how we should leverage more out of our international organizations. I think that is terribly important for results.    I think the only point that I would like to make that the FAO was, as I said, under U.S. leadership established in 1945. The world has changed, and we, as an organization, recognize that we have to be fit for purpose for the future and the challenges that are coming.    So I think with your leadership we are looking to being that type of an organization.