    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We are here today because the IRS' current leadership has proven irresponsible and negligent. The IRS cannot seem to properly preserve documents or ensure both privacy and security in accepting electronic tax returns. The Agency is in desperate need of new leadership to put it on a better course. There are already a number of examples of IRS incompetence and neglect in the past few years, but several incidents in recent weeks have made it clear for the need for further serious oversight and meaningful reform.    As millions of individuals and companies prepare to file tax returns, the IRS must ensure its data systems are secure. Last summer, the IRS suffered a massive hack, leaving the tax information of 300-plus thousand individuals exposed. The hackers used that information to file fraudulent returns totaling something in the neighborhood of $50 million in refunds before the IRS figured out what was happening. But it has been well documented billions of dollars have inappropriately gone out the door.    And the facts surrounding the recent events appear very similar. On January 25th, 2016, the IRS detected unusual IP traffic on its network. This turned out to be a coordinated bot attack or botnet aimed at the e-file system. The hackers' goal was to recover taxpayer e-PINs, electronic pins, which would allow them steal refunds of innocent taxpayers. Roughly 450,000 unique social security numbers were used by hackers in at least 950,000 attempts to obtain these electronic PIN numbers. All told, the hackers are estimated to have stolen more than 101,000 of these electronic PIN numbers.    This latest breach raises serious concerns about the security of the system overall as well as the potential for paying out fraudulent claims, but none of this should surprise the IRS. In the last evaluation of the IRS' information security, the inspector general in September of 2015 determined, ``Until the IRS takes steps to improve its security program deficiencies and fully implement all security program areas in compliance with FISMA requirements, taxpayer data will remain vulnerable to inappropriate and undetected use, modification, and disclosure.'' It probably does not get any worse or dire in terms of a warning. This level of incompetence is intolerable for an agency where millions of individuals file their most personal financial information.    We are also here to discuss the failure of the IRS to properly preserve documents subject to lawsuits, and/or internal preservation orders, as well as FOIA requests. We take FOIA very seriously. The Freedom of Information Act is the public's right to know. It also allows companies and other organizations to access data so they can defend themselves.    On January 15th of 2016, the Department of Justice disclosed in a Federal court filing that the IRS had erased a hard drive belonging to a former senior Agency employee named Samuel Maruca. And if this story sounds similar to things we have heard about with Lois Lerner and others, it is, and that makes us sick. It is disgusting. It has to stop. We are doing everything we can to highlight. It is inappropriate, and yet it continues.    The hard drive contained information subject to FOIA litigation. Despite the lawsuit, an internal preservation order, and the legal obligation to preserve related documents to the IRS, the IRS wiped the hard drive and scheduled it for recycling. This involved a multibillion-dollar issue relating to Microsoft. The hard drive likely sat in queue and was wiped up to 4 months after the internal preservation was ordered. Again, after. Internal preservation in place, then the wiping of a hard drive.    We cannot say for sure to pinpoint the date because the IRS does not know when the hard drive was wiped clean. Hard drives. You go to Best Buy, you can buy them for less than a hundred bucks. In a multibillion-dollar situation, this is what we are talking about, but, again, this continues to be familiar.    In March of 2014, the IRS destroyed backup tapes containing Lois Lerner's emails which were subject to investigation by Congress, the inspector general, the Department of Justice. There were five open investigations, two duly issued subpoenas, and the IRS wiped the data. Here we have another case where people properly filed FOIA requests, and they wiped it again. This is just 1 month after the Agency learned that a significant portion of the Lerner emails were missing, and, again, it happened. As it turns out in the Maruca case, the IRS, by sheer luck, already copied the hard drive because of a different lawsuit. It was not because of competence. It was just sheer luck.    So if you look at the IRS, they have roughly $2.4 billion they spent on IT, and it is worthless. Absolutely worthless. 60 to 70 percent of those funds are spent on legacy systems, preserving old things like COBOL and other types of things, but there are still billions of dollars in fraud running through the system.    We have a situation we are going to talk about today where there was a reported hardware failure. The story we got is that there was a power outage, but then the redundant power, the backup power, it also went out. How does that happen? Why do you have redundant power if it also goes out? When we asked through questioning about a breach, I put out a tweet pretty quick and said, you know, this so-called hardware failure maybe was a breach. We start to go and probe and have an investigation. We have a bipartisan staff talking to the IRS, and then they say, oh, we should probably tell you about the breach. What breach?    If you look at the timeline of this, let us go through this because this is just days ago. Our committee, Oversight and Government Reform, a week ahead email to the press confirmed that there would be a hearing on February 11th relating to IRS document destruction and data security. On February 8th, majority and minority committee staff has a call with the IRS regarding the e-filing outage and the status of the Maruca hard drive. The IRS gives an update on how it planned to recover the hard drive and confirmed it had been wiped. After that date, our staff asked about the breach referring to the e-filing issue. Mr. Milholland, who is here with us today, begins describing the previously unreported and undisclosed breach. The IRS legal staff intervened and said that he was talking about a different event, so we asked for more information about that.    The next day, February 9th, miraculously in the Wall Street Journal, the IRS releases further details regarding the breach in another phone call with the majority and minority committee staff, and shortly thereafter the IRS releases a statement to the Wall Street Journal regarding the breach. If we had not been asking about another incident, we would not have known about this incident, and it affects over 100,000 people.    This is a recurring theme. It is totally unacceptable. We look forward to peppering you with questions, and we expect answers.    With that I will yield back, and now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I will now recognize Mr. Jordan of Ohio as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Healthcare Benefits and Administrative Rules, and recognize him for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. For you to suggest and try to assign a motivation to our attempt here to get at the truth is beneath the gentleman from Virginia. Name one thing that I said in my opening statement that is not true. Name it. You do not have anything.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, I do.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. I have a point I want to make about IT.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. With the concurrence with the ranking member, I would like to make a point about IT because I think that is part of the heart of why we are here today. Is the gentleman okay with that?    Chairman Chaffetz. I was elected at the same time as President Obama, so use that as a marker. The Federal government has spent more than $525 billion on IT, and it is worthless. One of the questions I have here with an operating budget for the IT sector roughly $2.4 billion a year, why is it that we have such poor systems? Why is it that we have DOS, and COBOL, and other things? We have got good hardworking, patriotic people that work at the IRS. We have 4,000 of them in the State of Utah, and they are using an old dilapidated system. I do not know how they do it. They try to patch and Band-Aid this thing together, and they cannot seem to have enough resources.    The President puts out a thing saying I need $3 billion more? We were only $3 billion short? What happened to the other $525 billion? That is a legitimate bipartisan question. It is part of the reason I am here today. How is it that the IRS goes via the Department of Justice and tells a judge that they do not have these records? And it is not until this committee in a bipartisan way with the staff says where is this information that miraculously they said, oh, we actually do have it.    That is a legitimate question. It is why we have another hearing. I did not even start the week before last thinking we were doing an IRS hearing. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland.    Chairman Chaffetz. It is in my set of questions and why we are having this hearing today.    Chairman Chaffetz. I just have to say, and I will give you equal time here. For the gentleman to suggest those are not my questions and to impugn the motive of any member is totally inappropriate.    Chairman Chaffetz. Oh, I take deep exception to it.    Chairman Chaffetz. It is bipartisan. We get equal time, and there is a legitimate reason to understand why they go to the Department of Justice, represent that they do not have the documents. We ask for them, and then they miraculously say, oh, yes, I guess we do have them.    Chairman Chaffetz. I do not.    Chairman Chaffetz. Let us move on. Let us move on.    Chairman Chaffetz. I am pleased to welcome Mr. Terry Milholland, chief technology officer at the Internal Revenue Service, Mr. Jeff Tribiano, deputy commissioner of Operations at the Internal Revenue Service, and Mr. Ed Killen, Director of Privacy, Government Liaison, and Disclosure at the Internal Revenue Service. I appreciate you all being here today.    If you will, please rise and raise your right hands.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. You may be seated. Let the record reflect that the witnesses all answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion, we would appreciate it if you would limit your oral presentation to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be made part of the record. Mr. Milholland, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Tribiano, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Mr. Killen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. You all seem like decent individuals. The question is, why do we have to keep coming back and asking for the same basic information? The IRS advice to individuals in businesses is that they should hold their own personal business and tax information for how long? How long are you supposed to hold onto your own personal information? Mr. Tribiano?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Killen, how long? How long does the IRS advise you to hold onto your own personal information?    Chairman Chaffetz. 7 years. I mean, that is what I have generally heard as well, 7 years. So how long does the IRS hold onto its own data and information? Mr. Maruca leaves the employment. Why the swift erasure of everything that he has? Why does that happen? Mr. Killen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay, but, yes, you did find the file because we pushed the issue, forced the issue. But on January 15th of this year, the Department of Justice on the behalf of the IRS actually filed a notice with the Federal court that they had erased Mr. Maruca's hard drive.    Here is the fundamental problem. You require us, the people, to hold onto their information for 7 years. The IRS erases their information. There is no consequence. Nobody is held accountable. There was an internal preservation order, but it was ignored, and there is no consequence for that, right? Who issued the internal preservation order?    Chairman Chaffetz. How does that process not hold that information?    Chairman Chaffetz. What originally happened is Microsoft filed a Freedom of Information Act request. That was not complied with, so they had to go to court and wait to get a court date, and then get to the court to try to say where is this information, and you had already erased it in less than a year. I do not understand why the IRS asks us to hold information or 7 years, and you do not even hold it for 7 months. How does that happen? Why does that happen?    Chairman Chaffetz. But if we have to hold our information for 7 years, how come the IRS does not have to hold its information for 7 years?    Chairman Chaffetz. Right now today, how long does the IRS preserve its own internal documents? How long?    Chairman Chaffetz. Give me a range. What is the shortest amount of time, what is the longest amount of time.    Chairman Chaffetz. You have a $1.7 billion dispute, and you have the person who is working on the issue, they leave employment for whatever reason. I am sure it was a legitimate reason. But why is all that information suddenly erased, and how do you go in front of a judge and say we no longer have that information? How does that happen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Because neither--sorry--neither of those things were true, right? Neither of those things were true. You actually did have the information, but you represented to the Department of Justice that you did not have it. But it was erased even though there was an internal preservation order.    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you help detail for us, and you are not going to be able to get through it verbally now. My time has expired. I have two things that I would love to understand. How do preservation orders internally work, and why are they not adhered to because we had that happen in the Lois Lerner case. We have that happening in the Microsoft case. How does that happen? And then the second thing is I would like to know what documents you do and do not retain and for how long? And I fundamentally do not understand why it is not the same for the IRS as it is for the American people.    Could you between the three of you get back to the committee on those two topics? Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. Let the record reflect all three of them thought it was fair. All right.    Chairman Chaffetz. My time has expired. I will now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I would simply ask that the digital roadmap that you are talking about, if you could provide this committee that copy of this roadmap, I think we would both like to look at it. When you can provide that to this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes, that would be great because ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. If you could provide both, that would be appreciated.    Chairman Chaffetz. Fair enough? And I appreciate it.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman for his questions, and I am surprised after 23 hearings you still have questions.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Yeah, you still have questions, and so do we. We will now recognize the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Jordan, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired.    Chairman Chaffetz. We will now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Would the gentlewoman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. My understanding of this process is that the Office of Management and Budget has the opportunity to offer 800 people within the Federal government critical pay authority in consultation with the Office of Personnel Management. Of the 800 available slots for critical pay authority, they are only using 4. Not 400, 4 of the 800 that are already ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, throughout government. So if the IRS commissioner needs critical pay authority, for instance, for IT specialists, which I would probably actually agree with, there is already a process and authorization in place where OMB with OPM goes and gets that authorization.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentlewoman would yield, if the IRS has a case, the mechanism that Congress previous to me had set up is that they make the case to the Office of Personnel Management or through the OMB. In concurrence, they can grant that all within the executive branch without having to come to Congress.    Chairman Chaffetz. No. Well, I will work with the gentlewoman to help clarify this, but I do believe it is currently available. The gentlewoman's time has expired, but I will work with the gentlewoman on this topic.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. Well, again, we will be happy to work with you. We now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Walberg, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired. If Mr. Milholland can continue to provide the committee with what they are doing in that regard, we would appreciate it.    I will now recognize the gentlewoman from New Jersey, Ms. Watson Coleman, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentlewoman's time has expired. How convenient. December of 2016, then we will start that process. There we go.    All right. I will now recognize the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. DesJarlais, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Tribiano, you said there is a new non-destroy policy. When did that come into place?    Chairman Chaffetz. That you had destroyed things. So can you give me a specific time?    Chairman Chaffetz. So just in the last 30 days?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why did you not put this in a policy when Mr. Milholland put this into place into 2013? Did you ever lift that non-destruction order, Mr. Milholland?    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman from Ohio.    Chairman Chaffetz. If the gentleman will yield, it says, ``Do not destroy, wipe, or reuse any of the existing backup tapes for email or archiving of other information for IRS personal computers.''    Chairman Chaffetz. And the time has expired. We are going to recognize Ms. Kelly here. But that is not what Mr. Milholland's memo of May 22nd, 2013. It says, ``Do not destroy, wipe, reuse any of the existing backup tapes or email or archiving of other information from IRS computers. Further, do not reuse, or refresh, or wipe information from any personal computer that is being reclaimed, returned, refreshed, updated from any employer or contractor of the IRS.'' I mean, it could be not be more explicit.    Chairman Chaffetz. You can dance around this all the time. You had a preservation order in place. You had a do not destroy, and you continued to destroy them. You have represented to the Department of Justice, and to the courts, and to the United States Congress that you are not doing this. This issue has never been fixed, and that is why we continue to have these hearings.    We have gone way past your time. We will recognize the gentlewoman from Illinois, Ms. Kelly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman. I will now recognize the distinguished and always dapper gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman ----    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman's time has expired. Will you provide that to this committee, Mr. Milholland?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, when the United States Congress asks you, you have legal authority to provide that information to Congress. There is nothing classified about people's compensation and bonuses. Would you agree?    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, there are some positive qualities. I appreciate that. That is a real plus in your column. I get it. I am asking you all to provide this information to this committee.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I will now recognize the gentlewoman from New York, Ms. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank the gentlewoman. We will now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Milholland and Mr. Tribiano, it is May 2013. TIGTA issues its audit, and you issue an internal preservation order that is extensive. It is capped with ``in other words, retain everything to do with email or information that may have been stored locally on a personal computer.'' It is pretty broad, but also very definitive. Did you ever rescind that order? That is a yes or no question. Did you ever reverse that order?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you provide that ----    Mr. Milholland.--in order to implement Windows ----    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you provide that to this committee?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you rescinded that, send that to this committee. Fair enough?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Tribiano, did the IRS ever change that or rescind the order that Mr. Milholland put out to preserve?    Chairman Chaffetz. After the issuance of that audit, did the IRS put any new procedures or policies in place regarding the preservation of emails, hard drives, or anything to do with people's interaction with the computers?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. You started a project, but was there any change to the internal functionality of the preservation of computers, hardware, emails, that sort of thing? What changed?    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Killen, what changed?    Chairman Chaffetz. All government records. You do not have to be a senior-most official at the IRS to generate a record that needs to be in compliance with the Federal Records Act or to be in compliance with FOIA. I want to know after TIGTA had issued their report in May of 2013, what did the IRS do internally to preserve and protect the records that they should have been protecting in the first place?    Chairman Chaffetz. What does?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you feel it was fully implemented?    Chairman Chaffetz. If the policy is in place, why was Mr. Maruca's information destroyed?    Chairman Chaffetz. So it takes you more than a year and a half to implement a new policy. How hard is it to just save a hard drive? I mean, how hard is that? How expensive is that? How much does a hard drive cost, do you know?    Chairman Chaffetz. How much is a hard drive? You want two gigs.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, we are talking about a hundred bucks here. You got a $1.7 billion issue with Microsoft, and you all went out and destroyed something that is maybe a hundred bucks. Mr. Tribiano, you had to issue a new policy in 2016, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. What does that policy do?    Chairman Chaffetz. Congress has been investigating the IRS since 2011, and you are just now getting the memo to start preserving things in 2016? Why does it take almost 5 years to get the message that you should not be destroying things? Why does it take so long?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah, but you did not follow it. You did not follow it. Mr. Maruca's stuff was destroyed, and it should not have been. And you are misstating the facts, by the way, because there was another case that they actually copied Mr. Maruca's, and then they happened to find that. I mean, I find it totally unbelievable. It truly is an unbelievable set of circumstances. 24 to 48 hours after this committee issues a bulletin that we are going to have a hearing, and then suddenly you find the information?    And the Department of Justice had gone to the courts and said this stuff had been inadvertently destroyed, but then you actually did find it. Do you see why we have zero confidence in the record retention policy and the ability to execute on it?    Chairman Chaffetz. And coincidental and 24 hours after I issue a notice that you are going to have to come appear here, suddenly you do find them. That is what is unbelievable. You had gone to the courts via the Department of Justice and put it on the record that you did not have them. That was not true, was it?    Chairman Chaffetz. It was not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. The gentlemen's time has expired. I now recognize myself or recognize Mr. Carter for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. Myself and Mr. Jordan have just a couple of other questions, and we are going to wrap up the hearing. And members are advised we have votes on the floor soon.    Since when has the IRS preserved all of its internal emails? When did they start to do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. You are either saving them all or not. Do you save all the emails?    Chairman Chaffetz. Hold on. I want to get to this point. You still to this day do not preserve all of the IRS emails internally. You do not save those.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. Then why did Mr. Killen just tell me that we do not do that?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no. He can tell you what he is referring to.    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Killen, you just told me that they do not preserve all the emails.    Chairman Chaffetz. Is there anything, Mr. Milholland, that you would disagree with that he just said?    Chairman Chaffetz. Here is the problem, okay? Here is the problem with the testimony. This is testimony from John Koskinen of June 23rd, 2014, and here is what he says: ``I would note, however, since the investigations into the application process for 501(c)(4) organizations began in May of last year, the IRS''--here it is--``the IRS has saved backup tapes for all emails on the IRS' servers, which includes tapes for the 6 months preceding May of 2013.'' And you are telling me that is not true, and that is why we keep coming after the IRS, and that is why we are not going to let go of this.    I recognize the gentleman from Ohio.    Chairman Chaffetz. The gentleman from Ohio.    Chairman Chaffetz. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Chaffetz. Then why did the Department of Justice on behalf of the IRS go to the court and say these records had been destroyed?    Chairman Chaffetz. And you have no records of what you destroy and when you destroy it, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. How convenient. You have no records of what is destroyed and when, and yet you require every American to keep all their records. That is what so fundamentally wrong and screwed up with the IRS. That is just wrong. And there a lot of good people that work at the IRS, but you know what? You go after Americans, but you do not take care of business at the IRS. It is just wrong. It is just wrong.    And it causes mess. We are talking about a $1.7 billion case, and you guys cannot keep track of what you destroy and when you destroy it. How hard is it to put a log in there, ``destroyed this one at this time?'' How long does that take? I mean, you can go to Best Buy and buy something off the shelf for like 50 bucks. I just do not understand that. Do you have an answer for that?    Chairman Chaffetz. Then why is it not done?    Chairman Chaffetz. I yield back to the gentleman from North Carolina.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. The committee stands adjourned.