    Mr. King. Thank you, Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify at today's hearing on innovation Hubs.    I'm Director of the Critical Materials Institute, which is led by the Ames Lab in Ames, Iowa, the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science National Lab operated by Iowa State University. CMI's team includes more than 300 researchers and support staff across six corporations, seven universities and four national labs.    CMI exists primarily to mitigate the challenges posed to the manufacturing sector by materials that provide essential functions or capabilities but are subject to supply risks. The Hub focuses on materials used in clean energy technologies, but many of these have broader uses, notably in the area of defense. Prominent among the Hub's research targets are the rare earth elements, which are used in magnets, lighting and displays, and lithium, which is used in today's rechargeable batteries.    CMI follows the critical materials strategic developed by the U.S. Department of Energy, addressing opportunities in three areas: One, diversification of supply; two, development of substitute materials; and three, improving the efficiency of materials used in reducing waste in our access of the currently available materials.    Within its first five years, this Hub will develop and have adopted by industry at least one technology in each of these three areas. In its first two years of operation--we just celebrated our second anniversary--CMI has developed 34 inventions with significant potential for impact, has made four patent applications. It is very close to having one replacement material adopted by an industrial and is within a year or two of a second. Materials development of this kind typically takes 20 years, and we've succeeded in two. Maybe I'll explain how later. CMI-developed technology for solvent extraction is being considered for licensing by two mining companies as we speak.    These results have strong potential for providing financial returns on the investments made by the U.S. taxpayer. The Hub has earned an international reputation and has been described as the gold standard in its field. Several other countries are modeling their own efforts after CMI.    How does this integrated research model advance the goals of the Office of Science and Applied Programs at DOE? Let me offer an example. In pursuit of new magnet models, we combine, as other Hubs do, computer simulations, experimental exploration of candidate alloys, rapid analysis and testing. These methods are all founded upon tools previously developed among CMI's partners largely with DOE Office of Science Support, but we have advanced them and made them specific to our own purposes. So the Hub has in its first two years developed the first successful theory and computer models for predicting what is called magneto-crystalline anisotropy--maybe I'll explain if you ask--for proposed new materials. This is something that hadn't been possible before. It's a contribution from fundamental condensed matter physics in support of developing new magnetic materials.    We've developed a tool based on additive manufacturing technologies for the rapid production of target magnet compositions, allowing us to produce arrays of materials that can then be tested. We've built new capabilities actually in collaboration with JCAP for rapid analysis of materials that take advantage of our additive manufacturing tool, and we have added high-throughput magnet testing capabilities. All of these capabilities work together to produce new materials, make them, test them, and meet the needs of the Hub. They are also enhancing the capabilities of other Office of Science and EERE programs, bringing them together. We have created a range of candidate materials for new high-performance magnets.    Effectively, what we have done is to orchestrate diverse scientific efforts and enhance them so that we're able to meet technological needs of the day in short order. We're able--we've demonstrated the ability by doing that to go from zero to having new materials invented in two years, a process that typically takes up to 20.    How does the private sector interact with CMI? We are very flexible. We seek--we have always sought to be flexible and responsive to industry needs. We find that our research goes faster when we speak to industry because speaking first we listen. We foster increasingly intensive collaborations as companies move from informal interactions to membership in our affiliate program to full engagement as research team members. Some companies have also expressed interest in engaging CMI for proprietary pre-commercial research, and we are considering that opportunity.    Technologies developed by the Hub using its federal funds must be pre-competitive, must have high potential for impact on the supply chain, must be cost-effective, timely and have potential for adoption by U.S.-based companies.    Thank you.    Mr. King. Short answer, yes.    Mr. King. Because among many things the Hubs can do is, they bring an intense focus on a particular technology or scientific challenge, and they put resources in the hands of scientific leaders who are able to, as I said in my earlier remarks, orchestrate the immense talent and tools that we have around the country to actually solve problems in very much shorter order in time than has typically been the case. So in the case of CMI, we've achieved in two years what typically takes 20 in a few well-selected cases. I'm not saying we can always do it.    Mr. King. Yes.    Mr. King. I agree completely.    Mr. King. Yeah, I think the old model is fading. We certainly work with a lot of researchers who have spent their career working in fundamental research and publish a paper and worry not about how it will be commercialized. We started the process where every time we take on a fundamental research topic, we have industrial potential users come in and talk with the researchers about it. But first we were desperately worried that this would not work. What we have found is two things. One is that the academic and national lab researchers actually enjoy it very much indeed. They come out of the room saying why didn't we do this 20 years ago, and the research has accelerated considerably. Case in point: We are trying to develop new red and green emitting compounds, used very fundamental physics and computer models in a materials genome type of campaign, came up with a dozen different compounds that could emit green light and presented those instead of just publishing those and then going on to work on producing all 12, testing them, refining them, et cetera. We went to our industry partner, and our industry partner looked at the 12 compounds and said only three of those would ever be considered in our company, and they gave different reasons for rejecting the other nine. When you think that testing 12 pounds is typically a 20-year campaign, we have just saved 15 years of research. So getting constant feedback from industry is enriching, enlivening, and it's inspiring to the researchers but it's also a huge accelerator for the research itself.