    Mr. Christiansen. Thank you. And, Chairman Whitfield, Ranking Member Rush, and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify on behalf of Alevo, Inc. You will hear from me today how Alevo believes that energy storage will play a crucial role in ensuring a secure, reliable and modern electricity system.    I will also discuss how Federal policymakers can help to accomplish this goal by reducing regulatory barriers to the development of energy storage to benefit electricity ratepayers and consumers.    My name is Christopher Christiansen, and I am the co-founder of Alevo, and I serve as the executive vice president of the Energy Division, which means I am responsible for all the energy daily activities, which include production design, business development, and sales strategies. I am also overseeing the development of over 200 megawatts of battery energy storage projects, which we are implementing in the next 12 months.    Alevo is a leading provider of energy storage systems designed to deliver grid-scale electricity on demand. Alevo couples grid analytics with our innovative battery technology, the Alevo GridBank. Alevo GridBank features a nonflammable, long life inorganic battery that enables a new source-agnostic architecture for electrical grids that reduce waste, greenhouse gases, create efficiencies and lower costs for the world's energy producers and their consumers. Our mission is to maximize the value, availability, usability and cleanliness of electricity to better serve mankind and the environment.    Alevo's manufacturing plant is located in a former cigarette plant in North Carolina in Concord, in the district of Congressman Hudson. We are on track to employ 500 people in 2015, and we expect to employ over 2,500 by the end of next year. We are also set up for significant growth, as Congressman Hudson knows, because we have a 3 \1/2\ million-square-foot facility that can, at full capacity, produce 16 gigawatt hours a year. Within the next 12 months, we are manufacturing and commissioning more than 200 megawatts of energy storage batteries.    Alevo is building a vertically integrated manufacturing and deployment organization, creating a global energy storage business to work with the world's leading and largest energy companies.    The electric grid is the only system of production that has not had a way to store its product efficiently. Energy storage changes that equation, allowing us to store that electric production and then use it when we need it, where we need it, and at the best price. Energy storage technologies, like the battery Alevo is manufacturing, will change the way our electric grid works, to enable greater efficiency of our existing generation fleet by optimizing heat rates, reduce ramping, to allow for increased resilience and reliability of the system, and to lower the cost of electricity for every consumer. Additionally, the increased efficiency provided by storage lowers emission and water usage, 2 important and environmental benefits realized without adding cost to ratepayers.    According to market research firm, IHS, energy storage growth will explode from 340 megawatts in 2012 to 2013, to 6 gigawatts by 2017, and over 40 gigawatts by 2022. To put that in perspective, 40 gigawatts is equivalent to 40 new coal or gas fire power plants, and it is enough power to power a home--over 32 million homes for 1 hour. This explosion would create jobs in manufacturing, as with Alevo, right here in the U.S., allowing us to put our innovation to use to the benefit of the electric grid and consumers.    As the theme of this hearing suggests, energy storage technologies like Alevo's GridBank will secure a reliable and modern electric grid. The 21st century grid will be exposed to increased generation from variable sources, and also increased fluctuations in load. States hit by Hurricane Sandy, like New Jersey and New York, are already building these technologies into their resilience plans to ensure that emergency services are kept functional during catastrophic events. Even during ordinary power blips or outages, energy storage can help a system and its consumers ride through those events seamlessly. Southern California Edison recently issued a series of awards to accommodate local capacity requirements for their electric customers. They were required to consider 50 megawatts of storage; instead, they awarded 50--sorry, they awarded 260 megawatts of storage, since it was competitive and provided the flexibility the utility needed for the system. As utilities and system operators consider their needs both now and in the future, and with the right policies in place, more and more energy storage is being deployed, decreasing the perceived risk inherent in new technologies, and reducing the cost of those technologies through increased scale. Alevo is positioned to drive down those scales--those costs even further with the manufacturing of hundreds of megawatts of energy storage capacity in the first year alone. One key policy that this committee can change is to reduce regulatory barriers for energy storage facilities, including exemption for Federal and State regulations in the same way those barriers are currently used for qualifying coal generation facilities. Congress could also ask FERC to valuate the value generated by energy storage, and ensure that FERC's current policies recognize and award those values.    I look forward to addressing any questions the committee has about Alevo and our innovation, or about energy storage technologies more generally. And I thank you for the opportunity to present this testimony.    Mr. Christiansen. To direct cost, I mean on our unit we really do not approach the distributed solar household market, we see greater benefit of the grid connected bigger units.    Mr. Christiansen. We are talking megawatts scale, that is what we produce.    Mr. Christiansen. We produce--yes, and then multi-mega--our standard building block is 1 megawatt hour, 2 megawatt units.    Mr. Christiansen. I mean I could estimate based on competing--competitors' price estimates, but----    Mr. Christiansen. Well, we actually have sent this idea to the EPA as well. We did that last April. And the concept is essentially coupled with base load. You can optimize heat grades, basically have a unit that operates at constant output, almost like your car going down the highway at highway speeds where your battery system handles the flexible components, and that is what batteries are good at. They excel at responding quickly, fast and accurately, and that is what batteries should do. And then you have a unit that generates--that gets to be a generator and generates constant. And we have done a study that--on the whole west end connector, we sent it to the EPA on that, and you can essentially incorporate storage and have the efficiency pay for the storage units.    Mr. Christiansen. I think the key point is that we are a flexible resource that is not purely a renewable integration, it is an optimizer for all assets. You look at the grid itself, the grid needs flexibility, it needs a dynamic resource that can adjust to changing load, change in generation, and can do it quickly, and that is unrelated to the source reflected. We have done studies where collocated with coal, we are collocated with natural gas, we have been working with cases where we collocated with nuclear. And the value proposition for storage is unique that it fits into all generation resources.    Mr. Christiansen. So we are in the process now of deploying over 200 megawatts, which we will do in 2015, and that is in markets that have been opened by, you know, FERC Order 755, opened the way to some of these markets. We also have tremendous interest now from utilities and also international. I think we can do some work on the policy part and ensuring that storage gets cheated for the value of the--and the flexibility, and the speed and accuracy it provides, and that will help more installations come up.    Mr. Christiansen. I think, first of all----    Mr. Christiansen. Yes. First of all, to piggyback on everybody's comments here on having a distributed network and really, in my creative environment but almost local balancing authorities, adds a lot of reliability to the system. You have this capacitance in the grid that is able to soak up capacity and quickly deliver it back when it is needed really helps you ride through any peak, you know, that nature. Also as a good blank start----    Mr. Christiansen . Get--helps us just to get back up to speed again after an outage, and this is a huge benefit by energy storage.    Mr. Christiansen. Yes, and I guess the--my comment goes out to the type of data that we use----    Mr. Christiansen . When we typically use these analyses, something that Alevo does as well. We try to--we do base systems to evaluate the proposition of what storage brings. And it goes back to Mr. Siebel's comment that, you know, the amount of data that we need to really optimize the grid is tremendous, and when we look at average data of just typically what is available today as an average heat grid for the year----    Mr. Christiansen . It really--when we look at the variability and the granulidity we need for the grid today, it is just not enough data to make the----    Mr. Christiansen . Choices or to look at the value proposition.    Mr. Christiansen. So really, it goes down to collecting, you know, down to sub-hourly data----    Mr. Christiansen . Regarding automation--    Mr. Christiansen . That type of data.