    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the opportunity to be with the committee. I would like to thank our panel for taking time to be able to be here. Great to see a fellow Coloradoan, Mr. Swartout, here, as well.    Incredibly important issue, I think, for the state of Colorado and for the western United States. A blanket question for all four of you: What is the number that the Department of the Interior has established as recovery for the greater sage grouse?    Ms. Clarke?    Mr. Tipton. Mr. Miller?    Mr. Tipton. Mr. Arnett?    Mr. Tipton. Mr. Swartout?    Mr. Tipton. Well, you are joined by Secretary Jewell. Before this committee, when I asked her the question, they don't have an identifiable number. Wouldn't it be a good idea, if we are going to actually have recovery, to be able to have a number when we know that we win?    But I have a greater problem, as well, and I think that you have spoken to this in some of your testimony, when we have 11 states that are going to be included in designation of the sage grouse for critical habitat. If we have full recovery, Mr. Swartout, in the state of Colorado, if we had a number--which we do not, because the Department of the Interior has not established that--but if we did have full recovery, would we still be listed in the state of Colorado?    Mr. Tipton. With an 11-state listing, where we are all grouped in with 11 states, if we get full recovery in the state of Colorado, if we had a number--which we don't--we wouldn't be taken off listing, would we?    Mr. Tipton. Does that make good sense to you?    Mr. Tipton. At the state and at the local level.    Mr. Tipton. Let's talk a little bit about science, since you brought that up. You went and did a scientific survey. Did you expand or decrease the estimated acreage that the Federal Government is suggesting becomes critical habitat?    Mr. Tipton. So was it greater or less than what the Federal Government was----    Mr. Tipton. It is less. That has been supplemented, hasn't it, in counties like Garfield County, to where they actually make massive reductions in what was going to be critical habitat, simply because the terrain wouldn't support the population? Is that accurate?    Mr. Tipton. So the Federal Government has faulty science that they are trying to use when they are getting ready to try and impose a listing of the sage grouse.    Mr. Tipton. Aspirational science?    Mr. Tipton. But there seems to be pretty much consensus on this panel that those local conservation efforts, the state conservation efforts--Ms. Clarke, you were pointing specifically, I think, in some of your comments also, we are seeing private property rights now being infringed on in regulatory fashion by the heavy hand of government coming in.    But we ought to be able to give these an opportunity to be able to succeed. We have some legislation that I am co-sponsoring. Mr. Stewart on this committee is carrying a companion piece by Cory Gardner out of Colorado to be able to allow our state efforts, our local efforts, to be able to develop over a 6-year period, to be able to actually revive the species. Would that, just in a conceptual basis, would that be an admirable goal for us to really reach for, when we are talking about legislative solutions?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I did appreciate, by the way, your amendment to the NDAA. Statistics show we have 35 different Army installations that are going to be impacted. The Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps have a combined 12 installations, and they are continuing to work to be able to actually resustain that habitat, and be able to grow the population of the sage grouse. When we look at the Yakima Training Center, they have significantly improved the numbers and genetic diversity in the Columbia Basin, based off of their own studies.    I just have just a couple of follow-up questions. I think Mr. Swartout can probably have some empathy for this. In the state of Colorado, we have two very diverse economic situations. We have pockets of prosperity in our metropolitan areas; but in the third congressional district that I represent, we continue to see a real unemployment level that, in far too many of our counties, happens to be double-digit.    But we also have responsible energy development. I put forward legislation, ``Planning for America's Energy Future Act,'' which literally calls for all of the above.    Mr. Arnett, a statement that you have made caught my attention, saying that all valid and existing rights in regards to responsible energy development will be respected with a listing. Does that imply that there will be no expansion?    Mr. Tipton. Of any other development rights.    Mr. Tipton. But no new ones.    Mr. Tipton. If it hasn't already been identified, or somebody hasn't filed, nothing new will be added. Is that correct?    Mr. Tipton. So if something is withdrawn, then that is lost.    Mr. Tipton. Nothing new?    Mr. Tipton. So that----    Mr. Tipton. That could potentially have a very negative impact in a suffering economic region in the third congressional district. Couldn't it, Mr. Swartout?    Mr. Tipton. I do want to let you know I appreciate your efforts and the Governor's efforts in regards to standing up for these rural areas, and understanding a lot of the challenges that we face.    I would like to extend this out. Ms. Clarke, maybe you can speak to this. When we start talking about regulating private land--I think Mr. Arnett had just noted that states don't have the right to regulate private land. Thank God. If we have this plan implemented, let's say we have a resource that we can responsibly develop on private land. If we have listing, private land is encompassed in on this. Could that resource, that family's fortunes, and the jobs that could be created, could those be perhaps unintended consequence of not being able to be developed?    Mr. Tipton. Well I appreciate, again, all of you taking time to be able to be here. I think that our common ground is this: We would like to make sure that the right thing is done, that we are able to rehabilitate the species. I appreciate very much the comments that were being made, that the efforts like we are seeing in Colorado, the private-public partnerships on the ground, are yielding some of the best results. We hope and encourage the Department of the Interior to be able to recognize that, and to be able to work with us, and to be able to protect our private-sector jobs in communities right now that are suffering.    Thank you so much, and I yield back, Mr. Chairman.