    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    Director Comey, thank you, not just for being here, but for your service. I also want to thank all of your staff. I know the dedication they put into serving this country, and we appreciate them being here.    If my friend Steve Chabot were here, he would also commend you for your selection of William and Mary as an undergraduate. And I will tell you that if we couldn't convince you to go to the University of Virginia Law School, Chicago was probably a good second choice.    But I have a question. As I listened to the Ranking Member today talk about trust, and he talked about the symbols that you have on your desk regarding police brutality and efforts by law enforcement, but you mentioned it was important to have reality and perception, both of those, when you're looking to that trust.    Tell me the symbols if you would, because what he raised was important, but tell me the symbols on your desk or in your office that would give me comfort in knowing that there was also a perception that you were equally looking at organized groups that were coming into areas like Ferguson and Baltimore to foment unrest, especially groups that were outside those communities and especially those groups who might be impacting violence against law enforcement. Because as you mentioned, there are two curves, not just one curve.    Mr. Forbes. And, Director, I would ask that at some point in time you could submit for the record the data you have on these outside groups that are coming into these communities when we have situations like this who might be stirring up unrest and especially activity against law enforcement; and also any data you have regarding the impact or even the numbers of gang members that might be currently being released by the government who might be here illegally, because when we ask those questions of Homeland Security, they can't give us any of that data.    The second question I'd have for you, as you know, the OPM breach impacted over 22 million current, former, and prospective Federal employees and contractors. Considering these individuals use personal e-mail accounts for their own personal communication and store private information relating to financial transactions, their children, and health care, do you think the OPM breach has made these individuals more vulnerable to social engineering tactics used by hackers? And in what ways could encryption enhance the security of personal information of those who have had their information compromised during the OPM breach?    Mr. Forbes. Good. Thank you, Mr. Director.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.