    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Chairman.    And, again, I thank you gentlemen for being here.    I would like to build a little bit on where Mr. Moulton was going on this broader strategy. And I think the timeline of this--I had the opportunity to be in Damascus in 2009, and I know Ambassador Ford early on challenged the Assad regime, at great personal risk.    And I thank you for that. You were articulating this clearly.    In 2013, when President Obama made the now-infamous ``red line'' statement, I held periodic town halls or whatever, and on that one hundreds of people showed up. And I had never seen anything like this, the involvement of getting into Syria to take Assad out because what he was doing with chemical weapons was unacceptable. And in that group of people that showed up, all 100 percent of them were opposed to any intervention.    Trust me, I have held them on health care--it does not quite work that way--and other things. It was an amazing thing, that the American public at that point, weary of war, weary of this, not committed to the strategy, didn't know what to say.    And I bring this up because I think where Mr. Moulton was getting at--and, Mr. Morell, you answered it--you are talking decades, and I think you are absolutely right. I think your assessment is correct, and I agree with that. What I think we need to understand here is that there are multiple administrations. Some you will like, some you will dislike.    And our commitment of that overarching strategy of smart power, what are the things we can put in place that can start to ensure that that transition is more coherent and more stable? Because I worry about that, because if you wait around here long enough, you will blame somebody else for where this happened.    My concern is that we get the strategy in place, and if it is 25 years, that needs to be clearly articulated to the American public with a strategy that they can get behind. Because if hundreds of people show up in a small grocery store in Minnesota and all say no, it is very difficult to make this work.    So I would be interested to hear your thoughts on implementation of smart power and broader thinking, how do the Chinese factor into this, some of the things that we should be thinking about. Whoever wants to take that one.    Mr. Walz. Yeah.    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Zinke.