    Mr. Grim, thank you for joining us today for this hearing. And also congratulations to you, and some would also say condolences to you as well, on your recent appointment to head up the Division. Thank you also, of course, for your hard work at the Commission for 2 decades, 20 years.    The Division of Investment Management has broad regulatory responsibility over registered investment companies, ICIs, investment advisers, asset managers, and other entities that manage money basically on behalf of investors. And this year actually marks the 75th anniversary of the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act as well, two statutes that the SEC has administered for years as an independent--I note that--agency with expertise over our capital markets.    Though many on this committee, myself included, often disagree with some of the actions of the SEC, I believe that there is broad bipartisan agreement that the Commission should remain the primary regulator of investment funds and our capital markets, and that the Commission's independence should never be compromised. However, recently the SEC's independence has come under increasing threat from unaccountable and secretive regulatory bodies--namely, the FSOC, the Federal Reserve, and the Financial Stability Board--that appear to be on a mission to eliminate risk from our capital markets by imposing bank-like regulations on asset managers and others that have been deemed part of the so-called shadow banking system.    The FSOC, in particular, has not been shy in the past about using its bully pulpit, if you will, to influence or to threaten or cajole other regulators into carrying out its agenda, this despite the fact that expertise over the asset management industry and registered investment companies resides not with the prudential regulators, but with the SEC, and specifically with the Division of Investment Management.    And so to that end, I am encouraged that the SEC is finally beginning to assert its jurisdiction in this area. Last year, Chair White laid out a rulemaking agenda for asset managers that so far includes proposals for enhanced disclosure, as well as rules for liquidity management by investment funds. Now, I would prefer that the SEC draft such new rules as opposed to the FSOC or the Federal Reserve. I do remain concerned that part of the SEC's agenda is still subject to an inappropriate influence by the prudential regulators.    And so, today, as part of our oversight responsibility, this subcommittee will be closely monitoring the SEC's actions in this area to ensure that they actually reflect the SEC's threefold mission and are not simply an ad hoc response to threats from other regulatory bodies.    Additionally, I am eager to hear today about the Division's work regarding Section 913 of the Dodd-Frank Act, and the Department of Labor's Fiduciary Rule, as well as the efforts that the Division is undertaking to just generally to promote capital formation.    And so with that, Director Grim, thank you again for being with us here. And I now yield 5 minutes to the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mrs. Maloney.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, for this continuing oversight hearing that you have arranged. And I welcome Mr. Grim to our hearing today.    The SEC's Division of Investment Management is one of the agency's most important divisions because it regulates the asset management industry including investment advisers, mutual funds, and exchange traded funds (ETFs).    Mutual funds and ETFs have been growing at an incredibly rapid pace in recent years. Mutual funds have grown from $4.4 trillion in assets in 2000 to a whopping $12.7 trillion in assets presently. And ETFs have grown from $151 billion in assets in 2003 to nearly $2 trillion today.    There are nearly 12,000 registered investment advisers overseen by the Investment Management Division, and these investment advisers report over $62 trillion in assets under management. So it is fair to say that the Investment Management Division has its work cut out for it. When an industry is growing and innovating as rapidly as the asset management industry, it is critical that the regulator not get left behind.    So has the growth come from new products that pose excessive risks or that investors don't fully understand? Has the industry's core infrastructure kept pace with the rapid growth?    On this score, the Investment Management Division is beginning to catch up with the industry. For instance, the Division is working on three critical new rules on liquidity management for mutual funds, which is an area that some regulators have argued poses a risk to the markets. The Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC, has expressed concern that without proper liquidity management there is a risk that funds could be forced into a fire sale of illiquid assets which would send prices plummeting and harm the broader markets.    It is not entirely clear how big this risk is. But after the financial crisis of 2008, prudence is the best course. So the SEC has responded by embarking on a series of rulemakings, led by the Investment Management Division, that are designed to protect investors by requiring mutual funds to bolster their liquidity management practices. And I think the SEC should be praised for these rulemakings. Thank you.    In May, the SEC proposed to enhance disclosures about mutual funds' liquidity which will allow investors to make more informed choices and potentially avoid investing in funds that are riskier than an investor wants. And just last month, the SEC proposed a new rule that would allow mutual funds to use something called swing pricing, which would force investors who are withdrawing their money from mutual funds to internalize the cost of their withdrawals and thus protect the remaining investors.    I think that this is a sensible proposal to the extent that the liquidity issues in mutual funds could create a real first-mover advantage, in other words, an incentive for investors to withdraw their money first, like on a bank run. Swing pricing has the potential to eliminate that first-mover advantage entirely.    This latest proposed rule also formalizes and enhances the SEC's longstanding liquidity guidelines for mutual funds, which will provide more consistent and robust liquidity practices across the entire mutual fund industry.    So I am encouraged by the Investment Management Division's work in this area, and I hope that they will continue to press ahead with the proposals that Chair Mary Jo White outlined before this committee earlier. I look forward to hearing more from Mr. Grim about his work on these proposals. And I yield back.    Thank you very much for coming.    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you so much.    Mr. Grim, I would like to ask you about the assessment management rulemakings. As you know, last December Chair White appeared before this committee and she outlined a three-part pan to update the regulatory regime for assessment managers due to the significant changes in the industry in recent years. And the SEC has now proposed two of the three rules that she promised: enhanced disclosures; and liquidity management rules. But we still haven't seen the third rule yet, which will require transition plans for winding down asset managers.    Can you give us an update on this third rule? When do you expect the staff to be ready to present the Commission with a set of recommendations for this rule?    Mr. Grim. On stress testing and transition plans, I think one of the things the crisis showed us was the importance of planning for stress, the importance of planning for transitions. And as a result, as you point out, that is an important initiative on our list of priorities.    With respect to stress testing, it is actually a Dodd-Frank-mandated requirement that we develop stress testing rules for large nonbank entities, some of which are the registrants in our world.    And we have made terrific progress on both. With respect to stress testing, as a matter of fact, we have stress testing rules already in existence on money market funds. They were part of the money market fund rules that I mentioned in my opening statement. These rules are now looking to develop the right kind of stress testing approach for other kinds of large investment companies. We are making great progress on our recommendation to the Commission. In terms of timing, obviously that is up to the Commission when they are ready to vote on it.    Mrs. Maloney. Do you have a general sense? In a year? Six months? Whatever. A general--    Mr. Grim. It is hard to know. All I can say is that we have made great progress on the recommendations and I am hoping it is going to be in the near term.    Mrs. Maloney. Okay. I mentioned in my opening remarks the SEC's proposal on swing pricing in my statement, but I want to drill down on that a little bit. I understand that other countries, particularly in Europe, already use the swing pricing, but I understand that there might be some operational challenges to adopting it in the United States. Can you tell us what the SEC found as you were developing this proposal, and why did the SEC make swing pricing voluntary in its proposed rule? Why not make it mandatory as they do in Europe?    Mr. Grim. With respect to swing pricing, the Commission unanimously proposed it as part of our liquidity rule. And I think what we were trying to accomplish with it is, it is really an intent to make fund pricing more fair for all investors. So it is the investors getting out, out of the fund through redemptions, they are paying the cost that their activity generates for the funds. That makes it fair for those investors. It also makes it fair for the remaining investors in the fund. It allocates the cost more fairly. That is what we were trying to accomplish.    You are correct to point out that there are potentially some operational challenges with the swing pricing. We spent a lot of time in our release asking questions about those. It is out for public comment right now and we are very much looking forward to getting the public reaction to those questions, as well as others around swing pricing.    Mrs. Maloney. Are there situations where swing pricing could harm certain investors?    Mr. Grim. We hope not. That is obviously not what we want, investor protection being part of our mandate, and we hope not. But that is part of the public comment process. We will hear from all sides of the issue and develop our recommendation for the Commission in light of the public comment.    Mrs. Maloney. If swing pricing had been in effect, would it have changed in any way the economic crisis and the response that took place in 2008 where there was a run on the mutual funds and a run on a lot of equity products?    Mr. Grim. The focus of the most harmful runs during the crisis was in the money market fund space in particular. The money market fund rules have already been adopted by the Commission in response to that. It is hard to say whether taking it to the sort of other kinds of funds that are under our--how it would have changed behavior or the results of the crisis. But I think I would say, again, what we are trying to promote is a fair thing that is better for all investors within the fund. So we will see what the public thinks of our proposal.    Mrs. Maloney. My time has expired. Thank you.