    Mr. Polis. Thank you. You referred to me as ``Chairman Polis.'' I do not know if we are expecting a change or not. Ranking Member Polis and someday chair, perhaps.    But I want to thank the chairman for convening this. This is a great conversation. I think we are all interested in the role of employers, the role of wellness. The discussion that has occurred in Congress and will continue to really runs the gamut from should employers even be involved with the provision of health care to what can employers do to encourage wellness among employees and share in the benefits of reduced costs that can accrue from the right kinds of wellness programs.    I was in Congress when we passed the Affordable Care Act. I remember various predictions that occurred, many of them were about many employers dropping health care coverage or skyrocketing costs. I am glad to say that many of those doomsday predictions have not occurred.    Of course, we can find instances of employers who made decisions to drop, employers that made decisions to add health care, but in the aggregate, for better or worse, there has not been a market shift from the employer-based system of health care.    In fact, there has been a delay in the tax provisions that would have encouraged that shift to occur, namely a tax referred to as the ``Cadillac tax,'' which I think was in part designed to transition from an employer-based health care system to an individual or exchange-based health care system.    I have started several businesses myself as an employer before the ACA. I knew how frustrating health care costs were. Health care choices were difficult, expensive for small businesses. The administrative burden to small businesses it was and is large. I certainly think anything we can do through the exchanges to reduce the administrative burden of administering health care programs for small- and mid-sized businesses would be greatly beneficial.    The fact is that receiving health care through an employer is still the most popular option. In my own state, the proportion of Coloradoans with large employer coverage is actually increasing, and it increased about 3 percent over the last five years, and currently 156 million Americans are covered by their employers.    The ACA made a number of changes to improve access to insurance. I think it is a baseline of having insured more than 10 million people, 10 million more people that we can build upon. I think we are also very interested in cost reduction measures. Wellness initiatives can certainly be among those.    Last fall, as an example, my State legislature in Colorado passed a law allowing physicians to write prescriptions using remote telemedicine technology. In instances like that, examples like that can be used to reduce costs.    Additionally, we can share findings on things to reduce costs through the Division of Insurance and use data in pursuit of more innovative solutions to control costs. I think that will be the key with regard to measuring the effectiveness of wellness programs at employers.    There is a lot of hype, and we really have to see what actually accrues in cost savings, to the shared benefit, one would hope, of the employee and the company that offers the wellness program with, of course, room for private contractors to make a profit as well who actually provide those types of wellness programs.    I hope that we can find a better, more streamlined way to deliver care. It is also important that we do not forget the importance of policies like paid sick leave and paid family leave that are very important to employees and important to overall wellness and job satisfaction.    Remind, I want to use this occasion to remind our chair that over 40 million workers do not have access to paid sick days and paid family leave, which I think are really helpful and the basis of some of the important wellness policies that we need to initiate.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses, look forward to a thoughtful discussion about how we can control health care costs through innovative partnerships between the government and the private sector, and hearing a little bit more about the role of employer-based health care now and in the future, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Polis. Thank you. Real interesting testimony. I wanted to address to Ms. McDonough and Ms. Franklin, obviously very exciting ways to encourage wellness and health at the employer level.    What mechanisms have you seen for incentivizing employees to participate and for some of the savings to accrue to the benefit of the employee as well as the employer? I will go to Ms. McDonough first, and then Ms. Franklin.    Mr. Polis. In your case, they also get a free Fitbit, right?    Mr. Polis. What is the typical cost of a Fitbit device?    Mr. Polis. So, the employee benefit might be half the cost of a Fitbit, so it might be $50 or $100, something like that, towards the cost of it?    Mr. Polis. Or the whole cost?    Mr. Polis. In any case that is great, Ms. Franklin?    Mr. Polis. Hopefully, where this will go, and maybe someone will comment on this, you know is tying the data on the actual savings back to what the incentive is and how that can earned along with savings to the company. Does anybody want to address that frontier of how we can tie data back to provide the right incentive for employees and save money for employers? Mr. Zern?    Mr. Polis. In a follow-up question, if there is a second round we will go more into this, and I think there might be depending on how many questions from the panel there are, but how do we weed out wellness programs that do not increase wellness?    And by the way Mr. Zern, there seems like there would be a lot of those, because there are hundreds or thousands of folks with various wellness programs, I do not know, maybe half of them do, half of them do not, or 90 percent do not and 10 do, whatever it is.    How do we actually make sure that--by the way, the ones that do not enhance wellness may very well have other benefits like employee morale, retention, or other things, but not health care costs and wellness.    How do we weed out--not weed out. I guess how do we differentiate between what a wellness program is or what is a straight employee morale retention program?    Mr. Polis. Thank you. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Polis. I will be brief. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you to our witnesses for a very thoughtful and thought provoking discussion about how we can reduce costs, improve health outcomes in our employer-based health care system. Employer-sponsored insurance has been very popular, is very popular, will likely remain very popular.    We need to do everything we can to make sure that businesses and health care consumers have the right incentives to provide additional wellness based options and new programs to employees to help save costs and to make workers healthier.    I am excited about the role and the potential of technology and data to be very central to the decision making process at the employer level and within private exchanges as well.    It is heartening to see companies that are taking a close look at new and more efficient models for delivery, that can cut costs and improve outcomes.    I think we only scratched the surface today, Mr. Chair, and look forward to a lot more information for policymakers to make informed decisions about how we can encourage these kinds of activities in the marketplace, and I yield back.