    Mr. Bost. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, the last time the Corps testified before this committee, I requested the Corps respond to a request for them to examine the deep flaws in the agency's environmental impact statement whenever they put it together for the next NGA West Campus, and I still have not received that and any information on that inquiry.    Let me kind of explain what all was involved with that and why that is important.    The Corps EIS was used by the agency to determine where to locate the NGA West. The EIS misidentified in that report St. Clair County, Illinois, by going with St. Clair County, Missouri, along with St. Clair County, Michigan.    In that study they wanted to bring up the environmental impact for the Osage River, which is in Missouri, not in Illinois. That was then used in making the determination. Now, let me tell you that the Secretary said that it was not the only thing used in making the determination, but in the St. Clair County, Illinois, the county owned and controlled the land that they were offering and were going to give it to the Federal Government for free.    The St. Louis site that they did look over is an already developed urban area, and it required imminent domain of 42 properties, land acquisition movements, and also the removing of historical structures. It also has some environmental impacts that we know exist from the Cold War days, and that is not even digging into the ground yet to figure that out.    This site, then the Corps EIS claimed it would be cheaper on the St. Louis site than the St. Clair County site. This makes no sense to me whatsoever, and that is why I asked for the report, and it has been quite some time to try to figure out exactly what was done here and why.    Everything I have done with the Corps since being elected has been fairly good. I mean, it really has, and believe me, I deal with you a lot because, lucky me, I have three navigable waterways in the Illinois 12 and so from that side and other projects.    But this one has really got me concerned because for a professional agency to come forward with a report like that, and of all things, the agency that they were getting the study for is geo mapping, but they cannot figure out what county or where their county is located that they need to be looking at.    So that is why I really need if you could to get that report to me and find out why.    General Jackson. Well, Congressman, thank you very much for that, and I remember very well the conversation we had when I testified last to the committee on the 17th. We received a letter from your staff shortly thereafter, maybe within a couple of days, asking for an engineering inspector general investigation into that. I am told as of yesterday it is done and they are working to schedule an out-brief to you that will lay out all of the details of the investigation and answer the questions that you posed.    So I want to let you know that that is coming to you shortly.    Mr. Bost. Thank you.    General Jackson. If it can be scheduled, that will probably answer all of the questions.    As an agency leader, we are always looking to do the right thing. We are always looking to be technically proficient in everything that we do. I do acknowledge that as we have done our own investigative work, there were errors made in the draft EIS that we put together, and we acknowledge also that the EIS was a part of the decision calculus that NGA has used to make final decisions.    But I will leave the details that you have asked for to the EIG update, and I will be glad to follow up with you on any questions that you might have that the update does not answer, sir.    Mr. Bost. OK. I look forward to that meeting. Thank you very much.