    Mr. Veasey. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I wanted to ask the general a couple of questions based on the popular opinion poll that he gave us here, and it was talking about Afghans expressing confidence in their new government.    Do you have any sort of sense of how Afghans feel as far as confidence is concerned with Afghan capability post-U.S. or U.S.--post-U.S. drawdown?    General Campbell. Sir, again, it is--you know, like anything else, I think they understand the capability that just having the coalition with them provides, and a lot of it is just giving them some confidence.    You know, as I have taken a look on close air support--I give you that as an example that I get asked a lot of times, ``I need close air support. I need close air support.''    What I tell the Afghans is, ``Don't plan your operation wholly dependent upon close air support. You have the capability. The Taliban doesn't have close air support. The Taliban doesn't have up-armored Humvees. That Taliban doesn't have D-30 howitzers. The Taliban doesn't have, you know, the weapons that you have.''    So a part of it is just leadership again, and then really having the confidence to take this fight to the enemy. But if you go out on the streets of Kabul and you engage with, you know, 85 percent or 80-plus percent of the people, they would tell you they are thankful for the coalition, that they want the coalition around.    I think they are more comfortable if they have a coalition because it knows, you know, one, from helping out the security forces; it also provides them the opportunity to engage, have jobs, and that kind of thing. So I think they would tell you that they feel comfortable with the coalition presence.    Mr. Veasey. Right. Exactly.    Well, what about with a U.S. drawdown, how would that be perceived out in the terror community? Do you think the people in the terror community, whether it is the Taliban or even outside of the Taliban, outside of Afghanistan, you know, how do they view, you know, the Afghans' capability as far as being able to protect their own country?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks. I think, you know, I would go back--if I can answer the last one a little bit more in detail.    There was, I think, at different points in time a sense of abandonment if you talk to some Afghans. But for the most part the security forces, as they get the message out and show the people of Afghanistan what they are capable of, then I think that increases their confidence that the Afghan security forces can handle this. So there was early on, I think, some abandonment-type discussion going on. I have not seen that, quite frankly, in the last several months as the Afghan security forces continue to get better and better.    I think on the terror community that you talked about, I think they were thinking that the coalition would be gone after 2014 and that, you know, they would wait that out. I think with the BSA and the SOFA now signed they understand that for many, many years we will have a continued commitment by the international community to remain in Afghanistan both in some number, but also in the resources provided to Afghanistan.    And again, I think that the time has come that they have got to become part of the political process. They have got to get back into--to being part of Afghanistan--they can't have Afghans killing Afghans, Muslims killing Muslims.    And I think it is a sign of strength that President Ghani, on his first day of office, signed the BSA and the SOFA, and the message is sent to the terrorist community is, hey, you know, we thought it was going to go away and it is not.    Mr. Veasey. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back my time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Cook.