    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your eloquent remarks as you opened up this particular hearing.    To my right, to your left is the gentlewoman from Missouri, Ms. Wagner. And as the ranking member was talking about putting the emphasis on what we do here in the United States, it has not only been her calling but her passion to address that. And so I wanted to acknowledge not only her presence but her willingness to engage on this horrific crime against, for many practical purposes, young girls, but not just young girls, young boys as we well know, but not only here in the United States, but internationally. And so her presence here hopefully underscores the importance that all Members of Congress, whether they are on this committee or not, places on this particular topic.    I am troubled by the trend that I see. And I want to be very specific in terms of what I am looking for today from each one of you. I don't doubt the work that many of you do and the passion at which you do it. This is some of you have been called to this and you see it as a personal mission and not just a profession. And I thank you for that.    But I am troubled by what I see is a manipulation for political purposes of the TIP Report that basically has elevated to a level beyond many of you who are seated here at that particular desk. I am troubled by the reports, not only that the chairman has mentioned, but specifically how we seem to have all the way up to Secretary Kerry and those that are just shy of his position intervening with regards to decisions on who will be included and who will not be included.    So let me be very clear. Many times when we have the Secretary or an Under Secretary coming in to testify and things have not gone well, they say that they oversee a vast agency of hundreds if not thousands of different reporting supervisors and managers, and they couldn't individually weigh in on those when it comes to accountability. But yet as we started to do the analysis with who was included and who was excluded, it appears that it goes to the very highest levels within the State Department and then weighing in on who should be on the report and who should not.    That is troubling because once you get away from those who best understand it, the decisions are political. It is beyond my comprehension, and certainly I find it extremely interesting that Malaysia would have been removed from their status during a TPP negotiation process that is ongoing. And yet we somehow see this as being a pragmatic decision when very little on the ground appears to have changed.    Either the report and our efforts to correct these terrible crimes are meaningful or they become a political tool. And if they become a political tool, then indeed we need to do away with the agency and the very report itself because it is nothing more than sending the wrong message that we don't take this serious.    I am here today because I take this serious. I take it very serious. My daughter at 15 years of age brought this particular subject really up close and personal when she talked about what was happening in the United States and abroad. And if we are not going to stand up and be a voice, then who will?    And so I am being direct. I expect direct answers as we go into the question and answer period, and specifically with what kinds of intervention has taken place that could potentially be perceived as political.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I would yield back.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So, Dr. Johnstone, your testimony today, and let me be clear, is that no factor other than trafficking issues, no trade issues, no domestic policy issues have entered in in the decisions to either raise or lower the status of any of these countries this year? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. Not discussions. I am asking about your testimony here today. Is that your testimony that it did not play a factor?    Mr. Meadows. I am not asking about discussions, okay. You are giving a great answer to a question I didn't ask. I am talking about consideration. There is a difference between discussion and what is really considered in terms of the way that a decision is arrived at. And I am just saying that the evidence wouldn't support that there were not other mitigating factors.    And I want to know what your testimony is here today because that, you are leading us that direction and I want to make sure that we are clear.    Mr. Meadows. I am asking for your testimony. You are here today. If he was here I would ask him the same question. But I am asking for your testimony.    Mr. Meadows. Yes or no.    Mr. Meadows. I need to know, yes or no?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. Are you and Mr. Carouso, are you willing to give us your split memos or split reports and supply them to this committee as it relates to the decisions and how they came?    Mr. Meadows. I know they don't. I said are you willing to give them? Because that would help us eliminate the decision-making process without you having to weigh in on it personally. And do you not think the American people have a right to know?    Mr. Meadows. Do you think the American people have a right to know?    Mr. Meadows. Arrive at these horrific crimes and whether we trade with them, how it would be trade, do you think the American people have a right to know? It is an easy question.    Mr. Meadows. All right. So will you supply the split memo to this committee?    Mr. Meadows. Are you saying that you are prohibited? Because I don't believe you are prohibited.    Mr. Meadows. All right. Mr. Carouso, are you willing to give us your split memos?    Mr. Meadows. Well you guys, I am sure you prepared for this hearing today. And as you were preparing for this hearing I believe that you would anticipate that this particular question would have come up. And so when you prepared what was the decision was made? Were you going to give that information to this committee or not, Mr. Carouso?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. All right. So let me ask you this. There were 17 different cases. Of the 17 cases, the initial recommendations were only adhered to, according to my information, in three times, three out of 17. That is a batting average of .175. Normally it wouldn't put you on the Kansas City Royals with that kind of batting average.    So if your recommendation was only followed and not overruled, that is the way that I view it, being overruled, by people up the line, only out of 17 times you were overruled 14 times, would you say that that is indicative of people up the line making a decision that may not be based on those closest to the information?    Mr. Meadows. I am not denying that. What I am, what I am getting at is it appears that Secretary Kerry and the Under Secretary made a decision in 6 of the 17 cases. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. That is not an internal position. That is just saying how many times did they weigh in? Did they weigh in six times or not?    Mr. Meadows. Well, I, I appreciate----    Mr. Meadows . That. But you know what it appears is is that you're coming here, we are asking very specific and not difficult questions and yet you seem to want to avoid those. Wendy Sherman, who I have a great deal of respect for, admire, weighed in on 11 countries; is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Not able to not willing?    Mr. Meadows. So you are saying by statute you are not allowed to tell this committee, who has oversight of this particular issue? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Meadows. Are you willing to have us review that when we are not in a public forum with just members of both the minority and the majority looking at those split memos? Are you willing to do that?    Mr. Meadows. When will you have an answer back to this committee?    Mr. Meadows. So within 7 days?    Mr. Meadows. All right. I will yield back. Thank you.