    Mr. Reeder. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Carson, Ranking Member DeFazio, and members of the subcommittee.    I am very pleased to appear before you today to discuss the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation and its engagement of the General Services Administration to secure a new headquarters lease for PBGC that reduces our space and consolidates our headquarters operations into a single location.    PBGC was established over 40 years ago by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA, to protect the retirement incomes of workers and retirees covered by private sector defined benefit pension plans. PBGC receives no taxpayer dollars. PBGC's operations are financed by insurance premiums, investment income, and assets and recoveries from failed plans.    PBGC covers more than 40 million Americans and more than 23,000 pension plans. We work with financially troubled employers that sponsor pension plans to help them preserve promised benefits and avoid plan failure.    For workers and retirees in plans that do fail, the agency's guarantee is critical to their retirement security. Today PBGC is responsible for the payment of current and future pensions for about 1.5 million Americans in 4,800 failed pension plans.    PBGC's staff come from diverse fields, including law, actuarial science, financial analysis, auditing, and information technology. The great service provided by our highly collaborative, talented and devoted workforce is well recognized by our customers.    In 2015, our customers' satisfaction score surpassed the scores of all Government agencies, as well as the best companies in the private sector.    PBGC began leasing its current headquarters space at 1200 K Street in 1992. As the demand for PBGC's services has grown, its Federal and contractor workforce has also expanded, and it's now over 1,800 total Federal employees and contractors, and our headquarters has expanded to two additional nearby buildings here in Washington.    PBGC also leases space in Kingstowne, Virginia, to take advantage of lower rates for certain back office operations while maintaining proximity for headquarters staff, and we have a decreasing number of field offices.    In 1994 we had 17 field offices. Today we have only five as we continue to find opportunities to improve efficiency and further reduce our footprint.    Although ERISA technically gives us independent leasing authority, it was an obvious decision for us to go to the agency with the expertise, bench strength, and clear authority to obtain the best value for PBGC's premium payers and other stakeholders as we contemplated the expiration of our headquarters lease at the end of 2018.    Last year we submitted our program of requirements to the GSA, and in March of this year, PBGC met with GSA, and the broker assigned to PBGC's lease procurement to go over proposed timelines and additional information.    Last month GSA submitted the prospectus lease for PBGC's consolidated headquarters space to the committee, and we have begun discussing the prospectus with subcommittee staff. Although it is still early in the process, I believe we have established a sound working relationship with GSA. The PBGC and GSA teams have been working well together and communications are good. We are moving forward in accordance with the steps GSA and PBGC have agreed to, and we are making good progress.    PBGC is pleased to be partnering with GSA in seeking a consolidated headquarters location. Consolidating our headquarters into one building will not only reduce our footprint and our cost, but it will also improve effective communication and collaboration in serving our customers.    Again, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today and look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Mr. Reeder. As you can probably tell from my oral testimony, I am very proud of what the PBGC does. We are very busy and very adept at preserving pensions and protecting pensioners and paying timely benefits and maintaining high standards of stewardship.    And regarding stewardship and accountability, we believe that the GSA is more adept at obtaining the best value for our headquarters lease. Although we clearly meet the first two criteria that you mentioned, that we have express statutory leasing authority and we have no-year funds, the interpretation of the recording statute is unclear enough to us that we wanted to go with the GSA to have a clearer authority for our headquarters lease.    Mr. Reeder. As I mentioned earlier, we do think that they have the bench strength and the clear authority to negotiate a lease. Since we saw our lease ending in 2018, beginning in 2014 we began looking at all of the options we had, various leasing options and including a purchase option. Before making the decision to go to the GSA, we hired a space planner and architectural firm and began developing our program of requirements.    We made the decision to go with GSA fairly recently. So we did it in consultation in our own building as well as with OMB, as well as with GSA, and I think it is the right decision.    Mr. Reeder. Yes. We began leasing our current headquarters back in 1992, and our field offices in our Kingstowne space were leased in a comparable timeframe. So as I implied earlier, we do not do a lot in the leasing arena and not often. It has been 24 years since we have leased our main space, and we follow procurement standards. We follow the regular procurement requirements, and we believe we have gotten competitive or below market rates on most of our leases, as has been shown by the GAO report.    But we believe that our turn towards the GSA will help us do that even better.