    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today we consider patent litigation at the International Trade Commission. The ITC is not widely known or understood outside of a narrow group of practitioners and interested parties. But it plays an important role in shaping trade policy in the United States. Among its duties is to adjudicate cases involving imports that allegedly infringe intellectual property rights, and to potentially exclude such products from entering the United States.    Because the ITC is becoming an increasingly popular venue for bringing patent infringement claims in recent years, it is appropriate for this Subcommittee to examine how the ITC handles patent litigation, and whether any legislative or regulatory changes are warranted.    When we last considered this topic in 2013, we did so in the context of the ongoing crisis of abusive patent litigation. We heard testimony that patent trolls had identified the ITC as a friendly forum, and were flooding the system with abusive and frivolous claims, particularly after the Supreme Court's 2006 decision in eBay v. Merck Exchange.    Prior to the eBay case, injunctions in patent cases were viewed as almost automatic. However, the court ruled that patent holders in district court cases must satisfy the same four-factor test applied to other plaintiffs seeking an injunction, including showing that monetary damages are insufficient to compensate the plaintiff, and that the plaintiff will suffer irreparable harm without an injunction.    By some estimates, the eBay standard reduced the chances of an injunction being granted to just 1 in 3. Concerns were raised that, after this decision, non-practicing entities, or NPEs, were flocking to the ITC, which does not apply the eBay analysis, and where an exclusion order is almost automatic if infringement is found.    The drastic step of an exclusion order can serve as a death knell for a business. As manufacturing has increasingly moved overseas in recent years, even an American company may find its products excluded from the U.S. if they are found to be infringing. Because the consequences of having one's product prevented from being imported into the U.S. are so great, NPEs were exploiting this risk to pressure defendants into settling even frivolous cases.    Since we last considered this issue, the ITC has taken some steps to attempt to address some of the concerns over NPEs and abusive litigation. For example, as ITC case law continues to evolve, NPEs, whose entire business model depends on litigation, may find it more difficult to establish that there is a domestic industry that would be threatened by the importation of a particular product, as is required under Section 337 of the Tariff Act.    In addition, the ITC has begun a pilot project, which it proposes to codify and expand, allowing the Commission to identify potentially case dispositive issues when the investigation begins, and direct the presiding judge to issue an initial determination of those issues within 100 days. If used to its full extent and made permanent, this may help weed out weak claims at an early stage and discourage many others from even being filed. Indeed, recent statistics indicate that filings by NPEs has dropped from its peak, between 2008 and 2011.    I hope our witnesses will help us to understand whether this reduction in filings is just temporary, or whether the ITC has adequately addressed the concern over abusive litigation through these and other measures. And if further action is necessary, does the ITC have sufficient tools at its disposal? Or is Congressional action required? I also look forward to a discussion of whether patent litigation at the ITC serves as a complement to district court litigation, or whether they conflict with each other.    As an independent, quasi-judicial Federal agency focused solely on trade, the ITC operates under a different set of rules, with a different mandate, than Article III courts. What sorts of incentives do plaintiffs have to pick district court or the ITC as an appropriate forum, or to file parallel litigation in both arenas? Are defendants being treated fairly in this process? And what are the implications for developing a uniform understanding of patent law, when it is being administered and interpreted by two different judicial bodies? Are any reforms needed? And if so, should Congress enact legislative changes? Or should they be accomplished through the regulatory process? I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about these and other important matters, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Thorne, you testified, with respect to the leverage, that the ITC process gives someone--where they can get relief where you could not get an injunction in court because of the--presumably the balance of equities that would not yield an injunction. Do you think it is right you should be able to have a forum to get relief when on the balance of equity you could not get relief?    Mr. Nadler. Well, that is granted.    Mr. Nadler. That is the balance of equities test that a court of equity, the Article III court, will do. Now, the ITC does not use that balance of equity, so my question is, is it right as a matter of equity and fairness that we have a forum where those equitable principles are bypassed?    Mr. Nadler. So you have a forum where they can bypass the normal equitable balancing of--the normal balancing of equities and issue a contrary decision with a powerful--not injunction--a powerful exclusion which has the effect of an injunction?    Mr. Nadler. Dr. Morton, would you comment on that?    Mr. Nadler. Do you think it is right that we have such a----    Mr. Nadler. So you are saying, in that kind of a case, an Article III court with a balance of equities test would be much less of a blunt instrument.    Mr. Nadler. Ms. Okun.    Mr. Nadler. I understand that. I am concerned--I am hearing this--I am concerned about why, as a matter of policy, we should have a separate remedial forum that is not subject--although it can use--is not subject to normal equitable balances. And let me ask one further question first, Ms. Okun and maybe Mr. Thorne and Dr. Morton. In most administrative agencies, you can remove a case to Federal court. That would seem to be a safeguard. Here you cannot. Should you be able to?    Mr. Nadler. But why not go the other way around?    Mr. Nadler. I understand that. Why should we not--I am asking what should the statute say, not what does it.    Mr. Nadler. My time is expired, but I would like to hear Mr. Thorne's comment and anyone else who wants to comment on that.    Mr. Nadler. So it should be removable.    Mr. Nadler. Well I just--thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just have a general observation. It seems to me very questionable why you would have--and maybe we ought to do something about it--why you would have a situation where one body can issue decrees, call them what you will, that flout the normal equitable considerations that an Article III court would impose.    And also, the question is why you have these dual jurisdictions, we can at least remove a case. These are questions that I am going to look into further. So you should develop one body of case law, and enable the normal equitable considerations to apply because I do not see any reason, unless someone can show me a reason, why you have one area where equity does not--where the equitable principles do not apply, because we all agree on equitable principles, at least I always thought we did. Thank you.