    Mr. Mica. Thank you. And I can tell where to look for some of those dollars. In MAP-21, we passed legislation that was supposed to consolidate or eliminate 50 to 60 programs. When we questioned in the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, how many people had left, there was nobody. So there are plenty of people and plenty of resources. I suggest you might tell the Secretary to find some of them to go into the important oversight responsibility for the transit systems, Ms. Flowers. Ms. Flowers, now you're--the--with some fanfare, the Secretary's announced a--what's the name of the position that's going to be created?    Ms. Flowers. A senior advisor.    Mr. Mica. A senior advisor. And that's just for WMATA, is that right?    Ms. Flowers. That's correct.    Mr. Mica. OK. Well, I don't want this to be window dressing. That's probably a good idea. You probably need some technical people to know what's going on and what we're looking for. But in order to make that effective, Mr. Chairman or Madam Chairman, I want you to report to the committee quarterly, OK? And I'll ask the staff for a quarterly report. Maybe we could have one in 3 months, September, end of September. Then one at the end of the year. And actually what you find, to get it back to us. Because I'm going to take some action in the next Congress.    You know, I get enough votes and all that to get back here, and make people's life responsible and accountable. But we need accountability out of you all too. OK? It can't be window dressing. It has to be real. And some of the people are saying we don't give WMATA enough money. Again, my chart we brought out in oversight hearings, again, Mr. Wiedefeld, 60 percent of capital funds come from the Federal Government. It's one of the highest in the Nation. The closest is the chairman's operation, SEPTA gets 39 percent of its money, Philadelphia, operations there. That's correct about that percentage, right Mr. Wiedefeld?    Mr. Mica. It's pretty high. In our March 18th hearing, and just prior to that, I checked to see the amount of--``we gotta have money, we gotta have money''--we got $783 million the week before in Federal funds sitting at WMATA. Checked it. Do you have--and then the year before, we had $485 million in 2015, sitting there, not used by WMATA. Some of that money does have constraints on it, sir. Is there anything that needs to be changed so that that money can be used to make the improvements for safety that are necessary? Do you have enough flexibility in that? I need to know now, because we're doing appropriations for you. Tell me, yes?    Mr. Mica. You do have the flexibility?    Mr. Mica. OK. But the money was there. The money was there. OK. When you testified on the 18th, 65 percent of the arcing had been taken care of. Where are we today?    Mr. Mica. What percentage would you estimate?    Mr. Mica. Are we at 70 percent? Have we made progress since March do you think?    Mr. Mica. What's left? Twenty percent, ten percent?    Mr. Mica. I know. I've been out there. I've seen them. I went down to NTSB. I saw the coating. I saw them, some in water. Come on. But what percentage is done? Tell the committee. Get that to the committee. We need to know. That's where we're having problems right now. And that's not rocket science. How much of that is being done in-house, how much is contracted?    Mr. Mica. OK. So it's contractors. Most of your repairs, you can probably get done best by contract rather than in-house, right?    Mr. Mica. OK. OK. But again, we got to address the immediate problems, the arcing. Any safety. Are there any other major safety issues? Signalization? I heard you're doing some ties and things like that. What would you say are the next safety issues, real quick?    Mr. Mica. And would you also submit to the committee a list of prioritization in which, and what percentage you think you can do in-house and out, not out-house, but outside. OK, finally, on that hearing, and you had to face me the first hearing. Sometimes I have a tough demeanor. I said, ``You need to fire people.'' I just saw the tape. I looked--it's part of my Italian background, I get a little emotional. Sir, you fired people. You fired about 20, I heard?    Mr. Mica. OK. I'm going to create a new award. You're going to get the first one. This is a certificate of appreciation. I'll probably make these into gold, into silver and bronze. You're going to get a silver. Because you actually responded since March 18th and took action and fired people. So this is the certificate. A special congressional recognition from me to you. If we could get more people in other agencies too.    Mr. Mica. EPA, and on and on, to take the action you have, we'd have much better Government. Thank you for stepping up to the plate and doing your job responsibly. OK. Finally. If this doesn't work, in January when I come back, I will have a very nice--well, maybe I'll give you a little bit more time, sir. I will have a privatization bill to turn this over to private management if this doesn't work. But I think we're in fairly good hands, and I'm rooting for you.    Mr. Mica. Thank you, sir. And staff, would you make sure that the gentleman gets this certificate? This is unprecedented in 24 years in Congress. Thank you.