    Mr. Lynch. Is it working? Oh, I am sorry. Okay. There we go. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also want to thank Mr. Cummings and Mr. Connolly and Mr. Meadows for all their work. We have done a lot of work on the side here to try to coordinate our efforts up here. And I am very pleased to see that the same thing is happening down there. I mean, we have a new postmaster general, along with the National Association of Letter Carrier, rural letter carriers, mail handlers, the clerks, supervisors, and then the PRC, as well as the mailing community and the GAO, inspectors general, everybody on the same page. And so it troubles me that we can't move this ball forward.    I do want to focus on one key aspect of this, and that is the coordination of benefits between the FEHBP--I hate these acronyms--but the Federal Employee Health Benefit Plan and Medicare. So, Postmaster General Brennan, the situation we have right now, as has been noted by the chairman--and the chairman deserves a lot of credit because he has really been the one that has brought us all together with the ranking member and has us all working together, and it has been completely bipartisan and really--we do a lot of work up here, and this effort has been really bipartisan.    But the way this works right now, the Postal Service is the second-largest contributor to Medicare, and the largest--and as the chairman and the ranking member noted, your people, the postal employees paid in $29 billion so far to Medicare. And the largest group is DOD, I believe, and they have a TRICARE wraparound with Medicare. And they are the largest. But when folks come out of the military and go on benefits, they are required to use Medicare as their primary insurer, so that is a good way to reduce their costs.    And we don't do that at the Postal Service. We have about 25 percent of our employees that are relying solely on FEHBP and are not using, as they could, as they could because they have paid in--they are not using Medicare as their primary insurer. This in fact would--and I think President Rolando mentioned this in his testimony. It would basically eliminate--out of that $50 billion in unfunded liability, it would just about eliminate all of it, is that right?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. And I have been listening closely, you know, because you have different groups out there. The only criticism that I have heard so far is that postal employees who pay into Medicare might actually use it. That is the only criticism I have heard, that people who pay into Medicare will use it, and some people see that as a negative. But I think it is entirely fair and reasonable to expect that people who paid in $29 billion might actually use some of those benefits, so I really don't see that as a realistic criticism.    The second opportunity in this--and you have done a great job with this proposal, and I think it ought to be adopted, and we ought to move this as quickly as possible in the form of legislation, more this forward. I really do think--and I realize we can't fix everything, but just because you can't fix everything doesn't mean you shouldn't fix something. And we can help. We can help up here. With a major piece of legislation here, we can help the post office immediately. We got other problems we will have to deal with, but that is for another day.    The other thing I think that might be done quickly is, President Rolando, you mentioned the corpus of our health benefit trust fund. And right now, we are required, I believe, to hold that in treasuries, which for the past few years has been dismal in terms of what it returns, you know, to the fund. And I know part of the proposal suggests that maybe 50 percent of that fund might be managed by a commission. Could you talk about that a little bit?    Mr. Lynch. Okay.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. All right. I think we have to be careful with that, but I think that is a reasonable compromise.    Okay. I think my time has expired, and I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lynch. Would the gentleman ----    Mr. Lynch. Sure.    Mr. Boyle.--and then will yield briefly to Mr. Lynch, I would say that while that might not be the point of today, there have been numerous proposals about going to 5 days, and it has me very concerned and a number of our constituents for the reasons you described.    I will yield now to Mr. Lynch.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you. Yes. Very briefly, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the gentleman for yielding.    I know there was some implications here that the postal workers were not doing their part or that, you know, costs are creeping up and things like that. I just want to read you something. In 2011, the American Postal Workers Union, which is the largest union, and the Postal Service reached a voluntary agreement that resulted in a sea change of significant and far-reaching concessions. The 2002-2015 agreement contained wage freezes for year 1, wage freeze for year 2, and that is within a 5-year contract, followed by a 1 percent raise, a 1.5 percent raise, and a 1 percent raise cost of living, and it was deferred to the third and fourth year.    So extremely, extremely, extremely modest increase on the part of the employees, including 2 years of a wage freeze in a 5-year contract. So, you know, just people should bear that in mind. I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Just quickly, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    I just want to push back a little bit on a suggestion that was made earlier by one of my brothers across the aisle about the comparative value or the comparative performance of the United states postal system versus some of the international competition. There is a great report out by Oxford University. It is Oxford Strategic Consulting, and they measured the efficiency of the postal services in the top 20 countries, in the G-20, and the United States Postal Service came out the best, and remarkably, it is the only system in that top group that does not receive taxpayer funding. So ours is doing better than all the rest, contrary to the statement made earlier.    And remarkably, the United States Postal Service scores the highest for efficiency even as it delivers far more letters per employee, 268,894 in the last study period, than any other service in the G-20. Japan came in second, and it is less than one-third of that.    And also we have universal service, which a lot of these other countries don't have, so we deliver to every single location. And the only criticisms that the British study had was that, unlike in Siberia where their post offices actually sell groceries, ours do not. But we have grocery stores that do that.    But I just want to push on--we came out the best in the study. It was a very credible study, and ----    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Very briefly. And I think there is a wonderful opportunity there with the Postal Service and the census. We are walking those streets already, so there is a way to, I think, maximize the skills and the expertise that the Postal Service has.    I do want to push back a little bit again. You know, I cited the Oxford report that said the United States Postal Service was the best in the world, and one of my colleagues indicated his belief that--I haven't seen the study--but that we were the worst in the world. I think that the best judge of this is actually the customer, is the American citizens.    And, you know, the Pew Research Center polled Americans about their government. And I think Mr. Boyle brought this up, but the people of the United States in that poll said that the most trusted government employees in the United States today is the United States postal worker. And that is a tribute to you, Postmaster General, and also to the unions and the people who do that work every single day.    So, you know, I just want to say that they rank you, I think, 84, 84 percent. You are the highest of any government employees. Congress was also in that study, and we were around 6 percent between swine flu and the Taliban. That is where Congress came in. So ----    Mr. Lynch. Amen to that. But, you know, it is indeed ironic that we have a member of a body that has 6 percent approval criticizing the employees who have 84 percent approval rating in the eyes of our constituents.    So I will yield back. I will leave it at that. Thank you.