    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So, just to go over some of the stuff in your opening Statements, you said that you found 744 backup tapes, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Massie. And this is after we were told in these hearings by Mr. Koskinen that these tapes were unavailable.    When did you first obtain the tapes, those 744 backup tapes?    Mr. Massie. July 1st of 2014. What I find interesting is that Mr. Koskinen was here on July 9th, 2014, which would be 8 days after you found those tapes. And those tapes were in the possession of IRS employees?    Mr. Massie. Right. And those backup tapes were kept by the IRS in Martinsville, West Virginia?    Mr. Massie. Martinsburg. Sorry.    But 8 days later after you found those tapes from IRS employees--and you said you drove there to get them--I asked Mr. Koskinen, I said, ``I think you testified earlier that the backup tapes are recycled every 6 months.'' And Mr. Koskinen said, ``They are kept for 6 months, and then the tapes are put back into being recycled.'' I said, ``So the tapes are reused?'' Mr. Koskinen said, ``They are reused, yes. They are reused until they don't work.''    And so my questioning went on further with him, because I don't think it's typical practice that these tapes are reused. They're too cheap to reuse.    Do you have any indication that they were reusing those tapes?    Mr. Massie. So the tapes that you found, had they been overwritten?    Mr. Massie. And so you have tapes that cover which dates?    Mr. Massie. So those backups had not been overwritten.    Mr. Massie. And you----    Mr. Massie. And you found 32,774 unique emails on those tapes, Lois Lerner emails?    Mr. Massie. And you said you found nine tapes that were either blank or erased?    Mr. Massie. And, earlier, you testified you weren't sure whether they were blank or erased, and it was difficult or impossible to tell. Can the FBI discover--I mean, it seems to me, technically, that you could tell with some diligence, maybe not at first glance.    Mr. Massie. All right.    So, another thing I wanted to ask you about. Some of Lois Lerner's cohorts had hard drives that failed, as well, during that same period of time after the investigation started or that the IRS was put on notice that they were going to be investigated.    Do these tapes--or, could these tapes contain emails that may have been lost in the failure of those hard drives of her cohorts?    Mr. Massie. And so how many of her cohorts had hard drives that failed that you are looking for on these tapes?    Mr. Massie. And have you found any of those emails yet?    Mr. Massie. Do you think you will be able to retrieve information from the--you said you found 760, is that correct, hard drives?    Mr. Massie. That were in a server-type arrangement, a rack?    Mr. Massie. Do you think it will be possible to obtain information for those, based on your interaction with experts?    Mr. Massie. All right. Thank you.    I yield back my time.