    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Director Salerno, for joining us today. I know being here isn't probably the way you wanted to spend your Wednesday morning.    One of the things, though, that we have learned from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill is that we are not very good at getting the oil out of the water. And I want to build on what Representative Capps was talking about, because--and I know you spoke about improved technology.    But even though many people think of oil spill response as going out there with the booms and the skimmers and taking it all out of the water--and you say it has gotten better, but I have been told the estimates are that only about 3 percent of the oil released by the Macondo well was collected that way. For the rest we either had to burn it, which took care of only about 5 percent, or use millions of gallons of chemical dispersants, which don't actually remove the oil from the water, and as we all know, have their own side effects and things that we become very worried about, what is happening when those chemicals are in the water.    And it appears that our ability to physically remove oil from water is no better now than it was decades ago. And, obviously, we have all been talking about how that concerns us, and I know that you are working on it. It is a threat to all of us, and each of us is also worried about the regions that we come from.    In 2010, the largest inland oil spill that has occurred in our Nation's history occurred in Marshall, Michigan, and it resulted in 843,000 gallons polluting the Kalamazoo River. This heavy crude oil, as you know, was difficult to clean up, and although all portions of the river are finally open to the public for use, nearly 4 years after the spill we still don't fully understand the impact of what the spill has had on the ecological systems of the regions. And there are issues, as you know, and we are all talking about it.    One problem in particular that matters in the Midwest is our existing cleanup equipment, and how it will work in icy conditions, if an oil pipeline spill were ever to happen in the Great Lakes, which, God forbid, will never happen. But we keep praying these things aren't going to happen, and they do. The Coast Guard has been conducting equipment deployment tests in icy waters off the northern coast of Michigan in recent years, but those tests don't look at how well this equipment can remove oil when ice is present.    What is BSEE doing to improve our ability to respond to oil spills in icy conditions? And do we have assurances that we will be able to get more oil out of the water than we did when the Deepwater Horizon occurred? Which I know you talked a little bit about when Lois was asking you this.    Mrs. Dingell. Well, I applaud that. And, as I say, we all hope that that happens. But life doesn't tend to happen the way we want it to be. So I am glad that you are working on it, but I think the point is that we are very far away from being effective, and being able to clean up oil spills. And oil spills in icy conditions is really frightening.    And I hope, Mr. Chairman, that the committee will continue to focus on this issue as we move forward. I happen to believe we need to be doing much more, in terms of oil spill response and preparing for future incidences. One of the many proposals from the President's Oil Spill Commission that Congress has ignored so far is encouraging more private investment in oil spill response technology, through the use of public-private partnerships. And it seems that this is a model that we could make work here.    Could you please discuss the current level of private investment in oil spill response technology, and whether you think more is needed?    Mrs. Dingell. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Love the private sector.    Mr. Hice.    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will just go back.    And if you could talk more about--we just, as part of the discussion, said that we hadn't made the progress we want to, in terms of the technology. And I understand the private sector is whose technology you are using. But are they investing in research? Where is the research happening? And are we doing enough research, public or private, to improve the technology for cleanups when we need them?    Mrs. Dingell. Now, is that government doing it, or the private sector, or both?    Mrs. Dingell. And you think they are investing enough in it?    Mrs. Dingell. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Hardy.