    Ms. Jackson Lee. Objection.    Ms. Jackson Lee. The witness has been asked and she has answered.    Ms. Jackson Lee. She has answered the question.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman----    Ms. Jackson Lee . She has been asked and she has answered.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I will be happy to yield, sir.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the Chairman very much. And I do want to express my appreciation when any witness comes to share with this lawmaking body, because we should be problem solvers, so let me thank all of you.    I might say that I would join with the comments of my colleagues, that are here on this side of the aisle, and particularly my colleague from New Orleans for his pointed and very responsive questioning, but we should be doing criminal justice reform that I hope that we will do, we should be doing immigration reform, comprehensive immigration reform. And there is a point to the fact that there are cities around the Nation that may need, as you said, Mr. Horowitz, the clarification that I think your pointed inspector general's report has offered us, and I think that is a solution.    So let me first of all ask Ms. Gupta--and thank you again for your service, I don't know where we would be if we did not have the civil rights division, and I thank you so very much. Have you made any pronouncement that New Orleans or any city in the State of Louisiana at this time is not eligible for Federal grants?    Ms. Jackson Lee. You have made no public statement. Let me read very quickly into the record the genesis of the civil rights division coming to New Orleans. This was a request by Mayor Mitch Landrieu, a request of the U.S. Department of Justice to conduct an investigation. His quote is that, nothing short of complete transformation is necessary and essential to ensure safety for the citizens of New Orleans.    I believe that you are interested in the overall security and safety of all citizens or all individuals in New Orleans. That was the request made by the mayor? Is that my understanding?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And the representative of the mayor, is that my understanding?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. I understand that you were looking at the use of excessive force; unconstitutional stop, searches, and arrests; biased policing, including racial and ethnic profiling; and systemic failure to provide effective policing services and systemic failure to investigate sexual assaults and domestic violence. Do you recall that, Ms. Gupta?    Ms. Jackson Lee. You were overall dealing with the overall civil rights of that community.    So the inspector general offered three points that would help in Section 1373, the clarification, I believe, the--the requiring grant applicants to provide certification about their interaction with ICE, and then ensuring grant recipients clearly communicate to their personnel about 1373.    Do you have any opposition to that?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And would you be in compliance or intend to give some guidance to that section?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I just want to be very clear that there is no--there is no ban right now that you have offered and that you are not trying to block. Let me quickly ask this question. I would like to yield to my colleague from New Orleans. Can you tell me if the sentiment expressed by chief manager and the policy of the Major Cities Chiefs Association, in particular, people like Tom Manger, that policies like the one in New Orleans will enhance public safety? Is that something you have heard for other law enforcement agencies, Ms. Gupta?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much. I am happy to yield to my distinguished colleague from New Orleans, Mr.----    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, I have a submission. I would ask unanimous consent if I might put into the record the following documents: a statement from 11 national civil and immigrant rates--excuse me--rights organizations; statement from the National Immigration Project of the National Lawyers Guild; statement from the National Immigration Forum; statement from Church World Services; statement from 20 law professors, led by Christopher Last; a statement from 17 New Orleans-based community organizations; and a statement from the Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force. I ask unanimous consent to submit these documents into the record.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you. I thank----    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank the witnesses. I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman----    Ms. Jackson Lee. Mr. Chairman, can I ask unanimous consent for 1 minute, please?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, let me be very brief, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very. First of all, I want to make it very clear that I don't think there is one Member here who does not feel the deep pain for the families who have lost loved ones, particularly those who died in the terrible crash trying to help others during the Baton Rouge disaster and flooding. I am from Texas, and I feel for my brothers and sisters in Louisiana and I was there for them in Katrina, so my deepest sympathies.    I do want to make sure, however, General Landry, you are not asking for New Orleans to be prevented from getting Federal funds. Is that correct? You are not asking us to block New Orleans from getting Federal funds?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Right. But you are not asking----    Ms. Jackson Lee. I understand, but you are not asking for there to be a declaration for New Orleans not to receive Federal funds from the Department of Justice?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Okay. But let me ask Ms. Gupta. Is New Orleans violating Federal law?    Ms. Jackson Lee. That they are communicating with ICE and you are not blocking that, because that is what I want to make sure is happening.    Ms. Jackson Lee. And deal with criminal----    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you so very much for your service, all of you. Thank you.