    Mr. Wittman. Well thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your leadership. Chairman Thornberry, thank you. Ranking Member Courtney and Ranking Member Bordallo, we deeply appreciate all the efforts here.    Gentlemen, thank you. Thanks so much for your leadership and your distinguished service to our Nation and all of the things that you do to make sure that our Navy and our Marine Corps have the things that they need when asked to go into harm's way.    Every service branch we know today is suffering from readiness deficits and we know that those shortfalls in training and equipment have serious consequences for our warfighters.    This hearing will give us the opportunity to hear from the men and women on the ground, in the air, and on the water who deal with the devastating effects of our readiness shortfalls on a daily basis.    If Congress is to address the obstacles that successive cuts in defense spending have posed, we need a clear, unadulterated view of the challenges our forces are facing.    The testimony that you will provide today will give us an invaluable view in that regard.    We are looking into the challenges ahead and these are the ones we see as our fleets dwindle and as our sailors and their families suffer under the strain of less training and longer deployments.    In March, Vice Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Michelle Howard testified before the Readiness Subcommittee that the Navy is still paying down the readiness debt we accrued over the last decade. And to the Senate Armed Services Committee, she said that sequestration is the greatest threat to our future readiness. It has a ripple effect for us throughout the years.    Today our subcommittees would like to hear from you, our Nation's operational leaders, about maintenance, status of our equipment, the operational availability of our ships, aircraft and weapons systems and, perhaps the most importantly, the obstacles you face as you train our sailors to meet the challenges ahead.    Gentlemen I thank you for your service. As a reminder of what we all are faced with, tomorrow at the United States Naval Academy, we will commission over 1,000 new naval officers, both as ensigns in the Navy and as second lieutenants in the Marine Corps. All of us have an obligation, not only for those officers but those that enlist in the Navy and Marine Corps to make sure that we never forget what it takes to provide for them the proper training, the proper equipment that they need to, as Chairman Forbes said, to have overwhelming superiority so they can fight to victory and come home safe.    That is our unending obligation both here as elected leaders and for you as our military leaders. We all take that challenge seriously and I know, I know and am confident that we will face that challenge. Gentlemen, thank you so much for joining us, and Mr. Chairman, with that I yield back.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Chairman Forbes. I want to drill down a little bit more on Chairman Forbes' question, Captain Stearns, about aircraft.    We talked about the availability of those aircraft, but what I want to look is how we generate that availability and obviously there at Oceana you deal not only with the aircraft availability, but also with depots and we have gone from a backlog in the depots of about 11 aircraft now up to 200 aircraft. So that pipeline is a significant issue.    Throughput hasn't changed. I know that we have made a lot of plans to try to manage that, but if that capacity and throughput hasn't changed, that still creates a situation that we are dealing with that we have E-2Ds that don't have spare parts, so we are going through all of those machinations trying to figure out a way through this, you know, great recovery plans in place.    But I think as you pointed out, you know, time is the limiting factor there. But time is not only a limiting factor, but--but the throughput, the capacity there in our depots. How do we--well first of all, how does that backlog in aircraft affect operational readiness? And you pointed to that a little bit. But I want to know how--how does it affect things in the long term and what do we have to do to be able to shorten that time period?    You pointed out to it--to now it being three times as long as it would otherwise have been. How does it affect things today? Let's say a scenario where we have to push the button and it is more than just those forces forward deployed and--and I want to understand a little bit more about that--you alluded to earlier--but then what do we need to do to make sure that we are able to generate the throughput to as quickly as we can recover this lost readiness in these--availability of these aircraft?    Captain Stearns. And--thanks for the question. So there are two reasons why the depots are--are backlogged now and that is wartime utilization and also the fact of the delay in our JSF that we had planned on having here as well.    So that forced us into an extension of our A through Ds. So to put it into perspective, Navy has 35 F-18 squadrons, east, west coast, Japan. Five of those are of the older legacy aircraft, the A through Ds as well, and the other 30 are Super Hornets.    So they are in the--they are backlogged. It is--the depots were never set up to do what we call high flight hour which means essentially we are extending them past the 6-hour--8,000-hour to 10,000-hour life that they were ever expected to fly, just to meet the operational demand.    So now they are forced into a 3-year lead time just to make the parts for these kits to get in there and it is all a capacity problem. The jets coming out the back side are a great product that our civilian workforce puts out. They can only do so much because they were never set up to do that.    So that is the risk for that and right now I have four of my legacy--four of my five legacy squadrons in a FRP right now--in a cycle to be deployed or not and I have to make some of those older aircraft that are--probably don't have enough hours on. We are not going to use them for deployment anymore into that squadron so they don't have the capability as they go through there. Our goal is to get them prior to advanced phase Air Wing Fallon.    But that leads into the Super Hornet problem that we have transitioned about 10 squadrons of Super Hornets unexpectedly into our--to get out of legacy and also to meet the gap for the JSF--just to meet operational demand. So now we are taxing hours and utilization on our attrition aircraft. Those were meant for our attrition aircraft and Super Hornet. Now we are utilizing that.    So when those start going into the depot in a year and a half for normal maintenance--6,000-hour maintenance, we got to get that legacy out of the depot right now. So it is a capacity problem that is right back there so we will have even less available surge force.    It translates to less available surge force to send out the door and I am not so much worried about the A through D right now. We have got that. It is the Super Hornet coming that as Admiral Manazir testified I think in March we are chewing up about 40 hours--or 40 aircraft worth of hours a month and if we are not either buying that much or putting that much through the depot, we are falling behind.    Mr. Wittman. How does that affect the Fleet Replacement Squadron where you go to get aircraft and the flying hours that have to be accrued there to make sure our pilots have the sea time so that when they do their pre-deployment work-ups and they get to the point to go on deployment, that they have the full complement of flight hours to make sure? Because as you know experience there--if you are missing it on the front end you never can make it up on the back end. So kind of give me your perspective on that.    Captain Stearns. Exactly right. So our Fleet Replacement Squadron almost has the same priority as our deployed squadrons because if we lose a day of training we are never going to get that back so that is kind of what we call our seed corn--our investment in the naval aviation of the future. So we--if that stops, the train wreck happens behind it because the fleet doesn't have pilots to get out there.    So between the east and west coast we are behind on pilot production and WSO production to the fleet. So some of the fleet squadrons in the maintenance phase are short because we got to get those guys out the door.    So it absolutely pays the price but those squadrons are also the ones that will rob from the maintenance phase to make sure that they have what they need to keep the training going. But that is a very important part of the entire readiness train is producing new folks.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Thanks, Captain Stearns. Captain Robertson, I want to go back to you. I noticed in your bio that you had--you had served earlier in your career as a young lieutenant also on the USS Normandy. So I wanted to get your perspective.    I think you are in a unique position to give your viewpoint on where you saw that cruiser early on--early in your career but also younger in the life of the USS Normandy--and operational availability, readiness elements, at that point as of today. Give us your perspective--kind of give us a historical perspective about what you saw then, what you saw today, and the differences, good or bad, in what we need to look at going into the future.    Captain Robertson. Absolutely. Thank you for the question. It is really a night-and-day story. Returning to Normandy as a fully modernized cruiser including the Navy integrated fire control capability--just from a kinetic reach capability, it is really a night-and-day story.    The current modernized cruiser comes with not only impressive kinetic surface-to-air capability but also a huge increase in undersea warfare for hunting or searching for submarines or certainly for self-defense in a close-in fight with a gun weapons system.    There is also a big difference I noticed in the hull strengthening that comes with modernization of these cruisers. When I was previously on Normandy out for storm evasion, we wound up actually with a number of superstructure cracks just to due to known flexing points in the superstructure. I just finished an around-the-world cruise with some very significant seas and we didn't have any of those because of the modernization hull stiffening really reinforced those flex points.    So it really, truly is a night-and-day difference and just one of the point of this is, we have taken a 26-year-old ship, and through modernization, it is currently the most powerful ship that you have in our Navy right now so----    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Thank you, Captain Robertson and Kelly, thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Wittman. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Captain Odenthal, I wanted to drill down a little bit. You had made some mention earlier and with the numbers within the Naval Construction Group 2 force, but overall, you spoke about 60 percent of your force now is in the Reserve element.    But within that 60 percent, 30 percent of those are the skilled tradesmen and now being part of the Reserve unit, they take the skills that they learn in C School and now they practice those for a couple of weeks out of the year.    And on a normal demand basis, that is probably okay. But let's say we get into a situation, let's say in PACOM , where we have to surge and we have to do a lot there in spinning up or to support whatever may be going on in that theater.    The question then becomes is--where does the surge capacity come in and where does the ability for us to be able to function with that large a level of Reserve Component keep us where we need to be as far as capability and not--not necessarily from the immediate readiness element, but the ability to surge in the event of a conflict in areas like that. I would like to get your perspective on that.    Captain Odenthal. Thank you for the question. So as you mentioned, our Reserve force now with Seabees, historically we think of most of our Reserve Seabees coming from the construction industry.    Today we find ourselves in today's environment that about 30 percent of our Reserve force are actually in the construction industry. The others are in other career fields. Which means, from my side is, I have--rather than counting, assuming that experience level that comes from the civilian trades, I have to teach those skills to my Seabees that come in.    We have developed what we call the Readiness Training Platform, where we have relocated those units to Gulfport, Mississippi, Port Hueneme, California, which is our two hubs for Seabees across the fleet. From--rather than having them go to their drill sites, local drill sites, for every drill period, they come to our sites where we have the equipment, the tools, the instructors to teach those skills and to work with them.    That has been successful, but it is somewhat limited again because of the time and the contact time we have as well.    What happens--and we talk about mobilization of those forces--anything that I can't do in that regular pre-mobilization training period falls into the post-mobilization period    So we add those classes, we factor in that timeline to prepare them to go, whether it's that conflict or others, to make sure that we have that. We will not field those Seabees, one, if they are not prepared for combat, and two, if they are not proficient in their mission to be able to perform that. We won't put them forward. But it does add--adds time to our post-mobilization training for those Reserves and able to get them out to the fleet as an effective member of the force.    Mr. Wittman. Let me ask a couple questions about the budget. In light of sequestration, the budget cuts there, I know the Navy has transitioned to having contract work for naval facilities. So the question then becomes, again, what happens in a surge scenario, what happens with being able to generate consistent readiness.    On top of that, too, now with OCO being a larger element of the budget and, again, trying to generate readiness within the OCO element, give me your perspective both previously and where we are with sequester and that has kind of--fanned out a little bit now, but it is coming back again.    But also in how you generate readiness in that realm of contracting out a fair amount of work and then how does OCO, in those dollars, affect you in your needs going forward with what you have to generate within that current budget realm?    Captain Odenthal. Right. Thank you. So across any COCOM, currently 22 percent of this year's budget is funded by OCO. We are heavily leveraged in OCO. Last year it was 47 percent. So moving in the right direction overall funding.    With the forces I have deployed today, those 200 reservists I have, are all funded by OCO and that is how we get them forward and use them to meet those demands from the COCOMs. The, as far as construction, we, and work that is contracted, the forward piece, we take on those missions, we have got our units fully employed forward as well. In homeport our normal, our first choice, for training for construction is to pick up projects from the Navy, smaller projects that our units can employ, whether it is on the base in Gulfport, across the Southeast/East region, or even up to Norfolk where I put troops to build extensions to the galley, and those sort of things.    So we try to leverage other people's money, other pieces of the budget to--one, to, one, to support the maintenance backlog across the Navy, but then also to get that training as best we can for our Seabees.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.