    Ms. Castor. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Good morning, Mr. Secretary.    I would like you to elaborate a little bit more on the transmission, storage, and distribution, beyond what you have already testified to, because America's energy infrastructure is aging, it is not well-matched with the new sources of supply, it is exposed to increasingly dangerous extreme weather events associated with climate change, such as sea level rise. In my neck of the woods, we are concerned about more intense electrical storms, and then drought and wildfires. And I know you are sensitive to the potential for cyber and physical attacks as well. And part of America's policy right now is to encourage these new clean energy supplies, and greater energy efficiency such as the availability of rooftop solar that holds great promise for powering households and businesses across the country, and our growing energy efficiency sector that will rely on smart meters, a smart grid distributed generation, but these run completely counter to the traditional electric utility model. Now, you have testified already today about, well, energy assurance grants for states. Maybe you need to go into greater detail on the micro grids. I have never heard of a synchrophasor. What else really must we be looking for to modernize America's grid and infrastructure going forward?    Ms. Castor. OK.    Ms. Castor. And back on your energy assurance grants, would they be open only to states, or would local communities and businesses be able to tap into those grants?    Ms. Castor. I would hope you would open it up to local collaboratives or regional collaboratives. Sometimes you have recalcitrant states--there is an unwritten state policy in Florida right now, you can't even say climate change, so that doesn't bode well for our ability to compete for those grants. And I have----    Ms. Castor. Great.    Ms. Castor. Absolutely. There has been some discussion today about exports of oil and gas. You have used a number today, how much right now is America importing in petroleum and gas?    Ms. Castor. OK.    Ms. Castor. Doesn't the export heavy focus run counter to America's policy imperative to reduce carbon pollution?    Ms. Castor. So you do not think that exporting additional carbon fuels would exacerbate the problem of carbon pollution----    Ms. Castor . Across----