    Ms. Duong. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Chairman and distinguished Members of Congress. My name is Katie Duong Skiba and it is my honor to be here today to present about my religion, Cao Dai, which is a very small religion founded in Vietnam in 1926.    Now, we Cao Dai people call for unity, love, peace and respect for all other faiths and we have our own faith, rituals, and traditions. However, the Communists--the Vietnamese Communist Government has been trying to change everything.    And my presentation today will have three parts--government takeover, ongoing persecutions, and request for support.    So the government took over our main temple after 1975 and disbanded all the leadership's organization and they basically told us to go home. And after that they confiscated our main temple and all other temples, and after a while they appointed their people--the Communist people--to control the temple and the whole Cao Dai Religion.    They changed our rituals and they forced all of us to obey their disciplines, which we do not agree, and because of that we have been facing a lot of ongoing persecutions. And then I would like to show you a few pictures of the recent.    So since 1975, we have been facing, you know, government takeover and we have been trying so hard to get together and tell the government that we need religious freedom--give us the right--give us back the temple.    This happened in May last year when almost 1,000 people went back to the temple asking them to let us hold a meeting to elect our own leaders instead of them forcing the Communist leader on us.    And they basically banned us from approaching the temple, and I can show you a lot of people who could not get into the premises. And it's kind of dark but you can see the man was arrested and these women have paint on their ao dai, which is the traditional dress that the Cao Dai people wear.    So these are things that happened and at a funeral if we don't let the Communist Cao Dai come to host the ceremony they will attack us. And you see that this is the funeral--the ceremony that we had and, you know, got destroyed, basically.    And this is the Divine Eye installation which is a very important ceremony that people have--religion have to install that at their house. You see the first picture there's a picture of the Divine Eye.    But the second picture of the Divine Eye portrait was taken away by those people. That is a very insulting action and they basically came in and we closed the door and they tried to get in. They attacked us and this has been, like, ongoing.    It is not one incident. It has been going on and on and on. We got hurt. People got imprisoned and vandalism and people got arrested in the van or truck.    Do you see that? In the last picture on the bottom right corner, people was arrested to the government offices just because we are practicing our religion.    And these documents show that these people could not get out of the country because they are trying to go to Thailand to attend their Asian Religious Freedom Forum.    So we have all different kinds of persecutions and ongoing violations for religious freedom. A personal example would be my family and my father.    He was arrested and put into jail when I was 15 and my younger sister was only 10. My mother had to take care of the whole family of four children by herself and with a lot of difficulty financially caused by the government.    And then after getting out of prison, my father continued to fight for religious freedoms and then--and they continued to harass him. In 2008, they tried to arrest him again to put him in jail.    But, luckily, he was not at home and they have been trying to arrest him since then, and recently they have been given threats again. So my father has to, you know, get out of the country. As a U.S. citizen I have sponsored my father and my mother to come with me to the United States.    My mom could come with me but my father, unfortunately, the Vietnamese Government refused to give him a passport or any documentation to go through the visa process.    My last section will be our request for support. If possible, we would love to remain independent from the government control.    We don't want any interference from the government and we want to reserve our culture the unique way that we practice our religions. In order to do so we have to have freedom of, you know, movement, freedom of assembly, association, freedom of speech, and information.    We want the Vietnamese Government to respect human rights, especially religious freedom rights that they have signed for the universal agreement with the United Nations.    And with the growing bilateral development connection between the U.S. Government and the Vietnamese Government, the U.S. Government has solid ground to remind the Vietnamese Government to respect that and that is a value that the U.S. has been living on. So we look forward to that and I appreciate your time.    I appreciate your concern and we, the Cao Dai people, really need and appreciate it.    Thank you.    Ms. Duong. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.