    Mr. Camus. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the full committee, I've been requested to come here today to provide an update on my agency's efforts thus far in attempting to recover the missing emails of former IRS employee Lois Lerner.    On June 13, 2014, in a letter to the Senate Finance Committee, the IRS reported that, as it was completing its document production for Congress concerning allegations that the IRS targeted certain 501(c)(4) applicants, the IRS realized that the production of the emails of Lois Lerner, the former Director of IRS Exempt Organizations Division, had gaps in the email production.    The IRS reported that, in its attempt to find missing emails, they realized that in June 2011 Ms. Lerner's IRS laptop computer suffered a hard-drive crash, and, therefore, some of her emails could not be recovered.    The following Monday, on June 16, 2014, TIGTA initiated an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the missing emails and the hard-drive crash.    One week later, on June 23, 2014, TIGTA received a letter from then-Chairman Ron Wyden and then-Ranking Member Orrin Hatch of the Senate Finance Committee that requested TIGTA to formally investigate the matter, including to, ``perform its own analysis of whether any data can be salvaged and produced to the Committee.''    The circumstances surrounding the loss of data, the hard-drive crash, and the manner in which IRS handled its electronic media are still under investigation. However, we have periodically updated certain committees of Congress, including this committee, concerning our progress in recovering emails. But we have not discussed the investigation itself.    There are two parts of our mission here. One part is attempting to recover the emails, and the second part is to investigate the circumstances surrounding the missing email.    Until the investigation is completed, the facts and circumstances as we understand them can and have changed on a daily basis. To avoid speculating and reaching conclusions that later turn out to be false, as investigators, we avoid drawing any conclusions until all of the facts are in. I owe it to the American people to ensure that we continue to thoroughly and impartially investigate this matter, gathering all of the facts and evidence in order to get to the truth.    That said, at this time, I cannot provide any information on the investigation surrounding the IRS's loss of the data and hard-drive crash, as that could negatively impact our ability to complete the investigation as well as raise questions into the integrity of our investigative process. But, at this time, I will provide a progress report on our efforts to recover missing emails.    The IRS manages its email for its 91,000 employees by routing the email through Microsoft Exchange Servers that are backed up periodically using backup tapes. These Microsoft Exchange Servers, also referred to as email servers, are comprised of hundreds of hard drives that are placed into server racks.    Up until May 2011, the email server that handled Lois Lerner's email traffic was located in New Carrollton, Maryland, Federal Building. During 2011, the IRS migrated from the email server at New Carrollton to a new email server located at the IRS's Martinsburg, West Virginia, Computing Center.    After the IRS migrated its email system to Martinsburg, the IRS turned off the email server at New Carrollton. However, the server was left in place, possibly as a precautionary measure should the new email servers at Martinsburg fail. IRS employees reported that the New Carrollton email server hard drives were later removed from the server, erased, and destroyed.    On June 30, 2014, TIGTA demanded that the IRS provide all backup tapes used to back up Ms. Lerner's IRS email account--specifically, all backup tapes used for emails during the time period of January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2011. These date ranges were selected to ensure that we obtained any overlap emails or accounted for midyear equipment changes.    As a result of this demand, on July 1, 2014, the IRS identified the 744 backup tapes that met this criterion, and TIGTA took possession of all of the identified 744 backup tapes.    With regard to 9 of the 744 backup tapes, based on how they were configured in the backup machine, the IRS was unable to determine the dates they were used. Because of this, IRS technicians believed it was possible that these nine tapes had been untouched for years and, thus, could contain clear data relevant to the investigation.    Because TIGTA did not have the unique and necessary hardware, these nine tapes were provided to the Federal Bureau of Investigation in order to determine if the tapes contained any data and, if they did, to retrieve it. After the FBI analyzed the nine tapes and validated their equipment by reviewing other random backup tapes, they reported their equipment was functioning properly and they reported the nine tapes were, in fact, blank.    TIGTA then provided those same nine tapes to a recognized industry leader on electronic data recovery, and they confirmed the nine tapes were, in fact, blank.    After confirming these initial 9 tapes were blank and fearing that the remaining 735 tapes were overwritten, TIGTA interviewed the IRS email expert and identified the specific backup tapes that would have contained the earliest copies of Lois Lerner's email box.    The backup tapes consisted of five sets of tapes. These five backup sets were created sequential weeks from November 20, 2012, through December 25 of 2012. The five backup sets were expected to produce a total of five separate copies of Lois Lerner's email boxes or one copy for each week of the backup.    We hand-carried three of the five sets of these backup tapes to the industry expert for data recovery and extraction, and, after their examination and extraction of data, they provided TIGTA with the Exchange data base files from this set of tapes.    On November 13 of 2014, TIGTA searched the data base files and identified the first Lois Lerner email box. This email box contained Lois Lerner emails that date back as far as 2001. The result of this effort validated that the tapes have not been overwritten, and they contained emails that are relevant to the requested time-range search for emails.    TIGTA then processed the remaining five backup sets for a--the relevant requested--I'm sorry. TIGTA then processed the remaining sets of backup tapes in the same manner, later finding that each of the five backup sets contained one Lois Lerner email box, for a total of five email boxes, exactly as expected.    At the conclusion of this process, TIGTA identified 79,840 Lois Lerner emails, of which almost 60 percent were duplicates. Removing the duplicates resulted in 32,774 Lois Lerner unique emails.    It is critically important to note that these 32,774 emails need to be compared with the emails and documents the IRS has already produced to Congress in order to determine if there are any newly identified emails. Currently, we are finalizing the procurement of the software to accomplish this match.    As I noted earlier in my testimony, the IRS email system routes email messages through email servers that are comprised of hundreds of hard drives. I just completed my testimony about the status of our examination of the backup tapes associated with the email system, and now I want to discuss the status of the hard drives that were in the email server in May 2011, 1 month prior to when Lois Lerner's laptop hard drive crashed.    On July 11 of 2014, TIGTA discovered that the hard drives from the decommissioned New Carrollton email server were not destroyed as previously reported by the IRS. On the same day, TIGTA secured the 760 hard drives that are believed to be part of the old New Carrollton email server.    TIGTA conducted a preliminary examination of the limited selection of hard drives, and we determined that, based on the information that could be seen from these hard drives, these drives are more than likely the email server drives that processed Lois Lerner's emails in 2011 and prior.    It is important to note that the email servers process and keep copies of email traffic on hundreds of drives that are specifically positioned in server racks. The IRS did not retain a copy of the layout indicating where each of the specific hard drives was positioned in the racks. Without understanding the exact order in which the hard drives were placed in the server racks, finding any complete and relevant emails would be very difficult and labor-intensive, if not impossible. In addition, if any of the hard drives are damaged, it could potentially be impossible to recover any useable emails.    We recently determined that we were unable to do anything further with the hard drives, and we have initiated the process to contract for an initial feasibility analysis of the 760 hard drives by a recognized industry expert in electronic data recovery.    Less than 2 weeks ago, we also learned that there may have been backup tapes older than the original 744 backup tapes we obtained in July 2014. We have taken possession of an additional 424 tapes, and we are in the early stages of understanding if they have been erased and if any of these older tapes contain emails or data of interest to the investigation.    In summary, to date, we have found 32,774 unique emails that were backed up from Lois Lerner's email box. We are in the process of comparing these emails to what the IRS has already produced to Congress to determine if we did, in fact, recover any new emails. We also are in the process of having the email server hard drives analyzed to determine if there are any readable emails that can be recovered from these hard drives. And, finally, we are continuing to determine if there are any other sources that may contain Lois Lerner emails.    As I noted earlier, this is an ongoing investigation, and I have provided the information that I believe will not hinder our ability to continue our investigation, while simultaneously providing the Congress with the progress on the email search.    Thank you.    Mr. Camus. We started the process when we opened the investigation. We obtained the backup tapes June 30. And by November 13, I believe it was, was the first time we saw Lois Lerner emails.    Mr. Camus. Literally about 2 weeks.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. They cooperated and answered our questions fully.    Mr. Camus. No.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. Well, we believe there may be additional tapes that we just learned of 2 weeks ago.    Mr. Camus. The entire matter continues to be under active investigation, yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. I believe that's--that's correct.    Mr. Camus. That is right.    Mr. Camus. We're looking at two populations of tapes. So there was some confusion for them. When we asked for the initial set of tapes with the date ranges, they provided the 744 tapes. We believe those were the tapes. We found a new population of tapes literally 2 weeks ago. We believe those were the 2011 tapes.    Mr. Camus. We recovered quite a number of emails, but until we compare those to what's already been produced, we don't know if they're new emails.    Mr. Camus. Mr. Mica, I don't know what they knew and when they knew it. The only thing I know is that, as our investigators followed the trail, we were able to determine a number of emails. We have yet to compare them to what's already been produced.    Mr. Camus. June in 2014, yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. They've been provided this similar information to what----    Mr. Camus. It would appear so.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. No, sir. We still have to match----    Mr. Camus. Well, we're hoping to get the software at any time. Once we do that, we don't anticipate more than a week for the match to occur.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. The tapes vary in size due to how much is compacted on them, so it's very difficult to tell. One of the first things we have to determine about the new population of tapes is if they, in fact, have been erased. So it may be possible to----    Mr. Camus. There were some blank tapes in the initial batch.    Mr. Camus. That is impossible to determine.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. We just started the process, and we're trying to understand if there's any--if they--if there's any data on them at all. There are 424 of them, and we're going to start with sample sizes.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. 744.    Mr. Camus. It is possible.    Mr. Camus. It's important to note that the total number of emails, 39,744, again, that some of them could have already been produced----    Mr. Camus . And that some of them are earlier than the timeframe in question.    Mr. Camus. Yes, ma'am. It went from 80,000 to 32,000 because we removed duplicates.    The five email sets that we have were backups, 1 week after the other. So there was a high number of--60 percent of them were duplicates of each other. So if you took the 80,000 total and you took out the 60 percent that were duplicates, that give us the subset.    Mr. Camus. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. That is a step in the process that we have yet to take, but we plan on taking it as soon as we can get the available software.    Mr. Camus. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. We are going to do it as soon as we can get our hands on the software.    Mr. Camus. We've been anxiously waiting. We ordered the software in December, and we're in negotiations with the vendor to obtain it.    Mr. Camus. We're hoping it will only--it will take a week.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. There seems to be a dispute with the vendor over certain licensing rights, rights to come in and review how the software is being used, which would mean they could come in and look at the material that we're matching, and that's not acceptable to the Federal Government. So there are those types of negotiations going on right now between our procurement officers and the vendor.    But this is a renowned company that has the software that we need to do the job. It's used forensically. And it's just very unfortunate, in this particular moment, on this particular case, that we're running into this problem at this time.    Mr. Camus. The same--the same time as everybody else.    Mr. Camus. Yes, I did.    Mr. Camus. We asked for them on June 30, and we had them by July 1.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. We asked for them, and we demanded them.    Mr. Camus. Well, we identified the IRS experts that would know where the tapes are. We interviewed them, and we obtained them.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. No.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. That's right.    Mr. Camus. No. Two weeks ago, we recovered an additional 424 tapes.    Mr. Camus. As we were following up on our initial interviews, we realized that we were missing a document. When we obtained that document and reviewed it, we realized that they were an additional population of tapes that had been unaccounted for.    Mr. Camus. It was an IRS document.    Mr. Camus. ``Withholding the document,'' I can't characterize that at the time because that's still under investigation.    Mr. Camus. That would be accurate.    Mr. Camus. Just following up, as we are--as we're coming down to the conclusion of our investigation, we make sure we have all the documents. So when we determined that we were short one document, we went and demanded it, and we obtained it. Then we were able to notice that there were a population of tapes that had never been disclosed.    Mr. Camus. They were also in Martinsburg.    Mr. Camus. Yes, we did.    Mr. Camus. We did.    Mr. Camus. There is potential criminal activity.    Mr. Camus. Thank you, sir.    Generally, we don't discuss ongoing investigations. This particular matter and this particular case is of such interest to so many parties, we're trying to limit our discussion to----    Mr. Camus. That's correct. We'll----    Mr. Camus . Have to conclude our investigation.    Mr. Camus. It's possible.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir, we are.    Mr. Camus. That's a DOJ investigation. I can't comment on their behalf.    Mr. Camus. I'm not aware of that, sir.    Mr. Camus. I'm not aware of the specifics.    Mr. Camus. I'm not aware of that Statement, sir.    Mr. Camus. I do not.    Mr. Camus. It is.    Mr. Camus. It is.    Mr. Camus. Yes, there could be. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. No.    Mr. Camus. No, you cannot.    Mr. Camus. You cannot.    Mr. Camus. I believe the date that you cite for the computer crash is accurate.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. July 1st, 2014.    Mr. Camus. Yes. They were the backup tapes that were in use.    Mr. Camus. Martinsburg, West Virginia.    Mr. Camus. Yes. I believe they were reusing the tapes.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. The tapes that we recovered had been overwritten. However, by obtaining them and looking at them ourselves, we were able to find a backup as far back as November 2012. And that backup contained emails that went all the way back to 2001.    Mr. Camus. That is correct. There was information on that tape that had not been overwritten that allowed us to see email as far back as 2001.    Mr. Camus. Now, a distinct--go ahead.    Mr. Camus. That are unique to Lois Lerner. But what we have yet to determine is if the IRS ever had possession of those and if they, in fact, turned them over to Congress.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. Well, we were informed by two parties--one, the FBI, and then the other is a private expert on data recovery--that the tapes, when they examined them, were blank. So whether or not they were erased and when they were erased, they weren't able to determine that based on their forensic expertise. That's why we sent them to two separate places.    Mr. Camus. Yes. We're also looking into those, as well.    Mr. Camus. I believe it ended up being a total of five individuals.    Mr. Camus. We're still in the process of looking. And those individuals were scattered in different places, so their emails were managed out of different email servers.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. It's too early to tell. If the drives are damaged beyond repair, it will be almost impossible to obtain meaningful email off of those.    Mr. Camus. Yes, ma'am. We have not produced any emails to any committee yet until we're finished with the match.    Mr. Camus. Yes, to the degree the Committee can receive them, some may need to be redacted----    Mr. Camus . To take out the 6103 protected information.    Mr. Camus. So we're hopeful that, as soon as we get our hands on the software and are able to put the match together, we are probably a week or two away. And then the other factors that could play into when we're finished with our investigation and are able to issue a report with findings----    Mr. Camus. We're prepared to draft a final report when all the evidence is in, probably within a week or two.    Mr. Camus. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. To answer your question, Mr. Cummings, without compromising the investigation----    Mr. Camus . When we started our search for missing emails, we were going to leave no stone unturned and we were not going to take an obvious answer. So we were going to find and prove for ourselves whether or not email had been overwritten.    We approached the Internal Revenue Service, and we said, we need all backup tapes that would have been in place between 2008 and 2011 for Ms. Lerner. They provided the 744 tapes. We believed that we were working with the tapes that were in play and had allegedly been overwritten.    After we starting analyzing those tapes and we started seeing email that went all the way back to 2001, we believed that we had found old tapes that had been in place since 2011 in the server. Only until 2 weeks ago were we told and did we find through our investigative efforts----    Mr. Camus. Naturally, that's probably the most important part that is left for us to investigate at this point, is to determine how and why all that happened and if there was any ill intent behind any of that.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. At this point, I don't want to make any conclusions. I believe that some tapes were erased, but I don't have--I'm not to the point in my investigation where I can explain that without jeopardizing my ability to----    Mr. Camus . Figure out if it was done on purpose.    Mr. Camus. We were looking into a total of possibly up to seven.    Mr. Camus. Yes. We're trying to account for every single email for every one of the individuals that would have been considered a custodian.    Mr. Camus. We're still in the process, sir.    Mr. Camus. We're trained investigators, and we don't assume----    Mr. Camus. Oh, we didn't assume anything, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. I could certainly see how somebody could draw that conclusion.    Mr. Camus. As an investigator, I would have to lay against and literally look at everything that's been said and put in record and then compare it to what I know as of today and, also, hopefully, complete my investigation. I would probably know much better when I'm finished.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. I would agree that----    Mr. Camus. I would agree with you. Very coincidental.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. Mr. Cummings, I----    Mr. Camus. While the audit staff was looking into the audit and finishing up their audit work, they believed that somebody had said that there was a directive email causing the selection of those applications for improper treatment. They didn't know who sent the email; they had just heard a rumor that such an email existed.    So they brought it to my office, and they asked if we would open an investigation, at which point I declined to do so because I believed the audit of the process was the appropriate treatment stream, and I had no reason to believe that there had been any criminal activity.    But I agreed to take a quick look at some of the emails of the individuals involved in pulling the applications to do a test to see if we found anything that jumped out at us that would indicate there was, in fact, criminal activity. So it was a very small sample, five individuals who were key to the whole situation. And we used keyword search terms that were provided from our audit staff.    After we pulled the emails and we searched them with those keyword search terms, we determined that, based on all the traffic that we had seen from that limited sample, that there was nothing that rose to the level for our office to open a criminal investigation at that time.    And that's why the email was drafted. It was in response to that, is there a, smoking-gun email out there that would indicate that there was any type of focus? It was not a full investigation, and we did look at a very minor sample.    And that last sentence, that it's an important nuance, that was to share with the staff that, based on our quick peek of the emails that we were looking at, again, using a limited number of individuals and search terms, that there was no indication at that time, looking at that sample, that there was any indication of political motivation in that activity.acceptable outside of Washington, DC. It's very, very frustrating.    Mr. Camus, you seized the tapes July 1, 2014. Later that month, you submitted an affidavit for a case in the district court of the District of Columbia. It was the True the Vote case, and part of the issue was the production of these emails and the backup tapes.    Do you recall working with the Department of Justice on that?    Mr. Camus. I do.    Mr. Camus. That sounds accurate.    Mr. Camus. That is correct.    Mr. Camus. They asked us about the status of our efforts to recover email. I think it was a FOIA litigation, and so any emails that we uncovered would be pertinent to FOIA. So they asked for us to give them a status on did we find new emails and, if not, when we would have them from our search.    Mr. Camus. I can't recall at that point if we knew. I don't think we saw any emails until November. So, in July, I don't believe I was aware that we were going to be able to actually see any emails.    Mr. Camus. We knew that we had the--when we went to the IRS and we asked for the backup tapes, I knew that they had provided 744 of the backup tapes.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. No, sir.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir. By letter from Senate Finance Committee, they specifically asked us to recover any emails that we possibly could.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. Yes. What we found were--and it's important to note that what we found were a population of emails that were relevant to the investigation, but we have yet to determine, until we do the match, whether or not it's new email.    Mr. Camus. We believe we did find some unique emails, but we won't----    Mr. Camus. We won't know that until----    Mr. Camus. The 744 tapes that we initially obtained on July 1 were in the backup system of the IRS Microsoft Exchange Server. So they were right where you would expect them to be.    Mr. Camus. And when we demanded them to fit that period, that's what was supplied to us. Only until 2 weeks later do we find out--or only until 2 weeks ago do we find out that probably the tapes that we are actually looking for we were never told about, if that makes sense.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. Yes, it was.    Mr. Camus. Yes, I think the gentlelady asked earlier the date that her hard drive actually crashed. We believe it was June 11, 2011. It was reported on June 13, 2011, to the IT department.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. Yes, I can't comment on that right now, but we will probably take a look to see if that particular type of machinery, you know, the type of hard drives that they were, were susceptible to multiple crashes. But there were individuals that were in Ms. Lerner's business unit and that were involved in this case that had suffered hard-drive crashes about the same time.    Mr. Camus. We are paid to ask good questions, sir.    Mr. Camus. What I know is what I've seen in documents that were provided, and, also, the other half of the equation that I know is what we were told when we attempted to recover the emails.    Mr. Camus. The only thing I could--that I could say is what we did was we didn't make any assumptions. We went and we questioned people who would have the material, and we ran it to the ground ourselves.    Mr. Camus. I don't know that. But we are continuing investigating that.    Mr. Camus. He could possibly believe that to be accurate, because they may not have looked as hard as we did.    Mr. Camus. I don't know why he would make that Statement. But I can tell you that, when we started our search, we asked the people that we were interviewing if anybody else had asked them to do the same type of the search that we had, and they said no.    Mr. Camus. So far, we haven't seen that, but we're not finished with our investigation yet, sir.    Mr. Camus. I don't know that at this time, sir.    Mr. Camus. There could be emails that we uncover that do indicate that type of behavior, but until we get to the point where we find unique emails, it's hard to speculate.    Mr. Camus. As we're not complete with our investigation yet, I can't draw a conclusion that anything has been withheld from us.    Mr. Camus. That is correct. And we will include that in our investigation.    Mr. Camus. We've included them in our investigation.    Mr. Camus. I do not know that, sir.