    Mr. Burgess. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for the bills that we have got under consideration today. They are certainly worthy of discussion and certainly provide, I hope, some commonsense relief to people who are having difficulty with the agencies in trying to deliver care for their patients.    I am a cosponsor of H.R. 556, which is to prevent interruptions in physical therapy. This does seem like a commonsense approach to allow physical therapists providing outpatient physical therapy services to use specified locum tenens arrangements.    I have a constituent who wrote me, and this was a quote, ``I am a contract therapist, and this bill directly affects my business and the therapists for whom I work. One private practice owner asked me 5 months in advance to cover her vacation. Although I am fully credentialed with Medicare, I have to submit paperwork to the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services for reassignment of benefits to the clinic. By the time of the vacation, the paperwork was still not finalized.    In lieu of denying the patient's care for the week, the business owner opted to have me proceed with providing the care her patients needed. I worked an entire week and she was not able to bill Medicare for the services I provided during that time. A significant loss of revenue for what is, after all, a small business.''    So Mrs. Norby, for the record, can you explain why physical therapists weren't included in the first place? And why can't the payer, the agency, Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services, just simply pay the physical therapists through regulation?    Mr. Burgess. So it requires an act of Congress. Well, Mr. Chairman, I am grateful that we are stepping up to that challenge. Not that there aren't other challenges out there, but this is one that needs to be fixed.    The face-to-face issue, man, oh, man, I have got a situation similar to what we just heard from Dr. Schrader, but we all agree it is important to combat fraud, we want to ensure patients are getting the care from the physician that was ordered. But then to deny them the care or delay it because the contractor, not anyone else in the equation, but a contractor, determined that the physician didn't do enough to meet the requirement; of course that burdens the doctor, of course it burdens the person who is the provider of the home health service, and I guess the main thing is it really does hurt the patient.    Now, again, my question is going to be very similar to Dr. Schrader's, but in the answer to his question, you said that sometimes handwriting was hard to read. I am a physician, guilty as charged, but everybody has electronic health records now, so why is handwriting even an issue any longer?    Mr. Burgess. So with all of these billions of dollars we paid for electronic health records, we are now disrupting every private practice across the country with ICD-10 starting today, the system still doesn't work?    Mr. Burgess. Let me just share with you, I asked a provider back home, Do you have any thoughts on this? And her quote to me is, ``This policy, as implemented, has cost my business almost $1 million. I have no issue with the requirement for a physician to visit in 99 percent of the cases, and there are great and respectable physicians across the country. Not all the time do they have time to hand documents over and over and over again for Medicare contractor employees, who, themselves, have little or no medical expertise to determine whether they have adequately described, according to very loosely fitting terms.''    And I suspect this is something that people all over the country are encountering. Mr. Chairman, I hope today we are finally going to get that fixed. I will yield back the balance of my time.