    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    And as the new member of this subcommittee, the guy who is sitting here at the very end of the row, I would like to thank the chairwoman for the opportunity to work on this very important committee.    And to the witnesses, as I read your bios, it is impressive. And it makes us grateful that we have got individuals like you, who are engaged in what I think is obviously a very important cause. And many of you committed your entire lives to these types of efforts. And we thank you for that.    I would like to express a concern. I may ask for your response, and then I would like to ask a question. But before I do that, my concern is this, as a former military officer, as an Air Force pilot for 14 years, it concerns me the role that the military has been asked to play in this. And when I talk with some of my associates who are members of the military still, it makes me more concerned. They were, in some cases, deployed without the training that they felt that was necessary, without some of the protections that they felt was necessary, and that makes me--again, gives me some cause.    It is kind of like we have this attitude--and I don't blame us for this, and it is a compliment to the military that that is a fact--but it is like we sometimes throw our hands in the air and go, Well, I don't really know what to do, let's call the military and let them take care of it. And many times we do, and when we do that, they always do take care of it. I mean, we are grateful for their abilities and their sacrifices, but we have to remember that it doesn't come without a cost.    For every military member that is in West Africa, that is a military member and another dollar spent that could have been spent or used in their core mission. And I think this falls outside of that.    I would ask you to respond to that, but I think you have in some part already. And I would really actually like to spend my time on something else. And that is, I am an appropriator. As an appropriator, we are interested in the money. And it seems, in this case, we did something that Congress often does. And that is, when a crisis arrives, we throw a bunch of money at it. And then, you know, we hope that things go well. And sometimes we don't follow up or hold accountability toward that money like we should. And I don't think we want to do that in this case.    So my question is, as I understand it, the State Department and USAID, the Ebola Response Preparedness Fund was appropriated something like $2.6 billion, of which we have only spent a part of it and probably a very small part of it. So I would like you to tell us, you know, what is in the remaining funds? And what is our intentions with those, you know, something more than a billion dollars that is left unspent?    Ambassador Browning. Our plan is to make sure that we have addressed the need with the money available, and when that has reached its conclusion, the money returns.    Mr. Stewart. Mr. Browning, do you have an accounting of that? Do we know how much has been spent of those appropriated funds, even a ballpark figure?    Ambassador Browning. I think we do--I don't, but the panel does.    Mr. Stewart. But you would anticipate that we would finish the job before we spend all the money because this is winding down. Is that not true?    Mr. Stewart. Okay. My time is up. Let me conclude with this. You know, I am familiar with the use-it-or-lose-it mentality, as we all are, but I am asking you not to take that approach to this. We want to accomplish this goal and this mission. We all do. But, on the other hand, the fact that we have this pool of money there does not mean that every penny has to be spent. And we would look to you for accountability as to how that money is spent and returning to the people what money is not necessary.    Mr. Stewart. Madam Chairwoman, thank you.    And, Mr. Secretary, thank you, sir. Thank you for your many, many years of service. Thank you for your patience today as we have had votes and other responsibilities. And though you and I might see the world differently in some respects and politically we may not agree on everything, I do respect the leadership that you are providing in the administration now.    In framing my question, I would like to tell you that I spent 14 years as an Air Force pilot, as a military officer. During that time, I was the pilot rep for the implementation of START treaty with the former Soviet Union. It was a great experience. I learned a lot.    One of the things I learned from my military experience in general from that experience with the START treaty and, frankly, from some of my experience here in Congress is that for a treaty or an agreement to work there has to be a modicum of trust between the two parties. They may be adversaries, they may not like each other, but both of them must want the treaty to be successful and, again, for there to be some element to trust.    And to return to a topic that we have discussed here, but I would like to pursue it in a slightly different way, I am not sure that we have that trust with Iran. And let me explain what I mean by that. Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism. They have been recognized as such for more than 30 years, Hezbollah, Hamas. The list of them working against our interest is very long.    And so I would ask, to you, sir, two questions. I could go on for quite a long time telling you what you already know, that they have been and, I think, view us as an enemy in many regards, perhaps in most regards. They have a long list of working against our interests. Can you give me a single example of where they have worked with us as a partner or with any of our allies in a constructive way?    And the second question would be, how do we reconcile the damage that I believe this has done with our primary partner in the area, and that would be our friend of Israel, and their suspicions of these negotiations and whether we protect their interest as well?    Mr. Stewart. I have got to tell you, flying jets was a lot more fun than what I do now.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for your time. I have some questions, and it is dealing with many--like many of us, on the sanctions. I am going to come to that in a moment.    I have to reinforce what our full committee chairman said about some of his comments and your comments on carbon and his concerns there.    Just very quickly, I will say that someone in the administration is going to have to go to 40 million children in India and China and tell them they will never have health care, they will never have a job, and they will never have an education, because you don't have those things without some source of energy.    And those countries can't build nuclear power plants. They don't have hydro resources. And it concerns me that they would view us as fairly arrogant in taking that position and denying those things when it is beyond their ability to provide them for themselves.    But putting that aside, coming to the Iranian nuclear program and the negotiations there--and I appreciate your comments on this so far--I want to tell you a little bit about my background. I was an Air Force officer and pilot for 14 years, and I had this great honor of working with the START II and START III implementation with the former Soviet Union, as the pilot rep.    Now, I had a very, very small picture of that. I was just a captain at the time, hardly a person of influence, but I did see how that agreement was implemented. And I learned from that, as I have written in editorials in the last few weeks, that if a nation wants to cheat on an agreement, they can.    They can find a way around that, which brings us to the point of you having an extraordinarily powerful and influential position--you and your organization--in our national security, which I don't think many people would recognize, you know, the Department of Treasury and national security, how closely they are tied in this situation.    So let me ask you this. And I want to go through a couple of questions very quickly--because I think you and I will agree on this--and that is, the difficulty of organizing our sanction partners and to come to an agreement to have the current sanctions imposed, would you agree that that was a significant effort, that it took, a degree of political capital, it took quite a long time and that it was a fragile process?    Mr. Stewart. And I get that. And I do. And I appreciate that this was a large and an intense effort to come to this degree of success. That these sanctions are fragile, I think we would agree with that.    But in light of that--this is my fear, the good news and bad news. The good news is we got to this point. The bad news is it is very, very difficult to replicate that effort once again.    And, you see, I wonder, how rapidly would the U.S. be able to reverse course if we come to a situation where we feel like our Iranian partners are cheating or they intend to withdraw from this agreement, especially, Mr. Secretary, in light of what you just said, with our partners of Russia and China?    Because I don't think we could replicate this again, especially again with those two partners. And, if we could, it would take a long time. And the outcome is not at all certain.    So can you see why those of us who are concerned about this and--recognize that these sanctions were a great effort, but it is very, very difficult to replicate that? And to just assume that we could turn that around and impose those sanctions again, I don't think that is true at all. I think that is a stretch, to make that assumption.    Mr. Stewart. I understand that. But I do think--and I think you would agree with me--it is much more difficult after this, especially with China and especially with Russia. Their frame of mind is different now than it was a year ago, I think.    Mr. Stewart. Well, I certainly appreciate that. You and I agree on that, although, this is a national security and a DOD question, not necessarily in your area of expertise. But, I am afraid that this agreement makes that almost a foregone conclusion that they would rather then preclude him from that. But, again, that is another topic, and I know you would disagree with that conclusion, certainly.    Mr. Stewart. Yes.    Mr. Stewart. I certainly appreciate that, and you can go to Beijing and see it just as bad, as in other places as well. But you can mitigate it. And I do not think that it is an either- or proposition. But thank you, Mr. Secretary.    And madam, I yield back.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Madam Chair.    At the risk of repeating myself with some of my peers up here on the stand, I want to tell you a little bit about my background as I make my observation and then a question.    Now, I had the real privilege of serving as a pilot representative when I served in the Air Force to the START II and START III implementation with the Russians, and I learned even as a young captain that this lesson--and I am certain that this is true--and that is, if someone wants to cheat on a treaty such as this, they can find a way to do that. There is no question in my mind that that is true. I could give you many, many examples of why I believe that.    But the reason that those strategic negotiations worked with the Russians and the United States is that there was a modicum of trust between them. We had a generation of having negotiated over previous treaties in which they were carried out and verified, and we believed that we could work with them because we both wanted the same thing.    I don't believe that is true at all with our negotiations with Iran. And I appreciate your efforts to move forward on a very important issue, but I think that you and I or the administration and I view their willingness to comply with the treaty in a very different way.    If I could make one other observation and then I will ask my question. There has been much talk about the snap-back sanctions, and I think you and I would agree that it took extraordinary effort on your part--and I know that you were an important part of that--an extraordinary effort on the administration in order to put the present sanctions in its place. And I would say that they are fragile, and I think it has surprised many of us that they have held as well as they have.    But imagine, if you would, 2 years from now when multiple countries, thousands of companies with millions and perhaps billions of dollars of investment on the line, and every industry--oil and finance and shipping and aviation--I don't think you are going to see snap-back sanctions. I think it is going to be an ooze-back at best. It is going to be slippery and slimy and full of holes.    And we have already admitted that we will lose China and Russia, and I think we are likely to lose France as well. And once that happens, I don't know how you stop the dam from breaking. Because when other countries see these primary partners violating any snap-back provisions, I don't know how we would dissuade them.    Having made those comments--and I am not asking you to reply because you already have, and we appreciate your response to this point--my question primarily is this, and that is with the IAEA. And many of us are frustrated--and I am sure you are as well--with their inability--and this isn't a criticism of them. It is a criticism of their Iranian partners--their inability to get very specific answers to a long list of questions regarding primarily Iran's military installations and the role that those have played in the development of their previous weapons and atomic weapons--or nuclear weapons programs.    Do you share that frustration? And, if you do, why do you think that they are going to be any better as they try to implement and carry out this agreement?    Ambassador Power. Thank you, sir.    And I am going to--I am unable to resist the temptation of responding just to your opening comments because they are, of course, very legitimate concerns. And when it comes to the lack of trust for Iran, we share it.    This agreement framework and any ultimate agreement is predicated on a lack of trust rather than trust. That is why we are phasing sanctions. That is why we are talking so much about snap-back. And I will come to your ooze-back point in just a second. But----    Mr. Stewart. Can we agree to call it ooze-back from now on?    Ambassador Power. I think the Uzbeks would have a problem with that.    But the--I think what is really, really important is the extent of the verification and the transparency regime, the agreement to implement and then ratify the additional protocol, the modified code, which requires them to declare anything not after it is already up and running and built, but, you know, when the idea has struck, and the extent of the presence, which we haven't seen.    The JPOA is only over a finite period of time. I concede that point. But the IAEA has reported compliance. And, as I mentioned earlier, in the instance when it had a concern, it raised that with the Iranians and they complied.    Now, you may say, well, that is just because Iran is on its best behavior because it wants to get the big deal in order to get----    Mr. Stewart. And if I could comment on that----    Ambassador Power. Yes please.    Mr. Stewart . Madam Ambassador, you say Iran is on their best behavior and, yet, look what they are doing from Yemen to Syria, to----    Ambassador Power. No. No. No. But stick to the nuclear issue. I can--I can speak to the other issue. I deal with the other issues every day on Yemen, on Syria, on Iraq, et cetera.    Mr. Stewart. I know your point. But it is worth making the point as well. This is as good as it is going to get with them.    Ambassador Power. This is--I am speaking very narrowly about the nuclear issue.    Mr. Stewart. I understand.    Ambassador Power. I don't think there has been any improvement in Iran's behavior on the host of other issues that you mention and that I--again, that we all work on in cooperation with one another most days.    The--but the fact that every part of the nuclear supply chain is going to be monitored by the IAEA, the fact that we will have in the declared sites, the ones we all know about, state-of-the-art technology, electronic seals, daily access, et cetera.    But coming back to the nuclear supply chain--because that is the issue where the covert concerns get raised--they would, as you know, have to have an entire covert nuclear supply chain, so not just uranium mines that nobody has ever heard of, uranium mills nobody has ever heard of, storage facilities nobody has ever heard of--that takes a lot of work and a whole lot of subterfuge, and we retain the ability that we have demonstrated--we and our Israeli friends and others have--to also have our own independent ways of judging what is going on on the ground.    So we will also see quickly whether or not the IAEA is getting the access that it seeks, and we will have a means of resolving any standoff in that regard that will go in favor of the IAEA. And so we will come to a point at which they are either in violation or they are not.    On PMD, just to say that that is one of the issues along with the changes that need to be made at Iraq and Fordow and Natanz, those questions will need to be answered in the first phase before any relief is forthcoming----    Mr. Stewart. And my time is well expired.    Ambassador Power . Further--any further relief is forthcoming.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you.    And if I could just conclude, reemphasizing what I think both of us have explored here, that if they want to cheat, they can find a way to cheat. Despite all of the details you have enumerated here, they still could find a way to cheat. And the IAEA is very frustrated because they haven't answered their questions, provided information. I am deeply concerned that that will be this case 2 years from now as well.    Ambassador Power. But they could--the same argument applies, as you know, right now with all of the sanctions in place, the same argument about whether they are able to cheat.    The difference is we will have more inspectors on the ground and more of an ability to catch them. Right now they are at a 2- to 3-month breakout time. The difference is they will be at a 1-year breakout time, which is in the U.S. interest.    Mr. Stewart. I am happy to buy you a beer and continue.    Ambassador Power. Okay.