    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman.    Dr. King, thank you so much for being here. Good luck, best wishes, for your confirmation process with the Senate.    Mr. Thompson. Dr. King, in this year's budget request, your Department has proposed to level fund the only Federal investment in career and technical education, the Carl D. Perkins Act State grant program, and instead you propose $75 million for a new competitive grant program that your Department estimates will only benefit 5 to 25 programs throughout the country. It speaks to the same question that the chairman started out with of, really, making sure that we're serious about what we know works, what we have been doing, versus creating new programs have so much uncertainty attached to them.    The same week that you made this proposal, your Department highlighted the fact that many career and technical education programs have waiting lists of students who want to enroll in quality CTE programs but cannot because programs simply lack the capacity to meet this increasing demand for career and technical education.    Why has the Department of Education continued to propose new, untested grant programs that come with tremendous certainty -- also, I would argue, you know, favors bigger programs that maybe have more capacity for grant writing compared to especially those in underserved urban or rural areas -- that would only benefit, as the Department's own analysis has shown, only a handful of programs, the number being 5 to 25 as estimated by the Department of Education, at the expense of the Nation's foundational support for CTE via the Perkins Act?    Mr. Thompson. Well, it invests to the benefit of 5 to 25 programs across the Nation. So I really don't think it invests broadly in the futures of a significant number of kids. I think there's a better way to do it.    I have a question on whether the administration has changed its perspective. In April 2012, the administration released a blueprint for the reauthorization of the Perkins Act, which I agree with you, I think it's incredibly important. I look forward as this committee's work goes forward that we get that done. But what the administration put forward is viewed by many, by stakeholders, as overly prescriptive.    Has the administration's vision for a Perkins reauthorization changed since then? Because if your proposal is to level fund it this year, it seems like, perhaps -- well, let me just focus on the question being overly prescriptive.    And, specifically, one key stakeholder group I didn't hear you mention was business and industry. I mean, I would encourage you to use the same principles that this body, this committee did with the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act, with the Every Student Succeeds Act, where we pushed local control, local authority, more flexibility by those on the ground, decision makers, versus being overly prescriptive from Washington.