    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the witnesses for your testimony and interaction with the questions that have been asked.    I would state first that I have this dj vu feeling. It's been 10 years since the Kelo decision. I recall some of the debate on the floor of the House of Representatives when we brought a resolution of disapproval on the Kelo decision. And I remember I was queued up to speak right behind Mr. Barney Frank of Massachusetts, and I sat down in the front row with my notepad anticipating that I would take notes on my anticipated rebuttal.    Barney Frank and I had exactly the same position on the Kelo decision, which was an usual thing. And I made the statement then, not having read any of the dissent, that I believe that it struck three words out of the Fifth Amendment, ``for public use,'' which was the point of the question Mr. Goodlatte asked a moment ago. And I go back and read that Fifth Amendment today, and today it reads, ``nor shall private property be taken without just compensation.''    That's an appalling thing to me, and this Congress rose up and rejected that decision. And so I wanted to pose this question, I think first to Mr. Echeverria.    Our Founding Fathers gave us the means to amend the Constitution, and I don't think they actually anticipated Marbury, but it's here and it's a couple of centuries behind us. And so with that in mind, an appropriate way to address this, at least from a technical but not a practical perspective, would be to draft an amendment if we wanted to restore the property rights as understood prior to Kelo. And I'd ask if you could give us some counsel on how one might write such an amendment to restore the property rights as understood before the Kelo decision.    Mr. King. Well, I'd just as soon not, given my clock is burning down, but I want to rather instead, if I could just start from a left, if anyone has a recommendation on how we might draft an amendment to put the property rights back together that existed and were drafted into the Fifth Amendment prior to the Kelo striking the three words out, ``for public use.'' How would we write that? Would we write the same thing or was there another way to say it more firmly such as, ``for public use and we really mean it?''    What would you recommend, Mr. Alban.    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. Groen.    Mr. King. And in your narrative that you discussed, Mr. Groen, of the property that was a half-acre that it was adjacent to, I would just state it this way, and I'd ask if you'd agree with me. Up until Kelo, when a person bought a piece of property, we had an expectation that we could utilize that according to the law in a lawful manner for the duration of our lifetime. And so the Kelo decision that's allowed now for the--that's brought about the State legislation, has that altered the expectation nationally and made it an undecided circumstance where if you buy property today, you can't know what kind of decision might come back upon that because of public officials that would use the condemnation?    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Groen.    If I might just conclude with the Chairman here, is that it did not trouble me and it does not trouble me if I see a residential home sitting in the middle of an asphalt parking lot at a shopping mall out of respect to the Fifth Amendment and the property rights. That says something about a pillar of American exceptionalism that I think was seriously damaged by Kelo.    Thank you, and I yield back.