    Dr. Seidel. Thank you. Good morning, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Mand embers of the Subcommittee, thank you for the chance to participate in this important discussion.    I am Professor Ed Seidel, the Director of NCSA at the University of Illinois. I previously served at the National Science Foundation as the Assistant Director for the Directorate for Mathematical and Physical Sciences and also as the Director of the Office of Cyber Infrastructure. In those capacities I also co-chaired subcommittees under OSTP's Committees on Science and on Technology. I'm also very familiar with the importance to the nation of networking information technology, or NIT, across all areas of research and with the National Strategic Computing Initiative, or NSCI, and its importance in maintaining American competitiveness and research and in economic development. Indeed, I can think of no other single initiative that has as much potential to support and maintain U.S. leadership in research and innovation.    I would first like to outline some critical trends in science, engineering and industrial research that must guide federal investments in NIT. First, as more complex problems in science and society are addressed, R&D is increasingly collaborative and interdisciplinary. How do drugs interact with a virus? How can jet engines be made more efficient? Answers will require integration of expertise from many areas of science and engineering and from big data and from multiple instruments and big computing. All are needed, and such problems do not respect disciplinary, nor agency boundaries.    Second, complex problems are increasingly computational and data-intensive requiring integration of large-scale computing facilities and data from many observation systems and instruments. Without this, many problems are beyond the reach of the nation's current capabilities.    Activities at the center that I direct, NCSA, beautifully illustrate these trends. Funded by many agencies, NCSA leads the two largest single computing investments from the NSF accounting for over half-a-billion dollars. The Blue Waters supercomputer, the most powerful in the academic world, provides unique science capabilities to over a thousand researchers across the nation. And I have a book here just hot off the presses that has dozens and dozens of projects that are being done on machines like Blue Waters and others that can't be done in any other way.    The XSEDE project also provides advanced digital services for resources at many other national computing and data sites. Together, these highly oversubscribed facilities support over a billion dollars worth of externally funded research projects, only about half of which come from the National Science Foundation with the remainder coming from NIH, DOE, NASA, and others.    NCSA is also building data services for the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope funded jointly by the NSF and the DOE at close to a billion dollars. This revolutionary telescope will produce data at rates never before seen in the history of astronomy, and NCSA will play the primary role in hosting, processing, and serving data to the nation's science communities.    Such 21st century investments--in this case, a telescope--are huge data-generators and they need huge computers. They are merely peripherals to the computing infrastructure needed for science. Costing upwards of a billion dollars each, such instruments are more silicon than they are steel, and they need to be a part of the overall ecosystem of national information technology investments.    Underlying all of this in this era of big data and computing, in order to maintain U.S. competitiveness in research and innovation, the NSCI is desperately needed. A whole-of-government effort is required with deep coordination across the spectrum of agencies, their communities, and digital methodologies. The NSCI rightly singled out NSF in a key integrative role in this broad ecosystem.    In August, PCAST made recommendations regarding NITRD and NCO that I agree with, and I am confident that the current leadership will do an outstanding job acting on these recommendations, enabling them to play a major role in coordinating federal NIT investments.    Beyond the PCAST recommendations, however, I would urge the Committee to consider three points: First, highly compute- and data-intensive instruments should be a part of the overall portfolio of NIT coordination. Each such instrument is typically more expensive than the largest single computing facilities with computing, networking, and data investments comparable to those of the largest HPC centers, yet they are often not coordinated with the rest of the system and they need to be.    Two, being science-driven, coordinating federal investment in NIT should involve organizations beyond NITRD, including groups under the Committee on Science. These science communities cut across all disciplines, they are funded by many agencies, and they are driving the integration of computing, data, and networking, and they need to be deeply involved.    And finally, new funding vehicles for large NIT investments that are designed to be more coordinated may also be needed. For example, NSF's MREFC vehicle for funding large facilities and DOE's CD process are used successfully to fund major instruments. One should examine whether such vehicles could be adapted for multiagency coordination.    Thank you for giving me the chance to testify. I hope that I can help realize the great vision of research and innovation vital to the nation that I think we all share.    Dr. Seidel. Yes, thanks for the question.    I can give you a couple of different answers. So from my present post as the Director of NCSA, I can say we have many, many deep interactions with companies. We have a private sector program that has over two dozen companies that actually pay to be members of our consortium, and we work very deeply with them. Some of them--Caterpillar has been there for over 30 years. And when the original NSF supercomputing program started in 1985-86 in that period, the NCSA leadership at the time took out a full page ad in the Wall Street Journal and said we are open for business. And that led to a lot of industrial relationships with the University of Illinois and has actually led to an entire industrial park that is now just south of campus. And those relationships continue.    In the present day when the National Strategic Computing Initiative was announced, I was invited to the Eisenhower Executive Office Building for a little discussion on that, and I would say over half of the participants in the room were from industry. And some of the most passionate members of that panel talked about the need, for example, to have large-scale computing investments at the federal level so that they would be able to do things that they can't do otherwise.    For example, jet engine development, a mere one percent increase in the efficiency, which would require supercomputing at the level of, say, 10 to 100 times what we have now in order to really do that sort of work well, would allow tens of billions of dollars in savings in the airline industry for fuel costs, for example. So there are lots of examples where we work together with industry.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I think any time and any place you can help us assist with telling that story, so people really understand the multiplier effect of all the research that is going on and how it's integrated into everything that we see. So thank you very much.    And I yield five minutes to Mr. Lipinski.    Dr. Seidel. Yes, thank you. There are--it's clear that investments in computing impact all areas of science and engineering. So the Blue Waters facility is supporting areas from every single directorate at NSF. It's very interesting to note that even in the social sciences, which you wouldn't think of as being highly computational, they're using as much------    Dr. Seidel. They're using--I know you--that's correct. But many of them are using--that community--that directorate is using as much computing time as the Math and Physical Sciences Directorate did just ten years ago. So it's in every single area. And so the point is that investments in these areas can really impact all other areas, and they're fundamental to them. They can't do their work without them. So I think that's one of the issues to be thinking about when you're thinking about how to distribute budgets.    Dr. Seidel. So thank you for the question.    Just a little bit of background, as I mentioned, we have many private sector partners that are focused on using computing to advance their business, and we have a specifically dedicated computing system called iForge that is just for industrial use. So they really use that facility in the way that they want to. So we operate it for them. They're members of our program, and so they not only use the facility but they use the staff and the expertise, just as important or more important than the facility because computers come and go in fairly short timescales. It's the incredible scientific and computing expert staff that we maintain. And all the centers, I'm sure, would say the same thing. That's the most important aspect.    So they are--and part of the teams that work with industry and industry then provides problems for us to work on, whether it's scaling their codes or doing things like engine design or, you know, pharmaceutical design and so on, we help them scale their codes up to larger and larger processer accounts. And so if they want to graduate, say, from the iForge machine, which is much smaller, to a Blue Waters machine, which allows them to do things that they couldn't do anywhere else, including in their own homegrown computing facilities where they just don't have facilities like that--the Blue Waters machine is a $200 million facility--then we help them make that scaling--make that jump.    Another thing that we're doing, though, we're seeing increasingly that there is the concern about big data, and they're very, very focused on big data. And so there's a new NSF program called the Big Data Hub, which I'm the PI for the so-called Midwest Big Data Hub--it'll be announced next week--and it is about private-public partnerships. And we have many, many companies, state organizations, cities, as well as academic organizations all working together on this.    Dr. Seidel. Thank you very much for all those remarks.    There are major challenges in data management. That's for sure. I would call it an expanding universe that is growing beyond the traditional HPC investments and so on. So it's a much bigger set of problems, and we're still grappling with them. There are many aspects of this from what you do with all the data. So whether it's data that are collected from telescopes or from accelerators or from light sources and so on, or the output from supercomputers--you have to figure out what to do with all of that--the data are scientifically valuable, and they also have economic value as well.    And in fact, the entire Materials Genome Initiative that was announced 4 or five years ago--when I was at the NSF, I played a role in that--was a lot about making data computing, theory, and experiment all integral to an approach to materials that was really an economic development initiative because it was aimed at industrial competitiveness and making new materials at a much cheaper cost in half the time. And it was all largely seen as data being the integrator. And so creating services that make data that are collected from scientific activities, making them available to other researchers helps to ensure the reproducibility of the science, it helps others to take advantage of it more quickly, and it makes it directly available to industry so that they can take it up more quickly and then begin to make things. And that was what the Materials Genome was about.    So there are many, many issues, and I'd say the data issues are growing rapidly, just as are the computing ones. We can't forget about them. They go together.    Dr. Seidel. We have a lot of work to do, and every aspect, as we heard on the technologies themselves, on the expertise of the scientific communities to take advantage of these machines that are getting harder to process or to program. If you have a million processors--the Blue Waters computer has close to a million processors, think about how you would program such a machine to do a problem in astrophysics or in biology. So we have to invest a lot in the training of the next generation of researchers. That's really, really critical.    And in fact, I had the privilege to meet with about 60 students from the XSEDE project who were at a conference in St. Louis this summer, I queried them and they all said that they were not learning what they needed in their university curriculum; they were learning it in these workshops that we were holding. So there's a lot that needs to be done in every aspect of this.    Mr. Seidel. I would just make a quick answer to that. I think the recommendations actually were excellent. I think they need to be acted on, and I'm very confident that they will be. I'd like to see a broader set of activities, though, that also really deeply engages the science communities. The NITRD Program does focus naturally on the technologies and so--but the science communities and the engineering communities are the ones driving this so they need to be engaged.    Dr. Seidel. I'll make a couple quick comments on that and then let the others comment. When I was meeting with those students, I was really astounded to hear that they're basically still being trained in 17th century methods in physics, which is learning calculus, but not in 21st century, even 20th century methods in the classroom. So this is largely due to the fact that professors are teaching the time-honored tradition and so on. And so they need a little bit of a kick, I think, often. And so I think agencies can help them move forward faster by incentivizing changes and providing programs to tell them what they expect from their research activities and so on. So that's one way this can be done.    My son also was recruited out of college and decided to stay in. It was largely because I think he thought the longer-term prospects for him would be good there, but he did really think about the same exact thing.