    Mrs. Radewagen. I thank the panel for their testimony and I now recognize myself for five minutes of questions.    Ms. Meadows, can you please expand on your suggestion for VA to enter into a pilot program that would authorize a veteran to borrow money to rehabilitate and renovate their homes?    Mrs. Radewagen. I have got a follow-up question. Should the program be approved, what could be done to ensure that our veterans who live in remote areas such as the U.S. Territories would be made aware of and included in the program? By the way, I think it is a good idea.    Mrs. Radewagen. Mr. Frueh, in her written statement, Ms. Ansley raises concerns about inadequate staffing levels and high turnover rates for SAH agents. What can be done to reduce caseloads and improve services in this area?    Mrs. Radewagen. Mr. Frueh, yesterday the House passed H.R. 3016 as amended, which included legislation from our colleague Mr. Zeldin that would eliminate the home loan guaranty cap. Can you please share with us how the current cap is affecting veterans in high cost areas of the country? Additionally, how many veterans does the current cap affect?    Mrs. Radewagen. I now recognize Mr. Takano for five minutes for any questions he may have.    Mrs. Radewagen. Mr. Frueh, would you like to comment on the fees?    Mrs. Radewagen. I now recognize Ms. Rice for five minutes for any questions she may have. Thank you.    Miss Rice. So I just want to add, New York has got to be up there in terms of housing prices, right? I mean, I do not know how they compare to California, but I cannot believe that they are not as high because this is a perennial complaint that I hear about from our veteran community.    I have one question and it really is a question that every meeting we have with the VA, every hearing we have, the question is, and we just did a round table out in my district last week. How is it--so there's 40,000 homeless veterans. You mentioned some of the ways that you try to reach out to make them aware, whether it is upon separation or when they are still active duty. We have got to be able to do this better. I mean, one of the great failures, I think, of our government is we let too many veterans fall through the cracks, whether it is for mental health care, physical health care, these benefits, G.I. benefits. So is there a plan that you have, more than just--well we are going to do these pamphlets, that--where are they going to get them, how are they going to, do you understand what I am saying? How do we reach more veterans?    Mrs. Radewagen. Thank you all for your testimony and questions, and I thank the witnesses for taking time out of their busy schedules to be here. Finally, I ask unanimous consent that all Members----    Mrs. Radewagen. Finally, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have five legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on today's hearing. Hearing no objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned.