    Mr. Boyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And as I have said previously, the way that you and Mr. Engel lead this committee on issues as they relate to Israel's security is admirable and reflects the best spirit of bipartisanship when it comes to foreign affairs for the United States.    Just in reflecting on what has been going on recently, the 300 or so wounded, the 30 Israelis that have been killed in these knifing attacks, what has been going on now is essentially the slow-motion intifada that, unfortunately, has not gotten as much attention around the world as it should.    And I think that a real turning point was clearly the--everyone talks about Camp David that succeeded in the late seventies. But, really, you could say the one that had the more effect was the failed Camp David attempt in 2000, which was building up to be the culmination of the Oslo process and a two-state solution, recognition on both sides, and resolving most of the outstanding issues.    And when Yasser Arafat walked away from that and went back to Ramallah and launched the intifada, it has led exactly to where we are today in 2016, 16 years later. And so many people have lost their lives and been wounded.    And so now here we are, in the West and especially the United States, trying to get the parties back to an agreement that, if you read, say, Dennis Ross' account of it or even Bill Clinton's autobiography, it is pretty clear that, whether it be next year or 20 years from now, we are probably going to get a final resolution that looks a lot more like the 2000 Camp David attempt than not.    So, in terms of getting back to that and how we get back on track and recognizing the current configuration of the Israeli Government and an 85-year-old Mahmoud Abbas who is seemingly not interested in peace at all, I want to return to something that was discussed earlier, and that is the Arab Peace Initiative. Because one advantage of the whole--wherever anyone stood on the Iranian deal, one unexpected, positive, unintended consequence was greater cooperation between Israel and its Arab neighbors.    Could that be the genesis of a renewed Arab-led peace initiative that would put pressure on the Palestinian leadership to finally come to the table? For any of you.    Dr. Pollock? And then we can go down the table.    Mr. Boyle. Internally risky----    Mr. Boyle . With their own domestic political situation?    Mr. Boyle. Mr. Carmon?