    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank you for your work in this area. You have done a lot to move this forward and this hearing is one of those things.    And our committee is always--we spend some time in the weeds looking at the specificity of what we need to do and then we move up and get kind of an aerial view. There are times we need to do the aerial because it shows us the trajectory and the curve lines that we have.    When Eisenhower left office in 1961, he warned of the influence of a permanent armaments industry of vast proportions. But in the years of the Cold War, we have seen the size of our industrial base shrink along with defense spending. 1961 defense contractors comprised 15 of the top 100 companies in America and made 30 percent of those top 100 companies' total revenue. Today, there are only 4 defense contractors in the top 100 and they make 4 percent of the total revenue.    Now, I know that is in part due to mergers and acquisitions and also tremendous growth in the commercial sector. But unfortunately for our national defense many of the commercial companies are hesitant to work with the DOD due to low profit margins, huge regulatory burdens, and demands that they turn over intellectual property.    Could you guys give us your opinion of the curve lines that you see that worry you about the industrial base and the acquisition process in terms of the health of our industrial base and its ability to meet the needs of our military, and also the flexibility that we might have. You know, we all talk about often in World War II how we could shift our manufacturing and produce other things. What worries you today about those curve lines, and is there anything we can do as a Congress to impact the curve lines?    Mr. Hunter, do you mind giving us your thoughts.    Mr. Forbes. Anybody else have a thought?    Mr. Forbes. Okay. Any other thoughts?    Mr. Forbes. And my time is up, but thank you, gentlemen.    I would yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Walz.