    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate that and I hope that my having to be in two places at once does not indicate my lack of interest in this important topic. We are also working on child nutrition in another committee.    Thank you so much to the witnesses for being here today. Climate change is an important issue to my constituents in northwest Oregon, and whether I'm talking about people who live on the coast who rely on a healthy ocean or growers of our famous pinot grapes in Yamhill County or entrepreneurs who are developing new clean energy technologies, there are many people who are working to address and mitigate the impacts of climate change in my State of Oregon.    Now, there have been several statements here about how reducing carbon emission has costs, but we should also consider the costs of inaction. We have shellfish growers on our coast and many of them have spoken with me about the significant losses because of ocean acidification. Oyster production is an $84 million industry on the West Coast and supports more than 3,000 jobs in my State. Ocean acidification is threatening this industry, as well as those in the Gulf of Mexico, New England, mid-Atlantic. And this just doesn't matter to coastal representatives; it's important to restaurants and grocery stores and people who eat shellfish across the country.    Now, later today, I'm going to have an opportunity to visit with some of the Oregonians who grow wine grapes in my district, and I want to mention that the wine economy in Oregon is valued at more than $3 billion and supports more than 17,000 jobs. Wine grapes are especially vulnerable to temperature extremes. Excess heat can raise the sugar level of grapes, for example, which, along with drought, threatens this important industry.    So, Mr. Schmidt, you discussed in your testimony some of the increased costs associated with climate change. Do you agree that if we continue to do little or nothing, these costs will continue to rise? And can you talk just a little bit about the terms of lost jobs, for example, and areas like agriculture if we refuse to act? And I do want to have time for another question as well.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And, yes, we also have outdoor recreation activities that have been seriously hampered here because no snowpack.    So in taking a leadership role to address climate change, the United States has an opportunity to further spur innovation and development of sustainable technologies. And, Dr. Thornburg, thank you for mentioning the States that have renewable energy portfolios. I was actually in the Oregon Legislature when we passed the legislation, and I'm proud to have supported that, to require that the State's largest utilities derive 25 percent of their 2025 sales from renewable sources.    We have a significant amount of hydropower as well in Oregon, and one way that our State is working to meet this benchmark is to be a leader in areas like wind energy. We are involved in generation, manufacturing, and the industry employs more than 1,000 Oregonians. We have also made a strategic decision to become an international leader in the development of wave energy technology, and we have partnered with the government on some research in that area.    So, Mr. Schmidt, you have established that we are already paying significant costs driven by climate change. Can you talk about how the U.N. Framework Convention will positively impact our domestic clean energy sector and innovation and economy nationwide?    Ms. Bonamici. Well, thank you very much. I see my time is expired and I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.