    Ms. Castor. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this hearing on the Clean Air Act and the Clean Power Plan.    The Clean Air Act is one of America's bedrock environmental protection laws, and it has been for over 40 years. I believe the Clean Air Act reflects our values. We value the air that we breathe, we are willing here in America to tackle significant environmental threats, and to tackle these threats EPA uses the best science, public input, examines health impacts. And what we understand here in 2015 is that we've got to tackle one of the most critical modern challenges yet, the changing climate, and the very costly impacts of the changing climate.    I believe EPA has developed a flexible carbon pollution reduction plan that is good for consumers, it's good the environment, it's good for the public health, and it will be good for our economy. And I think, Ms. McCabe, that EPA is right to encourage and spur States to meet the challenges, and the rising costs of the changing climate.    Coming from the State of Florida, these costs are daunting looking ahead. You've detailed some of them relating to public health, but what I see on the horizon if we do not act: increases in property insurance in Florida, flood insurance--boy, that's really hitting home now, watching what's happening in South Carolina.    I was a county commissioner before I came to Congress. Storm water fees, the ability of local governments, what they're going to have to do to replace storm water and waste water facilities, beach renourishment costs are going to increase.    Another cost unless we act will be the failure to tap into these clean energy jobs and innovation. And I noticed in the Clean Power Plan you have--EPA has included a Clean Energy Incentive Program to reward early investments in renewable energy generation, specifically solar and wind during 2020-2021. Now, coming from Florida where we have huge potential for solar projects like other States do, I'm excited about what a program like this could mean for my State. Could you please elaborate on that initiative?    Ms. Castor. I wondered, as well, the Union of Concerned Scientists recently issued a report as they do routinely, and they said that most States are already well on their way to complying with the Clean Power Plan. They released an analysis in mid-August. They said they find that 31 States are on track to be more than halfway to meeting their 2022 emission rate benchmark, and that 20 States are on track to be more than halfway toward meeting their final 2030 compliance targets. They said they see great movement because of renewable energy standards, energy efficiency initiatives, nuclear power in States, and transition to natural gas. Do you agree with their analysis that we've got 31 States on track to be more than halfway to 2020, and the other 20 States closing in on halfway of 2030 targets?    Ms. Castor. Thank you, and I yield back my time.