    Mr. Camus. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the full committee. I appreciate the opportunity to come here today to provide updated testimony on my agency's investigation of the Internal Revenue Service's production of the emails of the former Director of Exempt Organizations as well as our efforts thus far in recovering missing emails.    Throughout our investigation, we have updated the tax-writing and oversight committees of Congress, including this committee, concerning our progress in recovering emails. As the Inspector General noted, we are now in position to provide information about our investigation.    My special agents determined that there were six possible sources of information in order to recover missing emails. Those sources are Ms. Lerner's crashed hard drive, the backup or disaster recovery tapes, a decommissioned IRS email server, the backup tapes for the decommissioned email server, Ms. Lerner's BlackBerry, and loaner computers that may have been assigned to her while her laptop was being repaired. My testimony will provide an overview of some of those sources, all of which are covered in the written testimony.    With respect to Ms. Lerner's crashed computer hard drive, we determined that, on Saturday, June 11, 2011, between 5 p.m. And 7 p.m., Ms. Lerner's IRS laptop was more than likely in her office and it stopped communicating with the IRS server system.    The following Monday, June 13, 2011, Ms. Lerner reported that she found her computer inoperable, and the malfunction was reported to the IRS information technology staff. The assigned IT specialist determined the hard drive had crashed and, following standard protocol, placed a new hard drive in Ms. Lerner's laptop.    A Hewlett-Packard technician also worked on the laptop for other repairs. When interviewed, both technicians reported they did not note visible damage to the laptop computer itself. Because we were unable to locate and examine the hard drive, we do not definitively know why it crashed.    On July 19, 2011, Ms. Lerner requested IRS IT to attempt to recover data from her crashed hard drive to retrieve, ``personal information. After receiving the hard drive from the IRS technician, an IRS criminal investigation technician was unsuccessful in recovering data. IRS IT management determined additional efforts to recover data from Ms. Lerner's hard drive were not worth the expense.    It is important to point out the IRS does not track individual hard drives by their serial numbers. Our investigation revealed that Ms. Lerner's hard drive was more than likely sent for destruction with a shipment of other IRS electronic media on April 13 of 2012. The shipment was traced to the UNICOR Recycling Facility in Marianna, Florida. We determined that this shipment of hard drives was destroyed using a shredder that cut the inserted hard drives into quarter-size pieces. According to the facility manager, those pieces are then sold for scrap.    Understanding the limitation on the investigation without having the hard drive, our investigation did not uncover any evidence of sabotage of Ms. Lerner's hard drive. Our investigation included attempts to determine if anybody entered Ms. Lerner's office prior to the date and time of her hard drive crash. Unfortunately, those logs were erased after 1 year of retention.    I will now provide an overview of our investigative efforts relating to the backup or disaster recovery tapes.    On June 30, 2014, TIGTA demanded the IRS provide all backup tapes used for Ms. Lerner's IRS email account, specifically during the period January 1, 2008, through December 31, 2011. On July 1, 2014, the IRS identified 744 backup tapes, and TIGTA took possession of all of them. Initially, it appeared as though nine tapes may have contained valuable data, but they turned out to be blank.    The IRS executive in charge of the IRS email backup program and his staff identified the 13 specific backup tapes that would contain the earliest copies of Lois Lerner's email. When we took those tapes to the recognized industry expert for electronic data recovery and extraction, they then provided TIGTA with Exchange database files from these tapes.    At the conclusion of the process, TIGTA identified 79,840 Lois Lerner emails, of which nearly 60 percent were, in fact, duplicates or copies of each other, leaving approximately 32,700 Lois Lerner emails.    As was pointed out in our February testimony, TIGTA compared those 32,700 emails to what the IRS has already produced to Congress in an effort to identify unique emails that had not been produced to the Congress. Due to technological challenges, TIGTA agents had to create a specialized program script that initially identified as many as 6,400 emails that appeared to have not been previously provided to Congress.    It is important to point out, at each stage when we identified emails, we informed the recipients of that information that it was early in the investigation and additional technical work needed to be done.    To further refine the population, we then manually compared the 6,400 emails that were previously produced to the emails that were previously produced by the Congress--to the Congress by the IRS. We removed the obvious spam emails and additional duplicates that we found during the manual process.    At the conclusion of this review, we determined that over 1,000 emails that were recovered by TIGTA from backup tapes were not previously provided to Congress. Using the analysis of email transaction logs, we estimate that there may still be 23,000 to 24,000 emails missing.    Another potential source of emails that I will highlight is the decommissioned New Carrollton email server. Based on our review of this source, our agents identified 58 new emails not previously produced to Congress.    The final source that I will discuss is the backup tapes for the decommissioned email server. As the IG stated, during our investigation, we obtained the 424 backup tapes associated with the decommissioned New Carrollton email server, and it is important to note that that server was in operation until approximately May 2011.    We determined that 422 of the 424 tapes were degaussed or magnetically erased and, therefore, had no data on them. This was done by--the erasure was done by IRS employees in Martinsburg, West Virginia, on or about March 4, 2014, 1 month after the IRS realized it was missing emails.    One of the 424 tapes contained backup files created in 2011, but they did not pertain to Lois Lerner. Due to encryption or damage to the other tape, we were unable to read it.    Our investigation found no evidence to prove that the erasure of the 422 tapes was done in furtherance of an effort to purposely destroy evidence or to conceal information from Congress and law enforcement.    Sworn testimony and reviews of the involved IRS employees' emails indicate that the employees did not know about, understand, or follow the Chief Technology Officer's May 2013 email directive to halt the destruction of electronic media due to ongoing investigations.    Our investigation also revealed that the IRS did not put forth an effort to locate and preserve the backup tapes.    Lastly, there is a remote possibility, as the IG pointed out, that further review of the information obtained from the initial set of 735 backup tapes could result in the recovery of additional emails that were not previously produced. We are also following up on a discrepancy in the count of hard drives that we hope to have resolved prior to finalizing our report of investigation.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss this matter, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Camus. To the best that we can determine through the investigation, they just simply didn't look for those emails. So, for the 1,000--over 1,000 emails that we found on the backup tapes, we found them because we looked for them.    Mr. Camus. That's what we understand, yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. They would be--we would consider them responsive to the subpoena and the preservation order, yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. When we looked through our investigation, emails that are responsive to a subpoena may or may not be evidence. It depends on the content of the emails. They were certainly responsive to your subpoena and your preservation order.    Mr. Camus. There were 424 backup tapes, and----    Mr. Camus. They erased them.    Mr. Camus. They have an unusual terminology at the IRS. When they magnetically erase them, making them useless, they call that ``degaussing'' them. ``Destroying'' them means they physical chunk them up into quarter-size chunks.    So, on March 4, 2014, they magnetically erased all the tapes, but they had not destroyed them. Therefore, my agents were able to obtain them, and that allowed us to conduct the analysis of those tapes.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. There were actually 10 loaner laptops that were in service during that period of time, one of which should have been assigned to her as a backup. We took possession of all 10 of those laptops that were used for that purpose, were unable to find one that was assigned to her.    Mr. Camus. I'm not aware that they did, no, sir.    Mr. Camus. They did not. We took possession of her BlackBerry shortly after she left the IRS in June of 2014--'13.    Mr. Camus. Actually, we had possession of her BlackBerry as of June 13, 2013.    Mr. Camus. They did not.    Mr. Camus. Correct. We took possession of the 740--the initial set of backup tapes on July 1, roughly 15 days after we started our investigation.    Mr. Camus. That's it.    Mr. Camus. We were escorted to the machine that make the backups, that uses the tapes and writes the emails to them. And when they opened the machine that made the backups, they noted that nine of those tapes were in an unusual configuration, which led the witnesses, IRS employee witnesses, to believe that they may contain data that had never been overwritten. So we were initially very excited that those nine tapes would have everything the investigation needed. Unfortunately, those tapes were defective, and they turned out to be blank.    So then we had to go back and figure out, of the 735 tapes, which of those were the most likely to have contained any Lois Lerner email. Once we determined that, we identified 13 tapes. We sent those off to the industry expert, and within a couple months we had our first glimpse of emails.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Generally--at one time, they were located in many, many locations, but the IRS was trying to consolidate their email processing primarily to the service centers. And Martinsburg, West Virginia, is one of the service centers.    Mr. Camus. No, sir. We found that they degaussed tapes before they degaussed the Lerner 424 tapes, and they degaussed tapes afterwards. And they were degaussing tapes up until about June of 2014.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir, I did.    Mr. Camus. The directive was issued by the IRS Chief Technology Officer----    Mr. Camus. --Terry Mulholland. And, in his directive, he was advising his management team to stop destroying--in essence, stop destroying electronic backups and evidence. He issued that directive in May 2013.    Mr. Camus. As far as the--absolutely correct. The investigation did not show they had any intent to do that.    Mr. Camus. Yes, we did.    Mr. Camus. It was a significant part of the investigation.    Mr. Camus. That's correct. And I think I also said if any, if there were any of those would turn out to be new. We were trying--still trying to determine that. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Over 1,000, that is correct, sir, from the backup tapes.    Mr. Camus. That would be accurate.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. I would totally agree, yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. The 23,000 number was derived when my staff, shortly after opening our investigation, determined that the Government Operations Security Center, or GSOC--Government Security Operations Center, or GSOC, at the Department of the Treasury logs every single email incident in or out of the IRS.gov domain. And we felt that that was a critically important source of information to determine the total universe of emails.    So we obtained that log, and we compared it to what has already been produced to Congress. And that's how we came up with our estimate of the log activity compared to what has already been produced. And the estimate is between 23,000 and 24,000 emails that we can't find.    Mr. Camus. Sir, the 23,000 to 24,000 estimate involves just simply email headers. That's what the transaction logs can record. When you take that limited amount of information--they have the transaction log, which is the header of the email and the subject line and maybe one or two features underneath--it does limit your ability to compare.    But I've been assured by my staff that we went through the process, we checked it twice, and that it is a fair estimate of the email activity that went through the IRS.gov domain and that has not yet been produced to Congress.    Mr. Camus. That would be accurate. Our investigation found no purposeful destruction by the employees who put the tapes through the degaussing machine.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. That's right.    Mr. Camus. That's what I understand. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. It's an unbelievable set of circumstances that would allow that to happen. It is going to be fully documented in our report, and I'm not sure I could describe it to you in 5 minutes.    Mr. Camus. It's possible. The management team----    Mr. Camus. They did not.    Mr. Camus. The management team is certainly someplace to look.    Mr. Camus. That could be said.    Mr. Camus. We're going to generate our report of investigation that will clearly delineate step by step how this occurred, where the breakdowns were, and it will provide the evidence that I've been describing in our--both our written and oral testimony here today.    Mr. Camus. Our investigation did not uncover any at this time.    Mr. Camus. There are always times at the conclusion of an investigation, especially when an investigation gets a public forum, that somebody hears something and they come forward with new information. But, after a very thorough investigation, we have not uncovered any evidence.    Mr. Camus. It would've certainly been useful to have that material.    Mr. Camus. That was the chief technology officer, Terry Milholland.    Mr. Camus. There was very much confusion, and I'm not certain that there was appropriate management oversight of that directive.    Mr. Camus. Every IRS manager, in my view.    Mr. Camus. Inasmuch as we're finishing our investigation, we have not provided the IRS with the results of what we found during our very thorough investigation in these matters.    Mr. Camus. I believe they do, and they will get our full report.    Mr. Camus. I believe there would be.    Mr. Camus. We believe there were six.    Mr. Camus. The hard drive would have been a source, BlackBerry source, backup tapes a source, server drives a source, the backup tapes for the server drives, and then finally, the loaner laptops.    Mr. Camus. We're not aware that they searched any one in particular. They did--it appears they did look into initially whether or not the hard drive had been destroyed, but they didn't go much further than that.    Mr. Camus. They believed at a high level that attempting to get emails off of the backup tapes was a futile attempt. But they did not determine that the very backup tapes that would have contained the emails still existed, and they would have yielded the very emails everybody's been interested in.    Mr. Camus. I would not.    Mr. Camus. I diligently worked on the questions, I prepared them, and I submitted them for review.    Mr. Camus. I don't know.    Mr. Camus. I don't know the circumstance for nondelivery.    Mr. Camus. No, sir.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. There was a group of individuals, but the first-line manager was a manager out of West Virginia named Charles Stanton.    Mr. Camus. Kate Duval was the chief counsel to the Commissioner, and she was in charge of the email production to the Congress.    Mr. Camus. We did.    Mr. Camus. Yes, she was.    Mr. Camus. Well, when they realized--because she was running the effort at that time to gather the emails to produce them--when they realized there was a hole in their production, she's the one that informed the Treasury that they were having difficulty with the emails. And she is also the one that informed the Commissioner that they were having troubling gathering the emails.    Mr. Camus. Ms. Duval, I understand, is no longer at the Interval Revenue Service. And at the conclusion of our investigation, the IRS will get our report, and I believe they will take appropriate action based on what we found in the report concerning individuals.    Mr. Camus. It's difficult to agree with a broad statement at any time. Our job in the Office of Investigations is to root out corruption at the IRS. So whether it's this matter or any other matter, we take great pride conducting thorough investigations, and if there is corruption, we're determined to find it and root it out.    Mr. Camus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    When Dr. DesJarlais asked me the name of the manager at the IRS at the time the tapes were erased or destroyed, I shared the name Charles Stanton. Charles Stanton wasn't actually the manager at that time. We're working on getting that name. We'll provide it for the record. Stanton has actually been very cooperative.    Mr. Camus. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Camus. That's correct, sir. There is an ongoing DOJ investigation.    Mr. Camus. That means do not destroy, rewipe or do anything to that material, as it could be evidence or of import.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. No, sir.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir, it was done March--on or about March 4 of 2014, well after the commencement of all those activities.    Mr. Camus. No, the destruction that we're talking about required the employees involved to actually pick up tapes and place them into a machine, turn the machine on that magnetically destroyed and obliterated the data.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. Our investigation has shown that the two employees who physically put those tapes into that machine are lower-graded employees at the Martinsburg, West Virginia, computing center. They continued to erase media throughout the period of time; as a matter of fact, they did not stop erasing media, including these 424 tapes, until June of 2014. When interviewed, those employees said that, ``Our job is to put these pieces of plastic into that machine and magnetically obliterate them. We had no idea that there was any type of preservation from the chief technology officer.''    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Kate Duval is the chief counsel representative, the IRS's counselor, concerning the production issues to Congress. So she was----    Mr. Camus. --the lawyer in charge of making sure that counsel made production to Congress.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. She is not. I don't recall the date that she left, but she is no longer----    Mr. Camus. --part of the Internal Revenue Service.    I can get that information for you.    Mr. Camus. We believe it failed on June 11, which is a Saturday, between 5:00 and 7:00 p.m.    Mr. Camus. We believe, based on log activity, that the laptop was in her office at the time that the hard drive failed.    Mr. Camus. There was--we were unable to determine if a program was in place that would remove another program from the computer. It was a silent deployment, if you will. That deployment was scheduled to occur between two dates, but we weren't able to definitively say there was any computer activity on that computer on July--or I'm sorry, June 11, 2013--or 2011, when it was destroyed.    Mr. Camus. I'm not.    Mr. Camus. 6th.    Mr. Camus. Correct.    Mr. Camus. On or about March 4, 2014.    Mr. Camus. It did. And there's a lot of discussion that we captured in our investigation by capturing the manager's emails, over what Milholland meant by this directive. So there's some back and forth.    Mr. Camus. They believe that it pertained to hard drives and personal computers. They over-interpreted the directive, which was basically preserve all electronic media.    Mr. Camus. It does.    Mr. Camus. One could come to that conclusion, yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. One could come to that conclusion. Like I said, there's--you'll see in our report of investigation, we captured a lot of the email traffic back and forth between employees as they were discussing the impact that this has on their operations out there and destroying things.    Mr. Camus. Yes.    Mr. Camus. The Internal Revenue Service is going to get a copy of our report of investigation when we're through, and I imagine that they will look at it and they will take appropriate action.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir, that's accurate.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. That's due diligence.    Mr. Camus. Through our interviews of the IRS employees involved under oath and the review of their email, concurrent email with the issue, it appears that they had a manifest misunderstanding of the directive. There was a misunderstanding at the management level because they--they didn't know whether or not this pertained to just hard drives, they didn't know whether it just contained----    Mr. Camus. No, sir.    Mr. Camus. One of the elements of most criminal statutes is a willfulness prong, and the challenge in any criminal investigation is the willfulness. You need to gather the evidence that shows that when these two lower-graded employees introduced the 424 tapes----    Mr. Camus. All right.    Mr. Camus. There does not appear to be any evidence that they willfully, improperly executed their duties.    Mr. Camus. The investigation at hand was a criminal investigation conducted by criminal investigators who had the authority to place people under oath and bring criminal charges to the Department of Justice. My agents, during the interviews of all these folks and, again, with support of the contemporaneous email traffic between them, came to the conclusion that there was no willfulness by these employees or managers----    Mr. Camus. It is.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir, we did.    Mr. Camus. I believe she had already departed the Internal Revenue Service when we obtained the emails off the tapes.    Mr. Camus. Not to our knowledge, she did not.    Mr. Camus. She could have known, and she certainly----    Mr. Camus. I'm not aware if she was reprimanded, sir.    Mr. Camus. I don't have that information other than she left the Internal Revenue Service.    Mr. Camus. On her own.    Mr. Camus. Yes. We're privy to the production that IRS has been through. We've observed the hearings, the various hearings that have been held by this committee and others where they testified about their efforts to produce emails. So we're well aware of the fact that there have been promises made. There have been obligations to provide the material. Is that responsive?    Mr. Camus. That's correct. We did not learn of that until June 13, 2014, at the same time everybody else did.    Mr. Camus. They shared with us the same information they shared with everybody else why they delayed it, when they knew in February of 2014 there were missing emails. The explanation was they spent the time between February and when they made notification in June allegedly looking for emails.    Mr. Camus. The only evidence that I'm aware of that was found is whenever we initiated our investigation and we recovered the first set of tapes, and then learning after having them examined that there were emails on them.    Mr. Camus. A case this significant of this interest to all parties, I would have expected that it would've been reported to us when they determined that there was a loss of these emails because it was pertinent to so many ongoing investigations.    Mr. Camus. That would be fair.    Mr. Camus. We haven't shared the results of our findings or our major concerns because we're not quite finished with the report of investigation. When we are finished with that document, he will get a copy, and he will be briefed about the management failures and the observations that we had and our concern about not being properly notified in a timely manner.    Mr. Camus. Occasionally, we would give him an update like we did the committees, inasmuch as we were talking to his senior managers and his staff, and we would let him know, in our efforts to recover emails, how we were come along. So other than just the general, occasional status like we did with the committees----    Mr. Camus. --we weren't providing him a blow-by-blow.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. We went through a series of logical steps with due diligence, and we were able to recover emails. So it would appear that that statement----    Mr. Camus. We're not aware that----    Mr. Camus. Yeah, our understanding is that the tapes in question that would have contained the relevant material were erased or degaussed on March of 2014. June of 2014, they reportedly stopped erasing all media and came into compliance with the chief technology officer's directive.    Mr. Camus. It would not appear to be true.    Mr. Camus. That would not appear to be true.    Mr. Camus. That was not my intention, sir.    Mr. Camus. No.    Mr. Camus. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the opportunity to clarify. I was asked a series of questions that based on our investigation, we found things that were said earlier were not there. Anytime you make an allegation or if you prove--to prove a false statement, there is again a willfulness prong in that. You have to understand that somebody willfully gave information that they knew was not to be true. So I'm not alleging that the Commissioner willfully gave any information that he knew at the time he gave it not to be true. That's--if that helps clarify.    Mr. Camus. And I apologize.    Mr. Camus. We found emails that they did not. Now----    Mr. Camus. That they did not find them and our investigation showed that they did not look for them. But I am not alleging that the Commissioner made false statements at this point. I'm not. So thank you for the opportunity.    Mr. Camus. We found no willfulness throughout our investigation.    Mr. Camus. Yes. It would.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir. We are still participating in that effort.    Mr. Camus. I don't know the status for the DOJ investigation.    Mr. Camus. I'm not aware.    Mr. Camus. As far as I know, they have not.    Mr. Camus. Well, our agents have shared with me it appears to be thorough. Like everybody else, they're waiting for the conclusion of this case and the conclusion of our attempt to find new evidence or material relative to the investigation.    Mr. Camus. In general it would, but in this particular case when the whole exempt organizations application process broke, the President and the Attorney General at the time determined that the Department of Justice would be the lead investigative agency for that particular matter.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. I believe that because we have been involved that the truth will prevail. Our goal is--we are focused on the American people and Congress to get the American people through the Congress all the information that we can and we let the facts fall where they may and the truth fall where it may. So as far as that's our effort, I'm convinced if--I'm briefed by my agents, that they're convinced that through their efforts that that has occurred, and then I will take their answer.    Mr. Camus. That's correct, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Camus. The issue that we have here is, as I shared earlier, is a management failure.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir.    Mr. Camus. Our evidence shows that they did, in fact, receive the directive from Mr. Milholland.    Mr. Camus. The evidence shows from interviews and looking, again, at contemporaneous email traffic between the various parties, that when they got when--when they received the directive from Milholland, they were confused as to what it actually encompassed. So----    Mr. Camus. I couldn't agree with you more, Mr. Meadows.    Mr. Camus. Well, it's just an opinion. There are many, many people in this situation who should be held accountable.    Mr. Camus. Our general process is----    Mr. Camus. There will be names in that report, and there will be documents of each of the interviews, and I'm sure that various people have come to various conclusions.    Mr. Camus. We just work very, very hard. We're proud of our mission, which is to restore and keep the American people's confidence in the Internal Revenue Service. We take our job seriously, and I have an outstanding staff of men and women who do that work every day.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir, we did. Unfortunately, the vender who had the security contract for that building routinely destroys their prox card logs after a one-year period of time. So unfortunately for this investigation, sometime in 2012, the proxy logs were overwritten.    Mr. Camus. The records were not available to us. We--we looked and we were very hopeful that we would be able to get those records.    Mr. Camus. I believe there are four or five locations where the emails are centralized.    Mr. Camus. Dozens, you know, in each location. I have a list here, Mr. Jordan, that--but for me to sit here and count them, I don't want to waste your time.    Mr. Camus. In this particular case, we know that there were two employees involved in the erasure of the 424 tapes on a midnight shift. So I imagine they're running three shifts per location. So that would be----    Mr. Camus. Yeah, 24 to 30 people, maybe.    Mr. Camus. At this time I don't know. We are continuing an investigation on an aspect of this, which is a discrepancy over the way that some of the material was counted and----    Mr. Camus. The locations for sure got the directive through the management chain. But for me to surmise whether or not each of the locations, the people responsible for erasing tapes got it, I couldn't testify to that.    Mr. Camus. Specifically not to my knowledge, especially at----    Mr. Camus. Yes. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. That's correct.    Mr. Camus. He may have told you that under oath and made assurances to you----    Mr. Camus. Our investigation showed that he depended heavily on his senior managers to carry out----    Mr. Camus. I don't know what he did. I know he----    Mr. Camus. And I believe he went back to his senior staff and told them to do so.    Mr. Camus. I know he didn't talk to the people who destroyed the tapes. I do understand that he told his senior staff to comply with the investigation.    Mr. Camus. Yes, sir. I do.    Mr. Camus. As far as our investigation goes, it would still hold true.    Mr. Camus. The investigation did not show that.