    Mr. Cleaver. Madam Chair, thank you for being here.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you and the ranking member.    Let me first of all, before I get into questions, I am convinced that there will always be those who exploit the paranoia of the public with regard to the Federal Reserve. So I think it is important that from time to time we erase the mystification around the Fed with the sterilization of exposure to the public. I am from--I represent Kansas City, Missouri. We have, of course, two Feds in our State because we are better than the other States. But what I think is very important, about 45 days ago, Esther George from the Kansas City Fed agreed to a meeting with a variety of people, including the head of the AFL-CIO, the mayor, the county executive, and me. We had activists in the community, economists, chamber of commerce. It was a fabulous meeting and an opportunity for a very good exchange--although we centered primarily on interest rates. But I just wanted to share with you that I think that is a way in which we can at least attempt to push aside some of the tension that is, I think, created by those who just don't like the fact that we have a central bank.    Mr. Cleaver. I appreciate that. They also bring a large group of high school students here in the fall of the year.    Mr. Cleaver. Now, I am a former mayor of Kansas City. Mike Capuano is a reserved person, who also served as mayor, and so I associate myself with the comments he made earlier, because I think munis are the mother's milk for municipal development, and they are the safest of all bonds. And I think when the Fed and FDIC approved the liquidity coverage ratio rule, I am not sure--I would hope that the Fed and the FDIC would look at this issue that--municipal bonds may appear to be less liquid, and I think it is because liquidity should be measured on the insurer basis as opposed to the security basis. And I think if you factor this new look, munis are still the best thing going. And, I think every city in the country trembled at the approval of the liquidity ratio coverage that you and FDIC did.    Mr. Cleaver. Now, let me go to a question. Oh, my goodness. The chairman is probably going to give me another 2 or 3 minutes, but I won't even get started.    Thank you, Madam Chair.    I yield back my 13 seconds.