    Mr. El-Lissy. The cottonseed bug was detected back in 2010, and since then, we have been working with the Florida Department of Agriculture and local officials in surveying and eradicating the pest. So far, we have been able to eradicate it, and we continue to monitor the population there, just to make sure that it is no longer there, and the eradication is still viable, and we have mitigated the problem that way.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you. And you mentioned the Florida Department of Agriculture. Could you speak further to the relationship between the research and extension at the state level with regard to the eradication of these diseases?    Mr. El-Lissy. Absolutely. I think we are very fortunate that we continue to have a very strong relationship with the State Department of Agriculture in Florida, as well as the university and the research extension service. To give you a few examples of the collaborative work: Mr. Shea mentioned the Citrus HLB Program, one of the areas that is very, very important for us is the early detection of the disease. Through the collaborative work with the Agriculture Research Service in Florida, and the extension service, we have been able to train canines to detect HLB before the disease has been expressed on the tree itself, during the latency period, which we believe is going to be very important in managing the disease.    The same is true for eradicating fruit fly outbreaks in Florida and other places. With their support, we have been able to eradicate the oriental fruit fly down in south Florida.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. I am down to a couple of minutes. If I could, the high-path avian influenza is a big deal to, obviously, our poultry producers in Georgia. What types of interagency efforts are there to track and monitor the diseases in the wild bird population, which is where, in many cases, it is introduced to the poultry industry?    Mr. El-Lissy. Right. Very good, thank you. Absolutely. We have been working with Canada on coordinating our efforts in eradicating the plum pox virus in New York and Ontario. So far, we have been surveying for PPV in California. We have not detected any PPV in California, so we are in good shape that way.    With respect to stone fruit, we have been working with Mexico to ensure that we are able to continue to export stone fruit from California to Mexico without the overburden of inspection that Mexico had required in the past. And we are making very good progress there as well.