    Ms. Rutherford. Thank you all for being here today. It is wonderful to see your faces and to hear the questions that you asked Ambassador Jacobs. And I know each one of you really believes in this, and it gives us all a lot of hope. I really, really appreciate it.    I would like to thank all of you, Chairman Ed Royce, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee, who has worked on educating the public about my ordeal, and the distinguished members of the subcommittee, and these other gentlemen who I am just meeting today.    Thank you for the opportunity to address you today regarding international parental child abduction, or IPCA, and my ordeal as a parent separated from her children, and my commitment to getting my children back or to stay in this country, and working to educate judges and advocating on behalf of other parents.    My name is Kelly Rutherford, and I am U.S. citizen. My children were born in this country and are American citizens as well. They only hold U.S. passports. In 2012, at the ages of two and five, my children were ordered by a California Judge, Teresa Beaudet, to leave the United States and reside in France and Monaco, two countries where my children do not have citizenship and where they had never lived before.    My kids are here with me in the United States for 5 weeks this summer, and I would like to say I had to go to Monaco to have them give me that, because in my country no one seems to be claiming jurisdiction for my American children, including California, even though they sent them there.    They are currently required to return to Monaco 5 weeks from now, in August. I am testifying here in the hopes that you can help them and similarly situated children to remain in the United States.    If someone had told me when my children were born, which were the two most beautiful days of my life, that one day my children would be ordered by an American judge to leave the United States and live in a foreign country, I would have not believed it. I never thought that what has happened was possible in this country, and there are fellow Americans that come up to me on a daily basis expressing the same disbelief.    In 2008, my ex-husband and I both filed for divorce. We agreed at the time that California would have jurisdiction over the case, even though none of us were living in California at the time. I was under contract in New York to do Gossip Girl. I have since come to doubt whether it was proper for California to handle the case, because nobody in our family had lived there for a long time before the divorce was filed.    My ex-husband made no dispute over money as neither one of us sought support of any kind. The only dispute was over which parent would have primary custody. I assumed it would be me, because I had been the children's primary caregiver throughout their lives. This issue became an international controversy after my ex-husband left the United States before the custody decision was made, and then claimed, through his attorney, that he was unable to return to this country because his work visa had been revoked.    In support of that claim, my ex-husband gave the court a photocopy of a forwarded email that appeared to have been sent to him from the U.S. Embassy in Berlin. The judge took no steps to authenticate the email or contact Federal officials to determine whether the information was true, even though the email contained many irregularities. For example, it was signed by the U.S. Consulate in Berlin, and there is no Consulate in Berlin. There is only an Embassy.    The email also contained no date of visa issuance or visa revocation, both of which are required under Federal law. Despite the email's questionable authenticity, the judge accepted the documents as evidence, and based on that email alone, ruled that my children must leave their own country and reside with their father abroad.    For reasons that remain unclear today, to this day, the judge never asked my ex-husband why he needed a visa to enter the United States, given that he was a German citizen and Germans come to this country every day on passports alone for months at a time. Surely, my ex-husband could have exercised his parental rights in America by coming here on his passports as he did during our marriage, and just as I have used my U.S. passport to travel to France and Monaco over 70 times since 2012 to see my children.    By forcing my kids to leave the United States, the judge ignored my children's rights to live in their own country as granted by the Supreme Court's 1967 decision of Afroyim v. Rusk. And because my children were made to live in a country where they had no citizenship, the judge effectively rendered them nationless, because, as an expert witness explained to the California court, many countries, including Monaco, have provisions in their laws that allow them to reject American court orders and American law generally.    After living in Monaco for a period of time, my children were declared habitual residents of Monaco, subject only to the laws of Monaco. They have now lived there for 3 years. They said it was temporary. Under the UCCJEA, the habitual residence of a child, and not the child's citizenship, determines where they live. Though legal experts tell me that this aspect of the UCCJEA may be unconstitutional as habitual residency cannot trump U.S. citizenship. One of the things that I argued in court was that I would be willing to take the kids to see their Dad in Monaco and France every holiday and all summer until he figured out whatever his work visa situation was. And that was ignored, because then we wouldn't have this problem to begin with, because they would have stayed in their own country.    The judge said that even though the visit to France and Monaco was temporary that if my ex-husband did not obtain a new visa the children would automatically return to this country. I saw that ruling as a hopeful sign that, worst-case scenario, my children would return home in a year or so, either with their father, if he obtained a new visa, or without him, if he did not.    Much to my shock, when I returned to the California court in 2014 to ask that my children be ordered to come home because Max has done nothing to obtain a new visa, a fact that I confirmed through the State Department in 2014, the court denied my request and ruled that it had no authority to address my ex-husband's immigration efforts.    The court then questioned whether it even had jurisdiction anymore, given that nobody had lived in California for many years. This was a curious statement, considering that I had asked that the California court previously to relinquish jurisdiction said that the case would be handled in New York. This is before they were sent there. So we agreed to California jurisdiction because the California court refused to allow me to move the case to New York.    So here I was forced to litigate the case in California, which sent my children away in 2012, but it was now claiming it had no jurisdiction to fix the problem it had caused, and to this day that remains the same.    After that 2014 California ruling, I tried to have the children file their own case in the New York Federal Court, hoping the Federal Government would bring my children home, but that was unsuccessful as well, though we are now asking the Supreme Court to review the decision.    I went to Monaco earlier this year to object to jurisdiction there, and I went back to California again last week asking for the return of my children, but that California judge stated that if I don't live in California, he can't exercise jurisdiction for any purpose, including bringing the children home to America.    This case has developed a very strange legal vacuum where nobody in this country appears willing or able to do anything to help my American children home, bring them home, even though this is the country that sent them away. I can only see this as a legal kidnapping by a California judge, forcing my children to live abroad for so long that the other country seized control over their lives.    How could this be happening? I ask myself. I just ask each of you here today how it is possible that two American citizens have been ordered by their own Government to live in exile in a foreign country. I assume that many of you may have children, and can you only imagine a judge ordering you to put your 2-year-old child on a plane and sending them to live in a foreign country?    There are lots of great countries in the world, and I have traveled to Monaco many times. It is a beautiful, interesting place. But among the wonderful things about this country is that people have a right to choose whether to live here. My children did not choose to leave their own country. I and their court-appointed attorney in California chose for them to remain in the United States.    When they reach the age of maturity, if they want to live abroad, they can do so. Or if both parents make a private family decision to raise their children abroad, they can also do so. But my children are too young to make such a serious decision, and this was not a private family matter. This was a court order commanding my American children to leave the United States.    Congress could fix this problem and help many children and many others simply by codifying what the United States Supreme Court said in 1967, that ex-patriation can never be ordered by any court because choosing to live abroad is an individual right, not a government power. The Supreme Court explained in Afroyim that no right is more fundamental than American citizenship. So I ask all of you here today, aren't my children American citizens?    On behalf of my children, and all American children affected by similar court rulings from family courts all across the country, please do all that you can to make sure that no child is ever forced to leave this wonderful country.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Rutherford. My lawyer hasn't----    Ms. Rutherford . But I definitely think there needs to be things put in place. I mean, my case is a little different because it is court-sanctioned child abduction.    Ms. Rutherford. But a lot of the problem is, when the kids are over there, you can't just come get them and bring them back or you will be in trouble here. For instance, I can't just go get my kids, even though nobody is claiming jurisdiction, because I am still bound to the California court order, right? So it is not like I can just go get my kids and bring them back here and say, ``Okay. Somebody decide who has jurisdiction,'' because I can't go to either country. So you are in this vacuum.    I think it is the same with the kidnapping, where you can't just go to Japan and bring the kids back here either unless your country decides to protect you and you are a U.S. citizen. So maybe if we can at least ourselves go back and kidnap them back, and be protected by our own country somehow, that would be good.    Ms. Rutherford. We are willing to do it.    Ms. Rutherford . If our country won't, but we just need to be backed by our country saying, ``You did the right thing. We couldn't figure it out, but you as a parent figured it out, but we are going to back you, and your kids will stay here in the U.S.'' But there is that loophole, too, I think.    Ms. Rutherford. Ambassador Jacobs had helped--I had reached out to her a while ago, asking her to help in terms of just asking if my ex-husband had even reapplied for a visa. And they were helpful and wrote a letter saying, no, there was no application for him; he hadn't reapplied.    Beyond that, I think what I run up against is that most people see it as an ongoing litigation, or they refer to it as that. Nobody wants to get involved in that. They see it as a custody dispute, so they don't want to get involved in a custody dispute.    Ms. Rutherford. Well, I think in general the people that I have asked to reach out to the State Department and myself have gotten that response. And it is almost like domestic violence. You hit a kid on the street, it is a crime and you are in front of a jury. You hit your own kid in your own home, it is domestic violence. Same with your wife or husband or whatever.    Ms. Rutherford. It seemed it very differently when it is in family court than it is if it was in criminal court or another court. So I think it is that same gray area of there is no jury, there is no one sitting there, it is kind of this family thing, an ongoing dispute litigation thing.    And so it is not dealt with in the way that it should be in terms of immigration issues or criminal issues or all of this, because it is family. That seems to be the response I get is that they can't help me because there is this sort of family court, ongoing litigation kind of thing.    Ms. Rutherford. Is there something that can be put in place, like a Web site or something, and maybe we need to do this ourselves, where people can report how often this is happening, because it has been a long road for all of us to sit in front of you here. And I know that for most parents that don't have the resources certainly that I have had and still had to deal with this, I mean, I don't even know what they do or how they get here.    But is there a place where these things are being reported?    Ms. Rutherford. Okay.    Ms. Rutherford. So I am just trying to understand this. So the State Department is saying that there are zero reports of kids being kidnapped in Japan?    Ms. Rutherford. Right.    Ms. Rutherford. Right. So facts and figures are everything, obviously, to all of these people. So how do we get all these facts and figures? Because I have people stopping me on the street daily, so--and I don't think that people really know where to go and report these things. And it is more specific, so I think people think, ``Oh, that may be a little different than my case,'' but certainly my case is different than that.    Ms. Rutherford. Right.    Ms. Rutherford. Just so we have some numbers, right, that are undeniable?    Ms. Rutherford. Well, it depends on how those are aggregated. I mean, depending on where they are getting their information, there is going to be a dispute. But even if you just say, okay, let us round it off, this is probably a good estimation of how often it is happening, because I know the facts and figures are the most important, it seems, to everyone. So----    Ms. Rutherford. Well, I mean, you know what I am saying. Just say if this many people have reported it, we may not know their individual stories, but if that many people are--you guys have to go vote again.    Ms. Rutherford. Right.    Ms. Rutherford. I signed those waivers, and they got the same response that I did from my representative. So it didn't matter whether they reached out or I reached out. So it would be good to get the number here.