    Secretary Burwell. Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the Committee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the President's budget for the Department of Health and Human Services today.    As many of you know, I believe all of us share common interests and that we can find common ground. In recent legislative sessions, this committee took important steps to strengthen our workforce and open the doors to new early learning opportunities. Thank you for your leadership in passing the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act and the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 2014. We look forward to working with you on both of these in the year ahead.    The budget before you today is the final budget for this administration and my final budget as Secretary. It makes critical investments to protect the health and well-being of the American people. It helps ensure that we can do our job to keep people safe and healthy, accelerates our progress in scientific research and medical innovation, expands and strengthens our health care system, and helps us continue to be responsible stewards of the taxpayers' dollars.    For HHS, the budget proposal is $82.8 billion in discretionary budget authority. Our request recognizes the constraints in our budget environment and includes targeted reforms to Medicare, Medicaid, and other programs. Over the next 10 years, these reforms to Medicare would result in net savings of $419 billion.    Let me start with an issue we have been working on here at home and abroad, and as we work aggressively to combat the spread of Zika. The administration is requesting $1.9 billion in emergency funding, including $1.5 billion for the Department of Health and Human Services. We appreciate Congress' consideration of this important request. This funding will help us implement the essential strategies to prevent, detect, and respond to this virus, with a focus on reducing the risks to pregnant woman.    I know the rise of opioid misuse, abuse, and overdose has affected many of your constituents. Every day in America, 78 people die of opioid related deaths, and that is why this budget proposes significant funding, over $1 billion, to combat the opioid epidemic.    Research shows that early learning programs, as the Chairman mentioned, can set a course for a child's success throughout their life. That is why over the course of this administration, together with congressional support, we have more than doubled access to early Head Start services for infants and toddlers.    Our budget proposes a total of $9.6 billion to the Head Start program and an investment in child care services that would allow us to serve over 2.6 million children. Beyond this budget, for the children in Flint, Michigan, we have already announced $3.6 million, as Mr. Scott mentioned, in one-time emergency for Head Start money.    With these funds, they can expand early childhood education, behavioral health services, and other vital nutrition services. Today, too many of our Nation's children and adults with diagnosable mental health disorders do not receive the treatment they need. So, this budget proposes $780 million in new mandatory and discretionary resources over the next two years to close that gap.    While we invest in the safety and health of Americans today, we must also relentlessly push forward on the frontiers of science and medicine. This budget invests in the Vice President's cancer initiative. Today, we are entering a new era in medical science. With proposed increases of $107 million for the precision medicine initiative and $45 million for the administration's BRAIN initiative; we can continue this progress.    In order for Americans to benefit from our recent breakthroughs in medical science, we need to ensure that all Americans have access to quality affordable health care. The Affordable Care Act has helped us make historic progress. Today, more than 90 percent of Americans have health coverage--the first time in our Nation's history that has been true.    The budget seeks to build on that progress by improving the quality of care that patients receive and spending dollars more wisely. It proposes investments to improve the access to care for underserved groups across the United States, including many in rural communities, with $5.1 billion in health center funding and nearly $14 billion over the next decade for our Nation's health care workforce.    By advancing and improving the way we pay doctors, coordinate care, and use health data and information, we build a better, smarter system.    Finally, I want to thank the employees of HHS. In the past year, they fought Ebola in West Africa, helped millions gain health coverage, and have done the quiet day-to-day work that makes our Nation healthier and stronger. I am honored to be a part of the team, and as members of this committee know, I am personally committed to working closely with you and your staff to find common ground to deliver for the American people.    Thank you.    Secretary Burwell. So, when these issues were raised, some of the issues raised in the Reuters' articles, we have gone and followed up on the examples that were raised, and right now, the State of South Carolina is being put on a performance improvement plan. So, specific actions are being taken where we have found there is wrongdoing. That is in terms of when things are brought to our attention.    As part of this process of review, we also put in place a different process to review what the States are saying. When they say they have a plan, in this next year's round, we will be asking for more details of those plans, so we can understand that the States actually have something that is a workable plan. So, we have taken steps in terms of where we understand there is something wrong and trying to get in front of it by making sure that we do a different process with regard to review of the plan.    The other thing I would just say is it will be an important part of the Administration for Children and Families as we review their budget.    Secretary Burwell. It is a change.    Secretary Burwell. Which is why we have taken that step to do it in a more proactive fashion with the proposal, so we will look forward to the Committee's support for the Administration for Children and Families as a part of the budget process that we are able to enforce and do, I think, what the Committee rightfully is raising.    Secretary Burwell. So, the transition by statute will occur in 2017, not in this fiscal year. Right now, we are working with our colleagues at the Department of Education to actually formulize the relationship between us. We are going to do an MOU, a Memorandum of Understanding, to formalize the way we incorporate the best practices from Education and their input, as we integrate this program into the continuum.    I think you know at the Department, we have home visiting. We have early childhood. We have early Head Start. We have this program. We will integrate across that continuum, having the Department of Education be a contributor, and we decided to formalize the relationship.    Secretary Burwell. So, we have some of the lowest levels of Medicare growth on record that we have had since the passage of the ACA and the implementation. So, that has been a very important part. We have seen four of the five lowest years of growth in Medicare spending, and that is important for the taxpayer and for the Federal budget.    With regard to employer-based care, and that is the care that the vast majority of Americans have in this country, last year, the increase in employer-based care was around 4.2 percent in terms of the premiums. When we look at the period from 2000 to 2010, that number was 7.6. So, what we see is a decrease in the premium growth costs for those in the employer system.    With regard to the marketplace itself and the individual market, last year in the marketplace, the premium increases averaged in about the 7 percent range, and what we know is before the Affordable Care Act, in the individual market, premium increases were regularly in the double digit space.    So, whether one is looking at employer-based care, Medicare, which I know we are all concerned about from a taxpayer perspective, or looking at the marketplace itself, what you see is slowing in the growth of health care costs. It brings us to slowing but still increasing, and that is why I believe we need to spend a lot of time on delivery system reform and reforming the way we provide quality care at more affordable prices. I hope we will be able to talk about that some today.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to the preexisting, and I think this gets to the quality portion of what I was just talking about, in the system today, and I think everyone in this room knows someone who has had cancer or has asthma or some other condition, for all of those individuals, they no longer need to worry that they will either be cut off from their care or not be able to access the care.    I have had the opportunity to travel around the country and meet those people who previously did not have that opportunity. Making sure that those with preexisting conditions can no longer be discriminated against is a very important part of the progress on quality of care that we have seen.    Secretary Burwell. No. They are neither kept out nor do they pay extra in terms of what they would pay in their premiums.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to how that impacts those who have insurance, it comes in the form of uncompensated costs. So, the work that we have done--we have seen about a $7.8 billion reduction in uncompensated costs since the passage of the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. The vast majority of those benefits are going to the States that have expanded Medicaid. What that means is that reduction in uncompensated care gets translated through the system, and it gets translated through the system to individuals and to hospitals and communities.    We know that now in terms of rural hospital closures, which are something many are concerned about, we see more of those rural hospital closures in States that have not expanded. This is because of the uncompensated care issue. It flows to individuals. It flows to communities, and it flows to hospitals.    Secretary Burwell. So, the President asked that the Department of Health and Human Services lead the Federal response, which we are doing. So, we are coordinating the response of FEMA delivering water, SBA making sure that loans can get through, HUD helping housing get different pipes into public housing, and then the work we are doing.    You mentioned our Medicaid expansion, as well as our Head Start work. The Head Start work, we have done a $3.6 million addition to expand both coverage and services, and that is because a lot of what you do to mitigate lead has to do with education and nutrition.    Our colleagues at USDA are working very closely with us as well on the nutrition component, and put in place an ability for mothers to use WIC money to do formula that was not water based, because obviously that was a problem for those children focused on 0 to 6.    Secretary Burwell. Yes, it does, and I hope we will have more time to discuss Zika. I just got the report today, and for U.S. citizens, there were over 450 million cases, and I hope we will have an opportunity to discuss that more.    Secretary Burwell. I want to understand exactly what the regulations and laws are, I apologize, this is one I am not familiar with, I want to look into it, and we will get back to you in terms of how we think about that issue.    Secretary Burwell. I think what we have tried to do is hear the concerns that have been expressed, and I think you know in the rulemaking that we recently put out, we were working to also include the legislation you all recently gave us on MACRA, and transferring to that system that we have been given legislatively to work through.    So, working to make sure that we can get to the place where we are listening to providers--    Secretary Burwell. So, the Medicaid expansion issue, I think, has two different elements to it. It has the element of the individual, and it is about providing financial and health security for the individual.    In the State of Texas, over 40 percent of those who would be eligible are working folks, so for many working people, making sure they can have both that financial and health security is a very important thing to their individual well-being.    Separately, there is the issue of what it means economically to hospitals and to the States. We know that in the State of Kentucky, what we have seen in terms of an analysis by Deloitte as well as the University of Louisville, that until 2021, 40,000 new jobs would be created in Kentucky, and $30 billion would flow into the State of Kentucky.    So, it is an economic issue in a broader sense, but it is also about the individuals and how their lives can be changed, and certainly as you reflect, we have a budget proposal to try and keep encouraging States to come in.    Secretary Burwell. So, Head Start, and I think you know I am a Head Start kid, it has been a successful program for many years, and certainly not just my professional opinion but my personal opinion, but the issue of the intergenerational part of this, and Mr. Scott referenced it in his opening testimony, is an essential part, and it is essential both to get the full benefit of the program, and as we work forward, that is some of the changes in the proposed rule.    It is everything from making it easier--in the current rule that is there, one-third of some of the requirements are cut out, in trying to get to simplification, to make things easier for parents and easier for providers, so they can engage and participate.    As a parent of a 6 and 8 year old, I am very clear about the engagement and what it means in terms of children's well-being, and also having quality places for your children to be in terms of your ability to focus on your work.    So, it is about--    Secretary Burwell. With regard to the DACA issues, I am afraid I will most likely need to defer to my colleagues at Justice and DHS, who are much more engaged in those issues.    With regard to the programs that are available, I think you know that the health centers throughout the Department are an important part of health care for people who do not have coverage or coverage access any other way.    Secretary Burwell. So, open enrollment, I would just remind everyone, November 1 through the end of January next year, and preparing for that open enrollment is a very important thing because it is about the communities' engagement.    Having visited communities all over the country, what I see are stakeholder groups and groups that have come together. The hospitals, the insurers, all kinds of local community groups come together and make sure that the information is there, and that people have a place to go.    I have visited in the State of Texas. There is some great United Way 2-1-1, you just dial 2-1-1 and you are able to get that kind of access.    Secretary Burwell. Thank you.    Secretary Burwell. We believe that our reading of the law is accurate and correct. As we put out--    Secretary Burwell. Yes. What we did was we actually put out our reading of the law in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for public comment. We put out our logic. We put out our reasoning to the public to review our proposal, not in an interim final rule, but in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, so we could have comments.    A wide range of groups commented on our rule, as is regular practice. No one raised any concerns--    Secretary Burwell. What I am suggesting is that we believe our reading is accurate. The public had an opportunity to point out if they thought it was inaccurate. That was not done. We believe that our reading of the law is accurate.    Secretary Burwell. Congressman, I would like to reflect that what I said was we have put out our legal argument. I understand and respect there is a disagreement in the interpretation of the law.    What I was saying is we have articulated why we believe our reading of the law is correct, not only have we articulated that through communication, we did it in a very public way. We believe our reading of the law is correct, and I would also reflect that with regard to this, and this particular issue, there have been 71 IG and GAO investigations in terms of the question that you are raising.    We are working hard to implement the law. There are thirty open, there have been over 100 examinations. With regard to what I am hopeful for is that we can get to the place where we can have the conversations about how to control costs and improve quality in this country in our health care system. That is what we are working to do.    Secretary Burwell. So, as part of our Head Start rulemaking right now, it is an open rulemaking, so with regard to what the conclusion will be, it is not something I can comment on. At this point in time, we are reviewing a number of comments in different places.    It does get, I think, to a little bit of the chairman's comment at the beginning, about making sure we are continuing to make strides, so that the benefits of these programs are known for the children in the short-term as well as the long-term, in terms of that third grade level and some of the research that we have seen.    One of the suggestions out of that research that had some questions was the question of lengthening of time, that time there makes a difference to the child's ability to gain and retain what they need in order to build the building blocks, especially at that critical point in the third grade where we really need them reading in a way that it will take off, because then they are using the reading for learning when they get to the third grade.    So, the time issue is related to the quality issue that the Chairman had raised earlier.    Secretary Burwell. I think it has two elements to it, as we continue to think about the issue of making sure there is flexibility for those children, but also working deeply on the issue of homelessness as well, so that you are addressing the problem for those that are, but taking on that issue.    At the beginning of this year, I became the chair of the United States Government's Interagency Council on Homelessness, and because of the work that we actually share, this committee and the Department, we will be focusing on youth homelessness as one of the main priorities.    We will continue the work on veterans' homelessness because great progress has been made, but we want to take that next step. So, working on flexibility within the programs but also trying to get to the root of the issue, we will engage in.    Secretary Burwell. You know, I think this is a place where different States are going to use different tools based on their problems and their approach to those problems. This is also a place where our regional offices are engaging directly with the communities.    Secretary Burwell. You know, I apologize, but I am going to need to defer to my colleague at the Department of Education with regard to how those measures would be done in schools. I apologize.    Our role, I think you know, is with the parents as they come in terms of the Office of Refugee Resettlement. So, I apologize, but we can get that to my colleague.    Secretary Burwell. You know, with regard to our role, I think one of the things that we can do is make sure that those transitions of the individuals--the Office of Refugee Resettlement, which is a part of HHS--the thing that I think we can do is make those resettlements as successful as possible.    Part of that success, I think, is making sure they become employed members of communities. At that point, our contribution can be making sure they are engaged, employed, and contributing members of the community in terms of employment and taxes, so that then is a part of the regular system.    With regard to other issues, again, I will defer to my colleague at Education.    Secretary Burwell. I am not familiar that they can, but why do we not go back and check, and I am happy to get back to you on that issue.    Secretary Burwell. Thank you.    Secretary Burwell. So, the issue of the treatment and treatment opportunities, that is the biggest part of the money, the $1 billion that we have asked for. It is about treatment.    I think all of you know in your communities as you visit, behavioral health is something that was paid for at the community level, and so it has never been built up, and now we have a very acute problem with people dying but as your law enforcement reflect, every law enforcement I talk to, they tell you I am not a social worker or a health worker, so that is why it is so critically important that we get funds to move, because those funds move to the States and the communities--    Secretary Burwell. To get that treatment. The other parts are very important, but without the treatment, we now have a bolus of people who are addicted, sadly. I wish that was not the case. We need to prevent any more, but we have to take care of that which we have.    Right now, Narcan or preventing an overdose death is not the only solution. If people are in medication assisted treatment, we can make progress. That is why we are pushing hard. We appreciate your leadership and others in terms of trying to make sure we get that funding for the treatment. Funding will also go to other issues, as to Naloxone, getting access to people, because not all--I am sure you hear this in your communities--not everybody in terms of first responders have access.    We also have work at FDA. They have approved a nasal approach which will be easier for others to use that do not have to be a trained first responder to do that.    So, we will work across, but the money for treatment, which I think is what you are focused on right now, is an essential part of getting to another place in this crisis.    Secretary Burwell. Yes. The fire alarm, this is a seven alarm fire and we sent one department. We need seven or eight others to get to the real issues and the problem.    Secretary Burwell. Yes, and thank you for your leadership in terms of the reauthorization, we think it is important to continue. I think what you are reflecting is we need to make sure we maintain the flexibility for States because it is in very wide variance in terms of what it means to serve that community and serve that community well.    So, we want to continue. We think the reauthorization does not need major changes, but some small changes that can help us with making sure we are using the best data and evidence that we have, which is based on some of our learnings that different things are working in different places, and keep that flexibility in place.    I think you know in this budget that is before us, even without the reauthorization, we have some funding increases in particularized areas, and whether that is protecting against elder abuse and how that is done in rural areas versus urban areas, protecting in that space as well as some of the food programs that you mentioned, but we want to work across the spectrum of needs and work with those communities on what their priorities are.    Secretary Burwell. So, one of the things that is important in both the employer-based market as well as the individual market is the fact that the Affordable Care Act actually put out-of-pocket caps in terms of what people will spend, and that is another important benefit getting to quality and affordability that we have not touched on, and I think that is important.    With regard to the other issues in terms of the Affordable Care Act and the steps it is taking to work on places where I think it is fair to say that in our country there are pockets, such as that you have described, and in some cases, States, such as the State of Alaska, where a market is not working in terms of creating the amount of competition either in providers or insurance companies to put downward pressure on price.    I think a part of that is why some of the changes that came in the Affordable Care Act that help us with delivery system reform and some of the work we are doing in the innovation centers to create models that people can use to have that downward pressure.    So, there are two parts to it. It is focusing on specific markets themselves where the problems exist, but then overall, as a Nation, figuring out the steps we need to take to put that downward pressure, and our Accountable Care Organizations, we have already seen hundreds of millions of dollars of savings, and while the statutory level that you all gave us is very high to meet success before one can replicate, we have met that, and are now in a phase two of that.    So, it is about regional and retail strategy, and then a strategy across the Nation.    Secretary Burwell. I will have to go and check. I think--I will check.    Secretary Burwell. I do not want to give you an incorrect answer, so we will come back on that.    Secretary Burwell. Out of our conversation last year, this is something that we have followed up on, and are issuing hopefully clearer guidance. I think we believe it is possible and people can do it, but clearly, I think as you reflect, people do not understand that charters can do it, so we are issuing guidance to make that clearer, and then we will work to implement that so people can know what process they need to do to do it, because we think it is quite possible and people can do it.    Secretary Burwell. Because it is an open rulemaking process, we will not be able to talk about the specifics of the final rule, but a rule that is very important. I think you probably know that 1557 we were implementing before, but it had been five years.    Secretary Burwell. Yes.    Secretary Burwell. Correct.    Secretary Burwell. The research on pain and pain treatment, I think, is an important part of the solution. I think when we look at the steps that we need to take to push back on many of the statistics you articulated, number one, we need to change prescribing practices, because that is how many folks are getting the prescription, and then that is sometimes a transfer to heroin itself. I think you were referring to both. We need to work on the medication assisted treatment, and we need to get access to Naloxone.    With regard to the research issues, at NIH, there are two parts to this, and one part is making sure that we are researching pain issues as well as the treatment of pain, and this is a space where I actually work with my colleague at the Department of VA, because they have much of the research and are doing some of the advances. As you articulated, it is a pool of people, sadly, who have these issues in terms of pain.    So, we are working on it there. We are working on it at NIH, and with regard to FDA, what we are trying to do is speed along the process for those that can find drugs that are not opioid based in terms of pain, as well as those that are tamper-resistant. Those are some of the changes we most recently made at FDA.    Secretary Burwell. So, our proposal is a proposal that we hope will address the issue of a cliff and not create further cliffs with regard to putting in place a proposal that will transfer away from a cap and create matches that are more aligned with the matches that other Americans receive, at the same time, the proposal includes steps to make sure that there are reforms and governance is put in place.    So, it would happen over a period of time where steps would have to be met in order for the changes to occur. It is a proposal both about getting out of where we have a cliff and the problems that you have described in terms of the need, but do it in a way that is also encouraging high quality Medicaid performance and program integrity.    So, the proposal combines those two things. We believe it is a reasonable and a very needed proposal, and we should get ahead of this issue, and that is why we have it in our budget.    Secretary Burwell. So, with regard to the Senate report --I take the issues of program integrity and budgets very seriously. You probably know, it was during the years that I was at OMB that we actually had balanced budgets, close to the only time during my lifetime. So I take these issues of program integrity very seriously.    With regard to the Senate report, I think what the Senate report reflects and says is that they were not able to provide--they did not provide--the documentation, we do not know whether they did or did not.    I think with regard to the program integrity that you raised, as one looks at what happened in the first year of the Affordable Care Act, and there were about 250,000 people who were taken off last year, in terms of changes, both immigration and income, 1.6 million people in terms of when we reviewed and we were not able to receive the documentation, not knowing whether they could or could not, and that was both for immigration, the immigration number is about 500, and the other number is about--    Secretary Burwell. It is a 90-day period which is given by statute.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to that, that is the regular tax process. For any of these individuals, what will happen is they will owe those in taxes, in terms of reconciling, so the IRS in its processes--    Secretary Burwell. So, what will happen is when they go in, this will be reconciled through the IRS process. That is the way the enforcement will occur because it is a tax matter, so it occurs on the IRS side of the house.    Secretary Burwell. I will just quickly say I think there are two elements. It is about what it means for the individuals in terms of these programs we know are making a difference in terms of supporting people to be able to have care at home, if that is what is appropriate for them. So, it is about the individual.    It is also about the economics as well, in terms of the success of these programs contributes economically.    Secretary Burwell. Some of the limitations are the fact that the areas of science do not work together, and you actually need an engineer to help deliver through the system. A biologist figures out what it needs, but an engineer actually delivers the delivery mechanism, and we have not broken down those silos as we think about the science. I think it can help with that.    The other thing I think it can help with is data and information, because one of the things, and this is part of what precision medicine is about, making sure data and information can be widely accessed in safe, secure ways. That is both about privacy and cybersecurity. That information can be used widely and broadly to discover and understand more quickly.    It also in the end will save costs because how one accesses information for trials will become easier and less costly, which is a very important cost element to drugs.    Secretary Burwell. An extremely important part, and the Center for Disease Control and Prevention will be issuing new prescriber guidelines in terms of the issue of how we can talk about these issues and think about these issues.    One of the problems is many physicians say I do not know, I was not trained in this way. We want to get those out and make sure people are using those. When you think that over 250 million prescriptions a year for opioids, we know we do not need that many as a country, so prescribing is an issue, so we are going to target that as an issue, get out new guidelines, and then we need to probably work with the Congress to make sure those guidelines are used.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to the question of the reinsurance program, I think it is actually important to focus on what the substance of this program is about, and the substance of this is an issue that we have actually talked about in a number of places, which is pressure on costs, and you were indicating another space, in terms of this is about putting downward pressure on costs by creating an ability for the issuers in a new market.    This is one of the transitional programs, and there are no plans to extend it beyond.    Secretary Burwell. We have no plans to change our reinsurance time table that was set out. Risk adjustment is the only program that will continue beyond right now.    Secretary Burwell. I am being very clear, we have no plans. We just issued our rulemakings - our Proposed Notice, a Payment Notice--there is nothing that indicates anything that we do other than where we are.    Secretary Burwell. I do know.    Secretary Burwell. We have seen no evidence, and we have continued the recovery in terms of involuntary part-time employment. The involuntary part-time employment increased as part of the recession, but we continue to see progress and a normal recovery, so there are no analytics that show there has been an impact in terms of part-time work.    Secretary Burwell. I think the Affordable Care Act together with the Mental Health Parity Act are the two most important steps we can make as a Nation to get parity in this space.    Secretary Burwell. High cost drugs is a priority, and there are a number of elements in the budget we think would help address it.    Secretary Burwell. So, we did, and appreciate that, and appreciate the letter you have sent. We are in an open comment period, so welcome the comments and the concerns. We did consider this issue.    We actually looked to our experience when we did this change in Part D. We did not see the impact that folks are saying could happen. We did not see that impact occur. We, like you, want to make sure affordability is an important part of it in our work, but we try to balance affordability for the individual as well as affordability for the taxpayer with the Medicare dollars, and feel it is a proposal that meets those, but we want to continue to hear the comments and see if there is something that would distinguish it from the experience we previously had.    Secretary Burwell. Probably because it is a part of the comment and the rulemaking process, most likely we took it in as a formal comment, but I am not sure how they did it, whether it was in the form of a letter or a comment. I do not know specifically, but it will most likely be a part of the record for the comment period.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to this population, which as you articulated has a higher level of challenges than other parts of our elderly populations as a nation, there have been a number of steps that we as an entire department have taken in this space.    I think you are familiar with our LGBT Coordinating Committee, which is a part of what has led to another thing that will be coming to fruition, which I think is a very important part of understanding the problem better, which is data collection, a five-year data collection, that will be targeted, so we can better understand the specifics of both what is happening in terms of the results, but what is causing many of the things you talked about in terms of the discrepancies that we see among the elderly.    The third piece that I would actually mention is we have created a National Resource Center, specifically focused on LGBT issues, for communities to access so they can find out information and better serve the community.    So, we are going to continue to work on these issues, appreciate your leadership, and look forward to continuing with the things you think we can do more in this space.    Secretary Burwell. I am sure that we and our team can figure out how we can do that and the best way to get action taken.    Secretary Burwell. So, it has a number of different elements. You mentioned one in terms of the National Health Service Corps and our emphasis on the National Health Service Corps, and building that up, and continuing to add members to the Corps.    In addition, the funding that we do for HRSA, our Health Resources Services Administration, is another important part of making sure that we are building up a Corps.    I think the other thing is how we do the policies. Our graduate medical education funding proposal, we actually shifted to the mandatory side because we believe that funding should be a dependable, continual part of funding, so we are encouraging people to go into these fields and know they will have an ability to have help with their loans.    The other thing that I would mention is the focus on primary care, because we believe that is at the center and core of transitioning our system to where people have primary care homes.    So, it is both in policy and funding across the Department that we are working on the issue of making sure we have enough health providers.    The other thing is people at the top of their licenses, right now, we want to make sure there is more access for nurses and others to be able to do certain types of functions, and lastly, telemedicine. There are three proposals on that.    Secretary Burwell. I am sorry. That was me, sorry.    Secretary Burwell. Thank you.    Secretary Burwell. There are Medicaid proposals as well as Medicare proposals.    Secretary Burwell. Yes.    Secretary Burwell. Savings. The effect is savings, $419 billion for Medicare, Medicaid, and other areas.    Secretary Burwell. That is right.    Secretary Burwell. We pay for our child care. We pay for the other mandatory issues, so we pay for. That is the savings in that space, the entitlement space. We use some of that for savings and we use some of that to do things like fund child care.    Secretary Burwell. Medicare or Medicaid?    Secretary Burwell. Medicaid spending. With regard to some of the proposals in the Medicaid space, one of the proposals, and I will have to see if this is one of the ones that scores into those numbers, but what we want to do is work with States so they can do purchasing for drugs together, help States do combined purchasing, which can drive down Medicaid costs for them and for us. That one, I have to check to see if it is one of the scorable ones, but those are the types of things that we are looking at.    Secretary Burwell. So, I think the question of capping Medicaid--the concerns we have with it are front and center right now in Puerto Rico, where we have almost 250 cases of Zika, we have over 10 cases of pregnant women who have tested for Zika, and you have a situation where you have a population whose needs were not being met before this started, and then you have a situation like Zika layered on top.    So, having a program that is about the ability to be flexible with the needs of the people, to meet the needs, what--    Secretary Burwell. I hope that is an expression of support for our Zika sup----    Secretary Burwell. I think in terms of that number, that is the projected growth, the amount of the projected growth, the--    Secretary Burwell. With regard to the specifics, I apologize, I am just--    Secretary Burwell. So, with regard to the fighting it in the here and now, a couple of elements and steps. One is you are right, because what happens is--I heard a story this past week of a young person at Cornell, an athlete injury, got on the opioids, overdosed and is dead.    So, there is special need especially because of these athletic injuries, this gets to the prescribing guidelines, and making sure there are alternative approaches to helping these students and young people through their pain and their athletic injuries. That is one whole category.    There is another category that we know sadly that while I think people think alcohol is an okay alternative for these young people, it is not, because I think what we know is that is a gateway often to the prescription. Those that are participating in those activities are more likely as they get older to participate in other activities.    That is the here and now and things we need to focus on. The research that we need to do with regard to the question of opioids across the board is a broad part of the research. The questions of does it help for long-term pain and acute pain, that sort of thing, and making sure we are thinking about young people as we do the research is a more longer term issue but one we need to focus on.    Secretary Burwell. So, three fundamental things as part of the strategy. Number one, a deep focus on pregnant women because of the concerns around microcephaly, and the very extreme birth defects that can occur with women who have Zika while they are pregnant.    Number two, communication, making sure we are reaching as many people as possible who are either traveling to that region or have a partner who has traveled to the region, because we know sexual transmission is possible. So, communicating about the guidelines as much as we know as quickly as we know.    And number three is making sure that we are focused on the research that we need to do to understand more about the disease, including how to do better vector control. This is a disease that is spread by a mosquito that can bite four people in one setting. It is an indoor mosquito. It can breed in a capful of water. It is a very difficult mosquito to control.    We are continuing to use best practices, but more research on the disease, on the vaccine, and the vector need to be done.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to where that would occur, it would occur in HRSA, the Health Resources Services Administration, which are the clinics that we fund directly, and there are stringent guidelines with regard to that, that the clinics both know and are educated on, so it is not just a matter of telling the clinics, it is a matter of HRSA making sure they know and understand what those guidelines are so we can follow them.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to the specifics of how that goes, I will come back to you.    Secretary Burwell. With regard to either approach, I think it is about a State's choice and a decision in terms of whether or not they want to do the setup of the piece that will attach their consumer to their ability to access it.    In Kentucky, it is a system that is a well-integrated system that helps with and creates efficiencies for both their CHIP and Medicaid. I think they decided to do it because it creates that. Other States choose not to and use the Federal marketplace.    Either way can work as a system. We just want to work with States to do what is their preference as a State.    Secretary Burwell. Thank you.    Secretary Burwell. So, while we have made great progress in terms of communities of color, 3 million uninsured reduction in the African American community, 4 million in the Latino community, we know that the uninsured rates are still disproportionately high. We know that if Medicaid expansion occurs, that a disproportionate number of folks that are minorities will be covered.    So, we are excited to continue pushing and pushing hard because we think it will have a disproportionate benefit to communities of color.    Secretary Burwell. So, what we know, and the University of Louisville together with Deloitte has done a piece of work and a piece of research on their work and their expansion, and it led to the creation--it would lead to the creation by 2021 of 40,000 jobs, as well as $30 billion flowing into the State.    We know we see reductions in uncompensated care for hospitals and communities across the State when expansion occurs. It is about the individual, but it is also about the economic impact.    Secretary Burwell. One of the things we do during open enrollment, and I had the opportunity to spend a lot of time in your State, have gone to every place from beauty salons to barber shops, because we need to meet people where there are trusted voices.    In Texas, actually in all States, we do second Sunday, where on Sundays, we work with the faith communities across the States to help people get information that is important information from trusted voices.    Secretary Burwell. So, we do not have any guidance out preventing that, so maybe I can follow up with your staff to understand, that our team can follow up to understand. We welcome the input on the guidance on the issue.    It does not exist, so right now, compounding should be occurring.    Secretary Burwell. There is not a problem in terms of any guidance or any rules about it right now.    Secretary Burwell. In the doctor's office?    Secretary Burwell. It is my understanding that is able to be done--if there is something that is happening that is not, that is why I would like to follow up because what you are articulating is not my understanding. Let's understand.    Secretary Burwell. Is it a State issue or something else or maybe we are not communicating.    Secretary Burwell. And we would like your input on any guidance that we would do in this space.    Secretary Burwell. So, across the board in terms of our tools, it is our community clinics that we have talked about. It is the CDC, as you mentioned. It is also our funding in terms of access through Title X. Those are three different ways we do that.    Also, some of the most vulnerable that you are talking about are through our minority health issues as well, so that is the other place I would mention that we work on these issues.    Secretary Burwell. There is $54 million in minority health for HIV specifically proposed in our budget that we will hope will continue these efforts and work with those Southern States that have a disproportionate number, like North Carolina.    Secretary Burwell. It is a trend line that started before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, and it is a trend line that has a number of different elements that contributed to it, and I think as you articulated, as you described your district, the issues of population density, the issue of providers being willing to go to places where there is not a lot of population density in terms of their choices they make, as well as one of the contributors I think we do see is uncompensated care in the form of Medicaid expansion.    So, we do see a difference in the places where it has expanded, and the number of hospitals that are closing. We see a reduction in that because of the reduction in uncompensated care.