    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate the chair and the ranking member supporting the amendment that I have offered. I would like to speak briefly about the amendment and underlying bill in the next few minutes. The underlying bill, when we think of Iran, we always need to think of North Korea, and when we think of North Korea, we need to think of Iran. They are working together. One has nuclear capability; the other has weapons, and they are, in my opinion, wanting to trade off each other's facilities or knowledge so that they could both be worse than they are individually.    Iran calls North Korea a member of their Axis of Resistance. They are really, I think, an axis of world terror. North Korea, their new President Kim Jong-un, I don't know if the chairman remembers this, but he made a statement--I think it was last year--that he is excited about getting nuclear weapons and wants to send his first intercontinental ballistic missile to Austin, Texas. I don't know why he picked Austin, but I am offended by that. I take it real personal that he would want to----    Mr. Poe. University of Texas. Sir?    Mr. Poe. I am the reason. I don't know about that, but, anyway, I think we should take them seriously about their world-domination goals and always think of both of them working together, which leads to the amendment. The amendment is very simple. It requires that the President submit a report stating the cooperation between Iran and their buddies over in North Korea on their nuclear program and what is taking place between the two. And that is a loophole, I think, in the ongoing nuclear talks with Iran, and we need to encourage the administration to give us information about what Iran and North Korea are doing together in their nuclear weapon development.    So once again, I think we should support the bill. I appreciate the chairman and the ranking member for bringing this up. We need to focus America's attention on both of these axes of terror and immediately approve this legislation but require that the administration continue to tell Congress what is taking place between these two world threats. And I yield back the balance of my time.