    Mr. Flores. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Stanislaus, thank you for joining us today.    I want to give you a quote in the answer to the question about having multiple opinions of judges determine how the enforcement is carried out. You said, ``We don't anticipate any issues in that regard.''    I will tell you, from a real-world perspective, any time that you don't have the right type of rulemaking, you will have that instability, if you will, in the real world in terms of the enforcement process. And not only could you have it among the States, you could have it within a State, because you have multiple district judges that will make their own technical opinion. So I urge you to keep that under consideration as you move forward.    This gets into the law, if you will, and that is, in terms of legacy sites, walk us through how the EPA believes that it has the authority to regulate legacy sites. And, in particular, I would need the specific reference to RCRA, if that is what you are relying upon to make the rules.    Mr. Flores. OK.    Let's take that to the next step, when you are talking about those particular impoundments. When you proposed the application of location restrictions to existing surface impoundments, the EPA acknowledged that these location restrictions would force a majority of the current impoundments to close.    And so do you have an estimate of how many will close? And moving further upstream from those closures, what sort of reliability issues could be imposed on our grid?    Mr. Flores. OK. I think that would be important, because I think in your rule you acknowledge that it will cause a majority of these to close, and I think that creates an issue in terms of reliability.    Mr. Flores. OK.    And then, to the extent that an operator grants itself an extension, what do you think the impact will be in terms of citizen lawsuits and let's just say the instability or the lack of clarity that that causes for an operator?    Mr. Flores. OK. And, therefore, no citizen litigation would follow, then. Is that----    Mr. Flores. OK.    Mr. Chairman, thank you. I yield back.