    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, thanks to you and your team for the outstanding work and service to our country. As you can tell probably from some of the questions from the chairman and ranking member that the Maritime Security Program is something on our minds, very keen that many of us are concerned that if we don't pay attention to this program, not something that probably a lot of people in America know much about, probably don't care much about. But if the wrong thing happens and some conflict breaks out and we don't have the proper infrastructure, we are in pretty serious--pretty serious problems.    So you have talked a little bit about it, you have answered some of the chairman and the ranking member's questions, but is there anything else you can suggest that we can do to ensure the health of the Maritime Security Program while right now not a lot of people are paying a lot of attention to it?    General McDew. Congressman, I believe that MARAD, the MARAD administration probably summed up the Maritime Security Program and the interest in the fleet best when he refers to it as a three-legged stool. And there are three things that really can strengthen and underpin our maritime force.    One is the stipend, the MSP that we are talking about. One is cargo preference, and we have seen some things over the last few years that have decreased the amount of cargo preference some of these industries have had. And the other is a robust international trade.    The problem we have is, from my perspective, the only lever we have in the Department and inside of MARAD is the stipend. That is the only lever that we can actually control. And so right now that stipend of $3.1 million which we ought to look at increasing over time is keeping 60 ships of only 78 with us. And I am behind anything that further increases our ability to make sure that we have the capacity we need to go to war.    And I think that is a leg of the stool that we have got to continue to keep an eye on.    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.