    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I don't have any questions, but I do want to make a few statements for the record.    And let me say first of all that I almost never disagree with my chairman, and Ranking Member Cummings is one of the members here that I respect the most, but I personally think this Federal Air Marshal Service is probably the least or certainly one of the least-needed organizations in our entire Federal Government.    And this is no criticism of Director Allison. He has been given a job, and it is his duty to do the best that he can.    And I may have been the first or one of the first to question the need for this organization, but many people have done that in the past few years. Gram Slattery wrote in the Harvard Political Review, he said, ``A third and, for our purposes, final example would of course be the Federal Air Marshal Service--not the one of Hollywood's imagination, but the real one, which has come to be a symbol of everything that's wrong with the DHS: the agency in which 4,000 bored cops fly around the country first-class, committing more crimes than they stop, and waiting to be among the 0.1 percent of agents making one of those rare, ephemeral $200 million arrests.''    And what he's referring to, there was a USA Today article a few years ago that said that there were more air marshals being arrested than arrests by air marshals. There were a few years there where they averaged four arrests a year, and this is for an agency that was getting over $800 million a year. And, in fact, in the last 10 years, they've gotten almost $9 billion total.    Then there was a book written by John Mueller, a professor at Ohio State, along with Mark Stewart, an Australian statistical engineer, who wrote a book called ``Overblown: How Politicians and the Terrorism Industry Inflate National Security Threats and Why We Believe Them.'' One of the key findings of this book was that these two professors could not find any internal discussions, public reports, government personnel, or sources of any kind that could explain how the DHS could justify the spending on the Federal Air Marshal Service.    And they said, because the agency so totally fails a cost-benefit analysis, when they wrote, they said, since the FAMS costs $1.2 billion per year--which I guess that was how much it was at the time they were writing--and its effectiveness is in serious doubt, and they said, an alternate policy measure is to double the budget of the FFDO program, the Federal Flight Deck program, and also to increase the spending on the secondary security barriers, the IPSBs.    Former Congressman Sonny Callahan I remember saying years ago, he said, we did everything we really needed to do when we secured the cockpit doors. And, of course, now we spend billions on the TSA.    But these two professors recommended a 75-percent cut in funding for the Federal Air Marshal Service because it was so ineffective.    Then former Senator Tom Coburn wrote in his last report that he made as a Senator, he said, ``It's unclear to what extent the air marshal program is reducing risk to aviation security, despite the more than $820 million annually that is spent on the program.'' In addition, he wondered if other enhanced security screening and safety precautions undertaken by the TSA and the airlines themselves have made--he said they've made the Air Marshal Service irrelevant.    It seems to me--of course, every Member of Congress flies here usually about twice a week. And that is what these air marshals do; they fly back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. It has to be one of the softest, easiest jobs in the Federal Government but, I think, one of the least necessary.    And so I just wanted to put those comments on record, Mr. Chairman, because I think this money--there are so many better things that this money could be and should be being spent on.    Thank you very much.