    Mr. O'Malia. Chairman Scott, Ranking Member Scott, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify here today.    I would like to thank the Committee for holding this timely hearing to discuss the ramifications of two major reforms; bank capital and liquidity rules, and the margin requirements for non-cleared trades. Both will have a massive and profound impact on the derivative end-users.    In my testimony, I would like to explain the findings ISDA has produced to determine the cost impact of the capital rules, and will emphasize the need for a comprehensive and cumulative impact assessment. I will also provide an update on the implementation of the margin rules, and the steps ISDA is taking to ensure these are implemented in a cost-effective manner.    Substantial progress has been made to ensure that the financial system is more robust. The implementation of Basel 2.5 and Basel III means banks now hold more and better quality capital than ever before. An additional capital surcharge is being implemented for systemically important banks, and a resolution framework is being put in place to wind down failed banks without taxpayer assistance. This is on top of the global derivatives market infrastructure reforms, including data reporting, trading, and clearing.    While many aspects of the new rules have been finalized, core aspects of the Basel reform agenda, such as the leverage ratio, net stable funding ratio, fundamental review of the trading book, are still evolving. As it stands, these reforms look to significantly increase costs for banks, and may negatively impact the liquidity of these markets and the ability of banks to lend and provide crucial hedging services to corporate pension funds and asset managers.    Recent ISDA analysis suggests that the compliance with just one of the rules, the NSFR, will require the banking industry to raise additional long-term funding. We are concerned that the cumulative impact of the different parts of the banking capital reform are still unknown, and it is our belief that regulators shoulder undertake a cumulative impact assessment, posthaste. Given the continuing concerns about economic growth and job creation, legislators, supervisors, and market participants need to understand the cumulative impacts of the regulatory changes before they are implemented.    When it comes to the health of the global economy, I think the old tailor's saying holds true: measure twice and cut once. At this moment, we are cutting our cloth in the dark. ISDA has been working hard to understand the impacts of the individual rules, and over the past year we have conducted eight impact studies. In each case, these studies have indicated sizeable increases in capital, on top of the increases that have already occurred as part of Basel III. We have also found the impact was not uniform across all banks, with certain businesses hit particularly hard. One good example is the leverage ratio and its effect on client clearing business. As it stands, the rule fails to recognize the risk-reducing impact of the initial margin posted by customers, and this has proved detrimental to the economics of client clearing, and is in direct conflict with the G20 objectives of central clearing.    Now let me turn to the final rules regarding the margin for non-cleared trades. As I noted earlier, these rules will have a significant cost impact on non-cleared products. According to the analysis published by the CFTC, the industry may have to set aside over $300 billion of initial margin to meet these requirements. ISDA has worked closely with the market at the global level to prepare for implementation, and I am proud to say that ISDA and its members have accomplished a great deal. First, we have established a standard initial margin model called ISDA SIMM, which all participants can use to calculate the initial margin requirements. This is nothing short of revolutionary for the over-the-counter market. Second, we have worked to draw up a revised margin documentation that is compliant with the collateral and segregation rules. Third, we have established a robust governance structure to allow for the necessary evolution of the model, and to provide regulators complete transparency into the model development process. Despite these efforts, challenges remain. The deadline for implementation of the initial margin requirements for the largest banks is September 2016. The variation margin, big bang, is set for March of 2017, which affects all market participants.    There are still a few important items that need to fall into place to ensure that the market can move forward confidently. First, regulators need to send a clear signal that the ISDA SIMM is fit for purpose, and banks can confidently begin to apply this model before the 2016 deadline. Second, regulators must finalize the cross-border rules, which will result in the recognition of comparable jurisdictions. To date, the CFTC cross-border margin rules have not been approved, and if it is not rectified as soon as possible, the hard work to unify the rules under the Basel Committee IOSCO at that level will be undermined. In addition, ISDA will not be able to complete the necessary documentation that will assist dealers in determining whether their clients fall within scope of the margin rules by the time the rules go final.    And I appreciate the Committee's interest in ensuring that the G20 reforms are implemented in a cost-effective manner, and this ensures that end-users have access to global capital markets and derivatives markets. You can be confident that ISDA will continue to work to develop the data on the capital rules to contribute to a safe but cost-effective capital structure, as well as facilitate the transition to a new margin regime that is fully transparent and effective.    I am happy to answer any of your questions. Thank you.    Mr. O'Malia. Right now, it is the rules. The rules are having a huge impact on where they are going to allocate capital. And as Walt pointed out in his testimony, and in mine, the leverage ratios are a very good example of that. These requirements are going up, and all of these rules in a cumulative impact are not being fully assessed. So we have a multitude of these rules being developed now that are going to be implemented over the next 4 years that individually have serious consequences to the investment decisions and the capital decisions that each of these banks are going to have to make, which will have pass-on effects. I can tell you, in developing these rules at the CFTC, we were very cognizant of how this would impact end-users, and we worked very hard to make sure that the margin rules did not impact end-users. That is not the case with the capital rules. There is no exemption in the U.S. capital rules for end-users.    The Chairman. Mr. Deas, the concerns you shared in your testimony are highly technical and nuanced. Did the Prudential Regulators consult with the hedgers who use derivatives for risk management purposes to understand how the rules would impact your ability to use these markets, and do you think that the regulators understand your concerns?    Mr. O'Malia. Ranking Member Scott, this is a great issue, and as Walt pointed out, it is a global market and, therefore, we need global rules. We have been working very hard to make sure to minimize the differences between the rule-sets, and to ensure that you can have comparable regulation. That is what was set out in the G20 objectives. That is what we believe is the outcome in many of these regulations, as you pointed out, with Singapore, the EU as well.    These rules are not going to be identical. You cannot read them word-for-word and come up with identical rules, but the outcomes are the same. And so we are pushing very hard, whether it is data, whether it is trader execution, how you comply on the firm's buy-side, sell-side, end-user, it does not matter. We are all working together to make sure you have comparable rules.    One recent frustration is, and I touched on this in my testimony, is the CFTC's own rules on cross-border have been inconsistent. On one hand, they put out the guidance 2 years ago that really kicked off some frustration globally about equivalence with the cross-border equivalence decisions coming--or that need to come as a result of the non-margin rules--or the margin for non-cleared rules, excuse me, they have a different position. The definition of U.S. person is different. So we would urge the Commission to: first, finalize its rules, and then be consistent with the Prudential Regulators' regulations that are already out. And then we probably ought to go back and re-evaluate the current guidance that they have issued.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Right. My time is up, Mr. Chairman. If we have another round, I would certainly like to come back and ask what impact this controversy is having on our end-users.    The Chairman. We should have time for another round.    I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Conaway, the big Chairman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. O'Malia. Yes, well, it is important to put it in a bit of perspective. Following Basel II, regulators came up with the idea that, actually, you should have more risk-sensitive models appropriate to the bank, and they allowed for internal models to be used. And these are supervised, overseen models. These are not out of sight and out of mind. The regulators get a look at these. And they were developed to be more risk-sensitive, which is the appropriate evaluation. In the recent submission on the FRTB, fundamental review of the trading book, they have a higher standard for internal models. They have potentially reduced the ability to use internal models, and the difference on various asset classes could see a sizeable increase in capital requirements, and as you noted, and our research shows, it could be as high as 2.4 times more capital.    There is no perfect model, and we think that internal models should be used, and we are in favor or making them more transparent and working with the regulators to ensure that standard data is used, benchmarking is used, to make sure that they have a high level of confidence in the models so they can be used. If you go to a standard model, they are less risk-sensitive, more conservative, and will require more capital. And we want to make sure that we don't have kind of a standard model they used, kind of a one-size-fits-all which is inappropriate for the industry.    Mr. O'Malia. Sure. Thank you for the question. So the analysis we have been doing on the FRTB, and we would be happy to provide it, there is an annex in there that does elaborate a little bit more on my testimony.    Mr. O'Malia. Yes. So the analysis we looked at, using the internal model, we believe that the FRTB capital model will increase capital requirements, risk-weighted basis, 1.5 times. Without the ability to use internal models, we believe that could go to 2.4 times the capital requirements.    Now, it is not completely binary. Some banks may be able to use capital models, some may not, but it is in that range of the capital increase that we have estimated for the FRTB rule that was just recently released.    Now, it would also have, due to our estimates, impacts on FX, foreign exchange, you could see in that asset class as well as securitization and equities. But as an example, and kind of at the high end, FX could go up by 6.4 times, based on our analysis. Now, this would be a big impact, and people would use FX hedgers, end-users for commercial operations for the global operations. Right? They are paying salaries, recouping revenue, raising money in different countries. That would have a big impact. And keep in mind, these are global rules. These are not just U.S.-specific rules. So this affects all the global exchanges in dealing with this. So this is not just U.S.-specific. But those are specific examples that I could give you, and we have plenty more details in our more thorough study that we have included.    Mr. O'Malia. Under the Basel----    Mr. O'Malia. Yes, well, they have had regulators who insist they raise that capital requirement.    Mr. O'Malia. You have a conversation with your regulator and they expect you to put more capital behind it.    Mr. O'Malia. We can----    Mr. O'Malia. Yes.    Mr. O'Malia. Well, in that case, you and I are looking for the same thing. What we see is the individual rules are being promulgated and we are watching them individually. What we haven't done, and what we would be strong in favor of, is kind of looking at the comprehensive. And we have to look at the individual business lines as well. The leverage ratio, for example, is a tax on clearing that is diametrically opposite with what the market regulators have kind of urged market participants to do; put more into clearing, which is the right thing to do. But then the capital rules kind of send the conflicting message in tax and clearing by not recognizing the initial margin as risk offsetting.    Now, the individual rules we will look at and try to assess the impacts on individual businesses, and those rules are being developed currently. Right? We haven't seen the final rules in most cases, and they will be developed and implemented over the next 4 years. So we are trying at this point, at this important point, before they are fully implemented, let's understand the real ramifications of the individual rules on the individual businesses, and let's do a cumulative impact to really understand the broader economics.    Mr. O'Malia. Well, we have time to do that now. There is nothing to stop these rules from going forward and doing the cumulative impact assessment right now. These are Basel rules, they are going be promulgated and moving forward. The leverage ratio, fundamental review of the trading book, are near final anyway but they have time to be implemented over the next 4 years.    We do believe that a cumulative impact assessment, and really looking at the individual business line impacts, would be informative to understanding the ramifications.    A lot of people, and with all due respect to Mr. Gellasch and his ham sandwich, a lot of these rules have not been fully implemented and costed-in. As I mentioned, the non-cleared margin rules have yet to take effect. Those are going to have a $300 billion impact. These are CFTC numbers, not my numbers, CFTC numbers. And those are going to be real ramifications. The capital rules are not finished yet, and are going to be phased-in over the next 4 years. We haven't seen the full price of this. We have seen what the cost of clearing has done. We have, SIFMA AMG has put out and surveyed their members, $34 trillion under management from those asset managers, pension fund managers, and they are saying from their membership, yes, we are seeing price increases, these are going up, we are seeing fewer people that we can deal with in this derivatives ecosystem. And it is an ecosystem. Right? You need risk managers and you need hedgers, and all of that has to work together. And these capital rules, as I said earlier, aren't exempting end-users. Right? These costs will be passed on.    Mr. O'Malia. I fully agree with you, sir.    Mr. O'Malia. I just find some of this to be, on one hand you have the argument that this doesn't cost anything more than a ham sandwich, then you are talking about massive dislocation and concentration of things. The regulators intended for these to have change behavior. Right? They imposed capital requirements to increase the quality and the quantity of capital. The costs are going up, and they are not going up by a little bit or a ham sandwich, they are going up by billions of dollars. And to Walt's point, there is consolidation and there are people making decisions about whether they are going to be in this business or that business, and there will be thousands of layoffs as a result of that. That is going to have huge ramifications, not to mention the service they are provided.    And whether it is the Coalition of End-Users or it is SIFMA AMG, they are all raising their hand saying, ``Hey, regulator, pay attention, the cost to serve my customers or to manage the pension funds that we do, is going up. Clearing costs are going up.'' The fact that you don't--as a result of capital. And they have pointed at the capital rules.    Mr. O'Malia. So you can't have it both ways.    Mr. O'Malia. Yes. Well, I guess the proponents shouldn't worry if it is only going to cost a ham sandwich, they shouldn't be afraid of the facts on this one. So let's move on, let's do a cumulative impact study if there is no harm there. So the facts are going to tell us where this thing ends up, and at the end of the day, we will all be better informed as a result of that. And that is exactly where we should be. We should understand the cumulative impact as well as the individual business line impact.    Mr. O'Malia. Confusion, in one word, but it is more complex than that. So we would appreciate the CFTC moving expeditiously to put out its final rules. We would like them to be as consistent as possible with the global framework.    Mr. O'Malia. No, we do want speed. We want both.    Mr. O'Malia. We want speed and consistency. Obviously, with the end deadline a few months away, it is important that we know what the final rules are going to be so we can draft the appropriate documentation to link the industry together.    Mr. O'Malia. Excuse me. Depends on how soon they get this out. If we have the final rules, excuse me----    Mr. O'Malia. We don't know. It is up to the Commission to figure that one out. And we hope sooner and we hope consistent, consistent with the other regulators.    Mr. O'Malia. I think they are making it more difficult than it is.    Mr. O'Malia. It should be more consistent. And unfortunately, the CFTC is in a tough position. Either they are going to submit rules that are consistent with their original guidance 3 years ago on cross-border, or they are going to submit rules that are consistent with the Prudential Regulators on non-cleared margin. And if they go with the Prudential Regulators, then they are inconsistent with their original cross-border guidance on who a U.S. person is, and some of these other factors. So either way, they really need to kind of step back and ultimately revisit their entire cross-border strategy, because it is making the entire process more complex. It does create some ill will in Europe, which is going to create a pushback.    Mr. O'Malia. Well, obviously, the CCP recognition and the equivalency took 3 years to get through. I think it is really important. Nobody wants to have rules that create gaps. Right? We want, and I can understand, and having been a former Commissioner, Walt has been a former Commissioner, you want to draft rules that are consistent, and you want to make sure that you have thought of everything. But that doesn't mean that you regulate everything. And we can rely on the global partners here because, at the end of the day, they have really developed rules that are going to achieve the same outcome. Data reporting, largely the same in the outcome, but they can't share data because they don't have it in a format that works. Trade execution is a big factor that is coming into play with the European rules around the corner. We have seen fractured liquidity in the markets today. Are you going to fix that or are you going to sustain that, is a big question. Are you going to recognize a global liquidity pool or are you going to have regulatory friction that divides the markets.    The non-cleared, I would have to give regulators a lot of credit on the non-cleared margin. Those rules are as consistent as any rule-set they have developed yet today. And the goal has been to make sure that we have a global non-margining framework. So I do compliment the regulators on that. Now it is down to the final strokes. Let's put forward a cross-border system that recognizes that they are nearly identical, and we move on from there so our members can deal with these rules, and you substitute compliance, so you either have to comply with the rules in one country or the other, but not both.    Mr. O'Malia. Well, let's take, for example, end-user, the definition of end-user in the U.S. has one definition and end-user in Europe has another definition. If you look at that and you try to do it on an equivalent basis, you are going to come up with a different outcome. You are not going to say those are not equivalent end-users. Pension funds, for example, are end-users in Europe but they are not here. So applying those rules, if you go at a very granular level, you are going to find some differences, and you can never find equivalency, you can never trust the other regime. And, therefore, the industry is left compliant with two sets of rules, which is exactly where we are on trade execution, exactly where we are on data reporting.    Mr. O'Malia. That is the same question the regulators in Europe or in Asia ask their constituents as well. Everybody wants to make sure that they protect their industry, they protect their people, they protect their markets, and I understand that. And that does create tension at the beginning of any conversation on equivalence. And they want to make sure that they have thought of everything. And we want to make sure that the outcomes achieve the same thing, because you do not want to have an unlevel playing field that tips one way or another.    Now, we don't have all the rules completed in Europe yet, so it is tough to tell on some of these competitive issues around trade execution. We did get to an outcome, or we have a draft outcome on CCP recognition that would make the jurisdictions equivalent.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. But if you, Mr. O'Malia, if you had to answer my question right now, would you say is this uncertainty, this delay year after year, month after month, is it putting American businesses at a competitive disadvantage?    Mr. O'Malia. I would answer yes, I mean because uncertainty always leads people to do less of something in order to account for that uncertainty. So the outcome, if the United States was not recognized by Europe, and it looks like we are going to be, there is a transition here, but many of the European banks that are members of the CME, of ICE, could not participate in those markets. It would be the capital punitive damages would be so high that they would just have to be out of the business. And again, what does that do? Well, that shrinks choices for customers that can't access markets through those clearing members, it is going to necessarily raise costs because of that. And so yes, it is going to cause an immediate impact.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Right. And do you feel that it would be helpful in any way for us here in Congress to begin to put on the table and discuss any retaliatory means that might be necessary, whether you take them or not, but there ought to come a time when we need to stand up for our American businesses and say enough of this. We don't deserve this level of disrespect for our American businesses. Is there something, a message that we can send here in Congress to let them know that this has to be straightened out, it is unfair to our businesses?    Mr. O'Malia. Well, your oversight responsibilities on this Committee have been helpful. You have talked about this issue in several hearings and that has gotten Chairman Massad leverage in these negotiations. But, the rest of the government is also important. The Treasury Department represents the United States in these types of negotiations. So your oversight responsibilities have helped to break this logjam, yes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Yes. I wanted to get to Mr. Deas as well in my last minute here, Mr. Deas, because if I remember in your testimony, you really hit on this competitive disadvantage. What say you about this?    Mr. O'Malia. Right now, they are moving forward in tandem. And we ought to look at them for the cumulative impact that they are going to be having to the business. They happen to be coming in at the same time, and businesses are making very difficult decisions right now about how they deploy that capital.    The margin rules are separate, and that is going to have a big impact on the pricing of the OTC market. And we have yet to see kind of how it will be phased in and what the costs of that will be. That will be phased in over the next 4 years. But, now is the time to ask ourselves a question about the cumulative impacts of these, and spot the problems before we create some of these problems that we have identified today.    The Chairman. You pretty much answered my next question. I am going to ask it anyway. You just answered it as no, maybe in a little longer manner, but the question is, is that how the CFTC and the Prudential Regulators approach their respective rulemakings, ensuring that the capital regulations took into consideration the risk-producing effects of the margin requirements?    Mr. O'Malia. We would obviously like to see the CFTC get their cross-border rules out quickly. That has been a big holdup. But by and large, the margin rules on a global basis are fairly consistent.    The Chairman. Has the Basel Committee, the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or any other body, undertaken a review of the potential cumulative impact of the various margin and capital requirements to ensure that those regulations are not unduly duplicative or overburdening the markets and their participants?    Mr. O'Malia. Not that I am aware of.    The Chairman. Thank you, gentlemen, for being here. And the chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois for 5 minutes.