    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. King, Mr. Secretary, for being here. We appreciate it very much.    Mr. King, what I wanted to talk about was what the Department of Education has proposed with respect to backend checks on the weighing of indicators for State accountability systems.    The statute that was passed in ESSA requires the States to establish the criteria that the schools must make to exit certain identification categories, but after having my staff read your proposal and after I read some of your proposals, it just seems like they go well beyond the scope of the statute by requiring those criteria to include improvements on the State's academic indicators. That appears to contradict what the statute's prohibition was against the Secretary prescribing exit criteria.    Could you explain how you envision States and school districts implementing this portion of the proposal?    Mr. Carter. Again, I want to make sure that the Department is not overstepping their bounds from what we intended for it to be through this legislation.    Can you assure me that the Department is not going to go contrary to what is in the statute?    Mr. Carter. So you have received the feedback? Are you continuing to receive the feedback?    Mr. Carter. Have you reviewed any of it yet? Do you have any indication of what are the concerns?    Mr. Carter. Okay, I am just concerned, okay? I want to make sure that you are not overstepping the bounds by what we intended for it to be through this legislation and I want you to assure me and the committee that the Department's proposals, that they align with the statute and that we are not going to have you back here trying to ask any more questions about what is going on. I do not want another example of the Department of Education overstepping their bounds.    Mr. Carter. Okay, fair enough. Just full disclosure, I want to make sure we are on the same page here of what the intent was and what it is that you are doing.    Mr. Carter. Okay, thank you, Dr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Now I yield back.