    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for being here.    I think all of us ought to stipulate that sexual harassment in any form is wrong. In some cases, as my friend from South Carolina just said, it is against the law. Unwanted advances simply cannot be tolerable in the workplace. And it is the obligation of every agency manager within the Federal Government to protect the workforce from such unwanted advances.    But I think it is important for all of you to also keep in mind that in this Congress, unfortunately, there is a clear agenda against the mission of EPA that does not want EPA protecting the public through regulatory process. And it is very important that, as we excise out wrongdoers with respect to sexual harassment, that we keep in mind there is another agenda sometimes at work here, too. Of course, none of my colleagues here.    And I do not know how many times--over 100--we have voted on the floor of the House to de-fang EPA. Whether it be water regulation, air regulation, particulate matter, you know, we do not like it, collectively, this Congress. And I just--a word of caution, in terms of what is--some might see another agenda going at work here.    Now, let me ask Ms. Kellen--so, listening to this and certainly listening to the formidable statements against the evil of sexual harassment--so sexual harassment is a pervasive part of the EPA culture; is that right?    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Bullying.    Mr. Connolly. Why do you think, when it does occur, although it is not pervasive, it is not handled instantly, I mean, you know, efficiently and rapidly, so we make a clear statement to others who might think that is okay and, frankly, to deal with the situation so the victim is not lingering, you know, without an unresolved case? Why do you think that is?    Mr. Connolly. You know, H.L. Mencken once said that, for every human problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.    One of the solutions being proposed floating around here is actually to take away civil service protections from Federal employees, virtually making Federal employees at-will employees so that protections go away.    Do you think that would be helpful in terms of trying to make sure we are excising sexual harassment from the Federal workplace?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Tuttle, you are shaking your head ``yes.'' You agree with Ms. Kellen on that, that it would be counterproductive?    Mr. Connolly. You mean without civil service protection?    Mr. Connolly. Yeah.    Mr. Connolly. Dr. Bohlen and Mr. Harris, I have very little time left. Did you want to comment on this question of the removal of civil service protections?    Mr. Connolly. Could you speak up, Dr. Bohlen? I am sorry.    Mr. Connolly. Thank you.    Mr. Connolly. Very important testimony.    I yield back.