    Ms. Ansley. Thank you, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members the subcommittee. Paralyzed Veterans of America would like to thank you for the opportunity to testify today regarding the Department of Veterans Affairs Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment Program.    In July, our Nation will celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, which provides equality of opportunity and access for Americans with disabilities. Despite all of our advances, however, veterans and all people with disabilities remain underrepresented in our Nation's workforce. Veterans with catastrophic disabilities, which comprises PVA's membership, continue to face barriers when seeking to return to the workforce. As a result, in 2007, PVA launched Operation PAVE, which stands for Paving Access for Veterans Employment. Operation PAVE is a vocational rehabilitation program that assists PVA's members, those who are service connected and those that are non-service connected, other veterans with disabilities, their families and also caregivers in obtaining and retaining employment. Today, Operation PAVE has seven regional offices around the Nation.    Operation PAVE provides one-on-one career counseling and assistance. All services, from our resume assistance, interview preparation, vocational counseling, and employer networking are provided at no cost to participants. Our program is staffed by experienced graduate-level certified vocational counselors and employment analysts. Although PAVE counselors are working with some of the most difficult to place clients, they are successful in returning them to the workforce.    Operation PAVE seeks to keep its counselor load at a maximum of 125 veterans per counselor or less. The ratio of 1 to 125 is recognized as a full workload in the field of vocational rehabilitation counseling. When any vocational rehabilitation counselor is required to work with more than 125 clients, the employment counseling process is delayed.    PAVE counselors recently reported that veterans have expressed frustration with how difficult it can be to connect with their VR&E counselors, as calls and emails sometimes go unanswered. The Independent Budget coauthored by AmVets, Disabled American Veterans, PVA, and the Veterans of Foreign Wars has continually highlighted the shortage of VR&E counselors. The IB projects that approximately 165,000 veterans will participate in the VR&E program in fiscal year 2016. To achieve a maximum ration of 1 to 125, VR&E would need an additional 382 full-time equivalent employees. This increase in staff would provide 277 new VR&E counselors and 105 new employees providing support services. These additions would require an increase in appropriations of $41.8 million.    Providing VA with additional resources to decrease the counselor-to-veteran ratio is a step in the right direction. VA must also, however, reduce bureaucratic hurdles that delay veterans in moving through the VR&E process. For example, Operation PAVE counselors have noted that they are able to sometimes more quickly begin providing resume assistance, interview preparation, and vocational counseling because there are fewer procedural hurdles to clear for eligibility. And we urge the VA to continue to build efficiencies into the system that would eliminate any wait times and assist counselors in managing their time and caseloads as efficiently as possible.    If current resource levels are maintained, one way to reduce the load for counselors and employment specialists is to continue to increase partnerships with organizations such as ours that provide specialty placement services. This is particularly important in the case of veterans who have unique needs related to their disabilities and life circumstances.    PVA's Operation PAVE counselors have indicated that they have developed relationships with VR&E counselors. One PAVE counselor reported that she receives referrals of veterans with significant disabilities who need specific one-on-one help in returning to work. Without these referrals, she feared that it would be difficult for her overloaded VR&E counterparts to dedicate the time and resources that are necessary to help someone with these types of disabilities return to work.    Without these types of partnerships, severely disabled veterans would likely receive minimal consideration or be designated as unemployable. Severely disabled veterans require the commitment and special attention that a VA counselor is trained to provide, but cannot afford to present with the caseloads. By referring these veterans to PVA's counselor, the veteran receives the specialized attention necessary, which more frequently leads to placement and suitable employment.    In some cases, there are fewer connections between our offices and VA's VR&E program, but we are pleased that the VR&E director has committed to us that he is interested in increasing collaboration.    Congressional funding for VA's VR&E program must keep pace with veterans' need for services.    PVA thanks you for the opportunity to testify today and we would be pleased to answer any questions.    Ms. Ansley. PVA supports having at least a year follow-up. And I think Mr. Varela's comments about IT are a way that we can extend services to people and find out how they are doing in their employment beyond necessarily having counselors that are already stretched thin making that outreach, although certainly we would like that, but feel that IT could be a way to address that.    We also believe that, particularly with veterans who have evolving disabilities, disability is not static, so you may have changes that arise that you need different types of accommodations that you weren't thinking of at the beginning, you know, new things that arise that you don't want to see a person remove themselves from the workforce, which is what may happen, when actually having somebody intervene and work with you and your employer may keep you in the workforce, which is what everybody wants.    Ms. Ansley. Thank you for the question. I certainly think that there is a range of opportunities beyond additional counselors, although we do feel additional counselors are a key aspect.    I would have to highlight the need to look at public and private partnerships that may be available in a particular area where there could be an extension of the services that VR&E provides by looking to others that can help to assist to make sure that people don't fall through the cracks. That is, our biggest concern is that veterans would not feel that the benefits are available to them, things are not timely. And so what tends to happen is people deselect themselves and say, you know, I think I will just not go through the process, you know, I will just go a different route. And that is typically not very successful for many people. And I think that that is what we have seen in States that have vocational rehabilitation programs.    Of course, you know, there are lots of programs that are out there for different types of communities, and VR&E is doing more to partner with those Federal agencies, State agencies, other opportunities. So I think we have to look at how can we work together to meet those needs.    Ms. Ansley. Thank you for the question. There certainly are opportunities that VR&E is working with, and I know recently as part of the administration's Curb Cuts to Middle Class Initiative, which was targeted at all people with disabilities, VR&E made some connections with Small Business Administration and other groups they haven't been able to make some good connections with in the past. So I think that there is an interest. I don't think it is probably where it needs to be to look at entrepreneurial opportunities, particularly for veterans with more significant disabilities, for whom travel may be an issue and other accessibility. I think that is certainly an area that we do need to continue to augment.    Ms. Ansley. I think continuing to encourage the partnerships that would occur between VA and community resources by looking at barriers that may exist to participation. I know with PVA's program, it is--you know, we--our work is fund-raised through other means, and we just work with VA to serve veterans, so we are not interested in any type of monetary connection. For others, that may be a concern.    So I think it is looking at what would those community organizations need to serve and be partners, because they want to be, but in many cases, they are also stretched too.    Ms. Ansley. 382, I believe.    Ms. Ansley. 382, yes.    Ms. Ansley. We were all close.    Ms. Ansley. No. Those would be counselors, VR&E counselors. That is completely separate from our program. That is PVA advocating for VR&E's program to get additional resources.    Ms. Ansley. I think that is part of the multifaceted interplay between not only VR&E, but then also the Department of Labor's Vets Program, which, you know, provides assistance for disabled veterans seeking benefits. So I think it is more--in some cases, it is not necessarily VR&E reaching out directly, but are there Federal partners who work with those companies working with VR&E to provide those pipelines. For instance, the Office of Federal Contract Compliance at the Department of Labor works with Federal contractors. There are Federal mandates as far as hiring people with disabilities, hiring veterans with disabilities. These companies want to hire veterans and want to hire people with disabilities. And it is about trying to make those connections, because what we hear from the contracting community is, you know, we want to hire people, but we don't know where to go, we don't know where to look to find the people that meet our requirements.    So PVA is working in collaboration with other groups to work with Industry Liaison Group, which is part of Department of Labor, it is the Federal contractor group that looks at how they can meet their requirements.    So sometimes it is making those connections for people that may exist in other government silos, if you will----    Ms. Ansley . And helping to say, hey, we have got people over here that we are training. We know that you need employees who have these qualifications to help you meet, you know, these specific requirements. How can we better work together?    Ms. Ansley. That would certainly be a goal that we would want to accomplish.    Ms. Ansley. It really gets to the idea of being veteran-centric and looking at how do we meet those needs. Veterans don't look at, you know, well, that is VBA and that is VHA and all these different components. So if we begin to look more holistically at a veteran approaching the VA, you know, I always think of healthcare and benefits are your bedrock, they are your foundation, those are what allow you to then succeed in employment. You need housing so you have a place to live. You need transportation options so that you can get to your home and your job. I think, really, beginning to look at more of that focus on the veteran and what the veteran needs as opposed to the individual programmatic focus, which doesn't always see how the different programs interplay, and then what the veteran sees when he or she is trying to work with those different programs.    Ms. Ansley. Thank you for the question, Chairman. The relationship that our Operation PAVE has been able to work out with VA has been beneficial, not only in looking at extending services to people, the veterans that would be eligible for both programs, but also people who contact VA that are not eligible for the VR&E program.    So, I think that that is one of the important aspects also of connecting with community partners, is that veterans who are non-service connected, family members, caregivers, you know, they are not eligible. And so we understand that in many cases, there have been connections to our program so that those individuals can be served.    I think that for many non-profits that we work with, we work with a lot of other non-profits in the disability community who provide employment services to a wide range of people, including veterans, and a lot of times it becomes issues of not knowing who to connect with in the VA. If you connect one place, that doesn't mean you are going to be successful in connecting in other locations around the country. So I think having--you know, there has been a focus on how to connect with those local partners, but I think continuing to break down the barriers so that groups understand, who do I contact, how do I make the connection, and how do I show that I already serve this population in some respects, or maybe I serve people that you can't serve, and how can we work together to meet the broader veteran community. I think, again, those local community roundtables of even looking at what is happening in a particular community, a particular State, what are the resources, because in some places there may be a non-profit that doesn't exist in another part of the country, and so being able to find out what is on the ground in your area, and then finding out, VA asking, are there questions, you know, what are barriers that we are presenting that prevent you from being able to serve our population of veterans, how can we better work with you to refer, you know, all of those different questions, but it really does begin on a very local level, but that is fostered by a messaging coming from the top that this is important.    Ms. Ansley. Right. Right. Do you know what services are available in your community and who it is that they serve so that when you are contacted by someone--like I said, if it is somebody you can't serve, somebody who you know, okay, we have--there is a great nonprofit in this area; they have a particular interest; we can partner with them. How could we learn from each other? How can we share best practices?    I think that that is really what you benefit from. There are certainly organizations like ours that are across the country, but then there are others that are more local, more regional, that it would be great for VA to have those connections, and for veterans, you know, to be able to connect with long term and, like I said, their families, as well.    Ms. Ansley. It has really been local counselors working with their local VR&E offices and making those individual relationships. In some cases, we know that they have worked really well with the VR&E office. I know we have one place where the OEF OIF office has been--at VA, has been a referral point. So we have talked with the VR&E staff, and they--at the national level, and they are interested in looking at how they can better make their local offices aware of this program, and not only our program, but other similar programs that are out there.    Ms. Ansley. Typically, that is my understanding. I mean, I am sure--again, individualized locations may have different connections. But there are different connecting points at different regions, just like you see one VA, you have seen one.    Ms. Ansley. Certainly, veterans who--there would be an opportunity for them to come back to the program. I think the reason to keep engaged, though, and not get to that step is you don't want people who have had--been unsuccessful in the workplace to then decide, okay, I tried, and now I am going to--I am going to just say that I am not going to be able to work. That, I think, is the biggest--is the bigger reason.    Whether somebody can't come back because, yes, there are opportunities where they can come back, but it is already a big step for somebody whose life has now changed with a significant disability to return to the workforce. Just like all of us, you know, 60 days is kind of not a very good time to be able to adjust. Throw in the fact that now you have never worked before as a person with a disability, you know, you have got accommodations, you have got other things you have got to figure out, it is just a barrier. That is the real issue, whether somebody can come back or not. The issue is sticking with them so that you can work through the bumps along the road that pop up.    I know a lot of veterans that I have talked to, they are looking at what are my rights under the American with Disabilities Act, most of them were in the workforce. But they were thinking about, maybe I am just going to have to quit because I can't get my employer to make this accessible, or I don't know what to do. That is a step we never want to get to. And so I think that is really what we are saying.    Ms. Ansley. VR&E services.