    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank each of our witnesses for coming here today and testifying.    I also would like to make clear to the subcommittee that I know that this is an abbreviated hearing, but if we are going to move forward with legislation, I look forward to having another hearing before that occurs.    The financial crisis was due in no small part to regulators' failure to use their existing authority to rein in banks' risky lending and trading activities. We responded in the Dodd-Frank Act by clearly identifying for regulators which financial institutions would be subject to minimum prudential standards, while also granting the Federal Reserve discretion in its application of these standards.    I welcome debate on regulators' efforts to tailor their approaches to the particular risk that individual banks present, but I remain skeptical of proposals that would eliminate Dodd-Frank's clear standard for a subjective activities-based designation process.    And I yield back.    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Johnson, you note in your testimony that there is substantial differentiation in the Fed's application of heightened prudential standards, dependent in part on size but also varying according to factors such as business model, complexity, and opaqueness.    Could you provide examples of how regulators have differentiated their regulatory approaches toward financial institutions above the $50 billion threshold?    Mr. Clay. Could you contrast the litigation exposure that an activities-based designation process would create compared to the current approach in Dodd-Frank that clearly establishes which financial institutions are subject to heightened minimum prudential standards?    Mr. Clay. Are there any areas of regulatory oversight where regulators have had the ability to exercise their discretion to tailor their application of heightened prudential standards and they have failed to do so? Are there any examples where they failed to do that?    Mr. Clay. And so it really depends on the business model and what kind of risk these entities take?    Mr. Clay. Thank you for your responses.    I yield back.