    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You can always count on me to be patient.    Mr. Chairman, actually, I very much appreciate this hearing. And just to put in hearing--sorry. To put in context my appreciation for the hearing, no matter how you look at it, employees of the Federal Government have felt under special criticism, particularly from the Congress. I mean, there's no gain saying this. In fact, yesterday some of us were on the floor as there was a--by the way, there was some good bills on the floor during tax day, and then there were some bills that were very demoralizing. I went to the floor to speak to one on tax filings where the Federal Government workers have the best tax filings in the country, and, sure, they're being paid by the Federal Government, but they took a lashing even though they are in place, absolutely in place, very--very good and effective ways to deal with those tiny numbers who have not fully paid their Federal taxes.    So, to be lashed when you are the best, I don't know what you have to do. And we are seeing a generation which may be the golden generation of Federal employees. These employees who came in after JFK. These people who were the best and the brightest who decided to give it all to the Federal Government when they could have been everywhere, and if you want to see just good they are, there are annual prizes. And these people have invented things that if they'd invented them in the private sector, they would be millionaires by now. Discovered all kinds of health benefits. It's quite amazing. I go to this ceremony every year.    I'm particularly interested in the Department of Homeland Security, Ms. Emerson, because the last agency in the country perhaps we need to have last--rated last is this high security agency within this--which in this very room we created in order to secure the homeland. Now, some of the reasons are quite obvious. I mean, we just finished having a late budget fight when everybody else in the Federal Government was funded except your security agency. Imagine how that would make you feel if you work for one of those agencies. And over nothing. Had to give up in the end. So why do such a fight. I don't even want to go into the sequestration, and to not having--and to the continuing cuts on--in pay. So I think everybody ought to understand that there's a wonder that there's anything approaching good morale.    But when you look at the Department of Homeland Security, which ranks near the bottom and is so important to every American, how would you explain, Ms. Emerson, its low ranking?    Ms. Norton. I know that--I appreciate and I'm very sorry. I had a breakfast of my own. I could not go to this meeting that he has come forward personally to try to explain what he's doing, but I was concerned that the senior leadership of all places is where you've seen so much turnover at the Department of Homeland Security. Why is that?    Ms. Norton. Secretary Johnson has characterized it as a leadership vacuum of alarming proportions.    Ms. Norton. You do have some--some acting officials in a fair number of your top jobs. Is that because of difficulty in getting people to come to the agency because of the difficulties it's preceded, or is there some--it's incumbent--it's gotten or is there some other reason?    Ms. Norton. Well, I can't help but notice that the one agency within the Department of Homeland Security that stands out is the United States Coast Guard, and it is the one agency that already has its new headquarters. You are building a new headquarters here in the District of Columbia. The Congress has slowed you up, and as a result has cost the taxpayers billions more because the only agency to be completely built is the Homeland--is the United States Coast Guard, and yet it has strong scores among the best places. Do you think that has something to do with the fact that at least they have a decent place to work?    Ms. Norton. No. I'm talking about the Coast Guard building.    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.