    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, sometimes the track record of a particular witness to obfuscate is so strong that it vitiates the purpose of additional questions. And all that one can do is to state the facts and hope that they will be enough to serve the cause of justice.    Commissioner John Koskinen took over the Internal Revenue Service in the wake of the IRS conservative group targeting scandal, ostensibly, for the precise purpose of reforming that agency internally. Instead, he pointedly continued his predecessor's legacy of deliberately stonewalling justice.    After Lois Lerner, director of the IRS's tax-exempt organizations unit invoked the Fifth Amendment when she appeared before Congress, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform issued a subpoena for IRS documents, including all of Lois Lerner's emails. The IRS's chief technology officer specifically issued a preservation order instructing employees not to destroy any emails, backup tapes, or anything relevant to the investigation.    But, Mr. Chairman, despite a congressional subpoena and a do-not-destroy order, the IRS inspector general found that the agency erased 422 backup tapes containing as many as 24,000 emails. And I know that has been stated here. But all the while, Commissioner Koskinen knowingly kept Congress in the dark.    Commissioner Koskinen was clearly aware that the emails had been lost, but he knowingly and deliberately withheld that information from Congress for 4 months and stonewalled the entire investigation. Mr. Koskinen testified under oath four different times before Congress during that 4-month period saying he would turn over all of Lerner's emails, making no mention of the fact that the bulk of them had already been ``lost.''    Mr. Koskinen provided false testimony and swore under oath that the information on the bulk of the backup tapes was unrecoverable. The inspector general found that approximately 700 of those emails had not, in fact, been erased and were, in fact, recoverable. Commissioner Koskinen then failed to protect citizens against the same type of future discrimination.    A General Accounting Office report found no significant measures had been implemented under Mr. Koskinen's watch to ensure that civil servants at the IRS don't continue in the future to unlawfully target Americans based on their political or religious views. Mr. Chairman, this entire matter was absolutely counter to everything a republic like ours was meant to be. In a constitutional republic like the United States of America, we are fundamentally predicated on the rule of law.    And there are very few things that more shamefully break faith with America and the American people or that undermine their trust in their government more than witnessing those given the sacred responsibility to enforce taxation equally and according to the law, using the Federal Government's power of taxation and its attending power to unlawfully and economically destroy.    For them to then deliberately oppress American citizens based on their religious or political views with these powers is an unconscionable act. And such a tyrannical abuse of power and the betrayal of their sworn oath to the United States constitution by Mr. Koskinen and Mr. Obama will be writ large in their legacy because it is something that goes to the very heart of the rule of law in this republic and that so many lying out in Arlington National Cemetery died to preserve.    Mr. Koskinen would never have allowed an American taxpayer to treat an IRS audit the way he and other IRS officials have treated this congressional investigation. The Congress owes it to the American people and future generations and to our sworn oath to the Constitution to hold the perpetrators of this tyrannical abuse of power accountable and to make sure it never happens again.    Mr. Chairman, with that, I yield back.