    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Deutch, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to discuss USAID's efforts to provide humanitarian assistance to the more than 13 million in Syria affected by the crisis there. The billions of dollars USAID has invested not only provide relief to those impacted, it strengthens our standing in the world. Yet despite our goodwill, bad characters have taken advantage of the complex situation for personal gain, ultimately denying Syrian people the food, clothing, health care, and other aid they urgently need.    Today, I will summarize the actions our special agents and investigators have taken to uncover and stop fraud. I will also highlight several program management concerns exposed by these investigations.    When the U.S. designated the response to Syria as a contingency operation, we ramped up our oversight in the region. OIG investigators briefed hundreds of USAID and implementer staff on fraud indicators and developed a comprehensive handbook for how to identify and report fraud. They also stood up the Syria Investigations Working Group to share information with other U.S. and international oversight organizations about ongoing investigative issues.    To date, we have received 116 complaints of alleged abuse and have opened 25 investigations. Some complaints relate to terrorist diversions, but the majority, roughly two-thirds, relate to theft and fraud schemes, such as collusion, product substitution, and false claims. For example, vendors paid bribes or kickbacks to implementer staff in exchange for competitive bidding data or manipulation of bid evaluations.    One of our product substitution cases involved a Turkish vendor that placed more salt and less lentils in food kits to increase their profits. We also found nonfood kits in a warehouse in Syria that were missing items or included substandard products, such as poor quality frying pans that can easily be bent and folded and tarps that were too small to shelter an adult. In one false claims case, a Jordanian NGO fabricated documentation that it distributed nonfood items to communities in southern Syria when, in fact, the goods were distributed by another organization at its own expense.    To date, we have made seven referrals to USAID regarding nine implementers. These referrals prompted USAID actions ranging from employee and program suspensions and terminations to now placing specific conditions on implementer awards and agreements. Our investigative outcomes have resulted in $11.5 million in savings and six programmatic suspensions of awards valued at $305 million. This represents about a third of the money USAID disbursed in Fiscal Years 2015 and 2016. This demonstrates the impact our work has had and the proactive measures taken to further prevent losses.    Our investigative cases not only stopped fraud, but also raised a number of concerns about implementer procurement practices and internal controls for managing projects as well as USAID's oversight.    First, we question whether implementers' procurement policies and internal controls are appropriate for the high-risk environment. In an effort to expedite procurements, implementers used an emergency waiver to bypass established procurement policies and procedures, including full and open competition. While the use of these waivers is allowable when the needs are urgent, they were used for an extended period of time and were not accompanied by enhanced monitoring. Internal control concerns relate to implementers' quality control procedures such as allowing vendors to ship materials across the border without the items being inspected and accepting substandard items. In addition, some implementers did not pursue allegations, overlooked evidence of wrongdoing, or did not notify USAID or OIG of internal investigations.    Finally, our cases point to potential gaps in USAID oversight of implementers. For example, OFDA generally did not require implementers to obtain prior agency approval of large subcontracts or set requirements to inspect them. Further, DART teams responsible for coordinating and managing response efforts did not include permanent subject-matter experts to evaluate procured items.    While we are encouraged by the steps USAID has taken and plans to take in response to the vulnerabilities we identified, continued vigilance and a better understanding of program deficiencies is required. To that end, my office, along with our partners at DOD and State, remain committed to aggressively cracking down on fraud, waste, and abuse. Concurrently, my office plans to advance audit work aimed at identifying systemic weaknesses and additional actions USAID can take to eliminating vulnerabilities before they can be further exploited.    Providing aid in conflict settings presents significant challenges and frequently calls for flexible practices. However, as our investigators demonstrate and their work, flexibility cannot eclipse rigor.    Madam Chairman, Ranking Member Deutch, this concludes my prepared statement. I would be happy to take any questions that you may have.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Yes, for a period of time.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Let me make a few comments with regard to your question. First of all, I am very proud of the work that our office of special agents and investigations have done in this crisis.    When the overseas contingency operation was activated in 2014, proactive efforts went into the region, identified all of the implementers that were in that region, conducted 32 fraud awareness briefings with, you know, over 400 individuals, including USAID, DART teams, implementers, public international organizations. From that, these allegations have come forward, we opened cases and we found fraud.    USAID's response to that has been very, very promising. And what I will say to that is that we have ongoing communications with the various bureaus affected by this, whether it be OFDA, whether it be Food for Peace, regarding what we found. And they have taken actions in terms of suspensions, debarments, special conditions put on awards, employee terminations, and they have done so oftentimes without having a full record of our investigation.    And just to make a point of that, it is very difficult to sit down with organizations or with employees and say, you are being suspended, or you are being terminated, without the full underpinnings of an investigation. So this speaks to what USAID proper has done in response to that, and they have taken approximately 35 actions as a result of our work.    With regard to the U.N.--with regard to the U.N., what happens is--and as you noted in your statement, so much of the money flows through U.N. organizations, these, you know, PIOs, as we refer to them. It is absolutely important, because we do not have independent oversight of those operations, that information is shared.    Our office of investigations put together--and I know you asked me about this when we met the other day, and I am proud of it, so if I may hold it up for all of you--a fraud prevention and compliance handbook just for the region that goes out to everyone. This includes our U.N. counterparts. It includes all of the NGOs. It tells them what to look for. Our Syria Investigations Work Group, which we stood up, is a venue to actually brief the U.N.--our U.N. partners with its World Food Programme, on the fraud we are seeing. We share vendors lists where we have had issues, and we put, I would say, not only them on notice but pressure to say, you are likely working with the same implementers, now here, have at it. So you get the pressure points applied from a number of different perspectives, and I just wanted to take that moment because I am very, very proud of our----    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. I would just add to that, again, to underscore our Syrian Investigations Working Group. We also have reached out sort of on a one-to-one basis. I just recently met with the World Food Programme Inspector General. I know that he was in town working with folks in the bureau as well, and the pressure is really being applied saying, you are going to be working with these same implementers, with these same vendors. We are relying on you to provide this aid.    And I think it is also important to point out the very important role that the U.N. plays. They provide these bulk items in terms of humanitarian assistance into the region. They can have staff in Syria. You know, we need them. They provide a huge role and help us achieve this mission.    We just need to stay on top of them, make sure that the right oversight, the monitoring, the internal controls are established, and that USAID puts some pressure on them to do it.    I will tell you, you can be assured, we will be on it.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. I can tell you that USAID works very, very promptly to try to identify other implementers that we--the aids--that the aid can resume to get to those in need, and they work very heartily and swiftly at that. There sometimes is a delay. I am not going to say there isn't a gap in that aid going out, because it certainly does happen, but these companies needed to be suspended. As our results show, you know, we have six suspensions currently out in place, and those are six program suspensions that fall under some major, major implementers.    The best thing that we can do, and I think it is in line with Tom's statement and the work of GAO overall. USAID's role is really to establish a baseline set of internal controls, procurement practices that they are going to require for any implementer, regardless of who they are. You know how many are out there. The range of their--the rigor and their controls is going to be vast. There should be a baseline standard set for what those internal controls should be, what those good procurement practices should be, and those should be monitored from USAID.    And given that we don't have the oversight authority with the U.N., you know, establishing those expectations, setting them, making that a condition of the money flowing to those in need is--it sounds quite simple, but it hasn't been uniformly applied. And I think it speaks to the recommendations that the GAO report made and certainly to the observations that are coming out of the outcomes we have found.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. What I can tell you is what we reported and what we know, is $1.3 million in losses. And those would be losses that are due to fires, bombings, parachutes not opening when pilots drop, but they also refer to diversions to other terrorist organizations.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. And with regard to fraud, sometimes things, they are stolen, but in terms of fraud, it is hard to quantify the total dollar on fraud.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. I think it goes back to what we said in terms of what is missing. And what is missing is when there aren't clear expectations regarding what should be internal control processes and good procurement practices that need to be in place, given the fact that you are in these highly unstable and stable environments, the fact that it is remote monitoring and remote oversight. Those kinds of things call for special conditions, and I think it is incumbent upon USAID--it all starts with them, setting those baselines of standards, holding its implementers, NGOs to that standard, the U.N. organizations to that standard, and make sure that the reporting does come back. There has to be that basic minimum set of circumstances and requirements put in place, and currently, that is missing.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Calvaresi Barr.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Calvaresi Barr.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Very good.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. We have seven referrals that we have given to USAID, and they involve nine implementers.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Implementers, right. And the program suspensions that we have in place are six. And, again, I just want to underscore, this isn't a wholesale suspension of the implementers at large. These are programs within these implementer----    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. This is data pretty much coming from 2014 through the present.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Since the overseas contingency operation.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. So I think part of the challenge definitely lies in that. And I think we are calling for recommendations along the lines of the types of reporting back you might require under some of these basic standards that you set.    Could it be a phone call? Could it be a printed receipt? Are there ways to put more branding or tags or labeling on the food, on the nonfood items to come back? But because we are in this kind of remote business and we are reliant on others, we have to come up with creative mechanisms to determine that, in fact, that aid did reach those it was intended for. Currently, again, that is a mixed bag, but I think if there are reporting standards and other kind of baselines to establish it, it could help.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Yes.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. It is something that, I think, is under consideration, talking about a whole range of options. But it all starts with even checking at the warehouses before it crosses the border, whether it be in Turkey, in Jordan. You know, it starts there, and then what happens in transit, because, again, this is remote monitoring. This is remote oversight.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. I represent the oversight community, so not being the USAID proper or others to know exactly what their full list of contingents are, I know that for the aid going into Syria, they are working with approximately 29 implementers now. But oftentimes, when these situations occur, folks go into the region very, very quickly in order to deliver the aid, to deliver the assistance, and that--you know, that creates some vulnerabilities in and of itself. They are new to it. We are relying on them. It creates a perfect storm for what our investigations have found.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. You know, hard to say if there are preferred, but I can tell you that all of the implementers have to show themselves as presently responsible. And when that doesn't occur--and there are certain criteria for that--that is when program suspensions and other things happen.    So there are some implementers out there that have very, very good, as I said in the beginning, tight controls, good internal--know what internal controls are brought into play.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. They all get treated the same.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Our work, one of the impacts that we talked about is the fact that we brought in $11.5 million in savings as a result of our fraud investigations. And what that means is when we uncovered the fact, like in the case of a Jordanian NGO that was to provide assistance and had another NGO actually do the transport and deliver the items but yet charged USAID for it when it was incurred by another NGO, shut down that program, shut down that operation. That one in and of itself was $10.5 million of the $11.5 million. So----    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. In some cases--these are ongoing investigations. There could be criminal implications as a result of it, but I can tell you it resulted in a number of employee and implementer terminations, suspensions, debarments.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. We, in fact, have done some audits in the recent past. There are about three audits that were done in the 2014 timeframe. With that said, they were very specific audits looking like a survey of OFDA activities. There were audits regarding Office of Transition Initiatives work there, Food for Peace work.    One thing, if I could take a moment, just since I have been sworn in into this position as the new IG at USAID, one thing that we need to do better--and I am working very quickly to do so--is to make sure that our work informs at the policy and the strategic level and goes after the highest risk areas. We have done tremendous work on Food for Peace programs over the years. They are very, very program transactional specific, but it doesn't raise oftentimes to the higher level.    As a result of our investigative work, a number of program concerns and questions have been raised now regarding internal controls, procurement practices. We are now focusing our audit work and our audit plans going forward on those very real effects that our Office of Investigations have found.    So we have some work to do in that area. And I don't want to belittle what USAID IG has done before, but we need to link it to those policy-level decisions and the bigger picture and the highest risk and crosscutting work across the board, and I am committed to do that.    Ms. Calvaresi Barr. Can I have an extra week on top of that?