    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Goss, thanks for being here.    I want to go back to what the Chairman started with, a question about Mr. Blahous being on the Board. And the question then came up in the Huffington Post with Senator Schumer, Senator Warren, and Senator Whitehouse, something that says it was kind of curious--let's see how they said it, because it was kind of interesting, I thought, the way they stated it.    More or less that it was curious, there was curiously incorporated a number of assumptions playing up the potential insolvency of the program, and it had to do with Mr. Blahous.    You would say there is nothing he has done in that time period that would make you think that somehow this is politically motivated and that him being reappointed, even though the President is the one that nominated him, that it causes a problem, is it? Are you in agreement with that, that Mr. Blahous is not a problem, you haven't seen anything that he has done that is curious that could have influenced the outcomes?    Mr. KELLY. So he is not a problem, you don't look at him as a problem, you don't look at anything about his behavior or anything that he submits as being one of the trustees as curious?    Mr. KELLY. Yeah, but you did say there is none of the trustees that has an overwhelming influence.    Mr. KELLY. Okay. So I am going to take that that as a body you don't see any problem.    And I would like to submit this for the record, if I could, Chairman.    Mr. KELLY. It comes out of the Huffington Post where the three Senators seem to be alarmed that somehow Mr. Blahous would be reappointed.    It doesn't seem to me that is an objective statement, but, again, we live in such a political environment that we have to do these things.    All of the things that we talked about--and I am just trying to think. I come from the private sector, and usually deadlines actually mean something, and there is a penalty if you don't reach the deadline. And this is established pretty much as that is the end line, that is the end time. Why so late?    Mr. KELLY. But the whole purpose of the report, though, is that we can get an early indication of where we are going with this. And if you have to make a correction, I think with anything in life, the earlier you learn about something, the better to respond to it. You can change the direction of something, you can be aware of something and start to move in a different direction so it doesn't actually crash on you.    I am just trying to understand, and the Chairman spoke about this very clearly. But the number of days, I mean, 118 days, 112 days, 82 days, 60 days, 128 days, that seems to be way beyond the pale. But for somebody to say, listen, I know you missed the deadline, but you only missed it by a couple hours maybe or a couple days, but when we go into months of not being able to get that information, what would cause that to happen?    Mr. KELLY. I get that. So it is a collaborative effort, I guess. I am just trying to understand how in the world you would fix something. We look at these things. They seem to be pretty self-evident to me.    And I look at this a little bit differently than some of the folks. I know where the actual revenue comes from. This comes out of people who are working. They are called wage taxes.    So all the revenue we collect comes out of working people. And we have seen a very low labor participation rate. So we have fewer people working, which means there are fewer funds going in. And I know we can play around with the numbers of what people are being paid and what the percentage would be, but it is capped at a certain level.    This program that we say is solvent, we don't have to worry about it, in over 80 years we have built some type of a surplus, it is a paper surplus. You don't really have a sense, at least I don't, that there is some stability in this program that we can go forward knowing this is going to be okay.    You are an actuary, and I know what actuaries do, and I don't care what line of business it is, you are calling out things that you see on the horizon, kind of sending out warning flags of, look, we are not going to be able to sustain this kind of program if we don't do something dramatic soon.    Mr. KELLY. And I appreciate it, because we are all in this for the same reason. But, really, long term, there are only two things you can look at. When you indulge in deficit spending for too long a period of time there is no bright light at the end of the tunnel other than maybe a freight train coming at you.    You are either able to decrease your spending or increase your revenue, one or the other, a combination of both would be great, but we have to get people back to work in an economy that is actually steamrolling along and not growing at below 1 percent and think that somehow things are going to get better if we just wait long enough.    Thanks so much for being here. But I do want to stay in touch with you, because this is a great concern for every single American.