    Mr. Russell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Madam Secretary, Admiral, General.    Part of the concerns that I hear, Madam Secretary, about a policy push on the trade Pacific authority, the trade partnership authority and the move to the Pacific is that if you look at history, when Commodore Perry went in and said we are going to open up Tokyo, and did, they immediately adopted our ways. We saw within two generations incredible industrial capability, military doctrine, to the point where they even defeated a world power.    John Hay at the turn of the century then developed an open-door policy with China as a hedge on Japan, almost using the same terms, hegemony. And now we see this push into the Pacific, and while we have had briefings here in the last couple of years with the same talks of how we are going to expand or change our posture or do different things, now it does not seem that the diplomatic or military advances are keeping pace with the trade advances.    Unfortunately, in 15 years we went from ally, making ships, signing naval treaties, to having to melt Japanese out of pillboxes and drop atomic bombs on their cities. I would hope that as we make an advance and a pivot into the Pacific, that we would not make those same policy errors.    My question would really be to the admiral or to the general. Missile defense seems to be the greatest short-term threat that we could possibly face. You have limited AN/TPY-2 radars. The funding for those and the building of those does not seem to be a priority, and yet they may be the very things that stand between us and this incredible threat. How is that being addressed?    Mr. Russell. And I appreciate that, Admiral, and thank you. I--In fact, it brings up the larger concerns of power projection and even long logistical lines for reinforcement even if we can project power. This month in history over 100,000 Americans had to surrender at Bataan, not for a lack of fight, not for lack of leadership, but for lack of capacity to get to them. And with a lot of these things, I realize the constraints that each of you live under. And the policy has shifted, but we don't necessarily see the resources coming your way.    How would you--what counsel or what advice would you give to Members of the Congress of how we correct that as we look at a complete pivot in changing the economies globally and the friction points that that will create, and yet not have a Bataan-like future or an inability to project power and to also sustain it? Either one.    General Scaparrotti. Yes, sir, thank you.    I think, in terms of the projection of power, I am probably the best example of that requirement. I have 28,500 service members on the peninsula, sufficient for today, but certainly if we begin to escalate, specifically to BMD , I will ask for additional ballistic missile defense assets very quickly in order to safeguard not only our military installations, but the American civilians we have there and along with our ROK allies.    So when we look at resourcing, the impact of sequestration in 2013, et cetera, it reduces the readiness of the force. And what I will need on the peninsula are forces that arrive ready to fight in a high-intensity conflict. And then also the impact of sequestration or reduction of resources, as you mentioned, I will need them on a pretty specific timeline, because I have a large adversary in close proximity to the capital of South Korea.