    Mr. Larkin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Madam Ranking Member, and other members of the subcommittee.    I am a 1980 graduate of the Stanford Law School and have spent the bulk of my legal career involved in the criminal justice system in one capacity or another. Among the positions I have held are the following: an attorney in the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section of the Criminal Division at the U.S. Justice Department; Assistant to the Solicitor General in the Office of the Solicitor General at the Justice Department; counsel to the Senate Judiciary Committee when it was under the Chairmanship of Senator Orrin Hatch; and Special Agent in Charge in the EPA Criminal Investigation Division.    I have also written on some of the subjects that this committee will address today and perhaps in the future.    I would like to make just a few brief points today. First, it is generally a mistake to use the criminal law for regulatory enforcement. For most of Anglo-American legal history, society has used the criminal law to punish crimes that violated local, cultural mores or norms. The result was that everyone in the community knew what was a crime.    Unfortunately, that is not always the case anymore. Over the last 150 years, American law has started to use the criminal process as an enforcement mechanism in the administrative agencies' enforcement of regulatory programs. While there is no problem with doing that through an administrative or civil process, there is a problem created when you try to use the criminal process.    The problem is, it can be extraordinarily difficult for people to know exactly where the line is between what is permitted and what is prohibited; and the result is you can have the same problems that arise from an unduly vague statute, namely, the average member of the public may not know exactly what is and is not a crime.    Second, even if Congress wants to use law enforcement to enforce regulatory regimes, the job will be better handled, I believe, by traditional law enforcement agencies, such as the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the U.S. Marshal Service.    The public is fully aware of those agencies, but the public, however, is oftentimes completely unaware of other more specialized law enforcement agencies, like those you see at particular regulatory agencies. The result is likely to lead to mistakes of identity, as well as perhaps the sort of problem you talked about, Mr. Chairman, in the overuse of Federal authority.    But equally important is that it runs the risk that regulatory agencies will use their law enforcement agencies on trivial cases in order simply to justify their budget and their existence. That is a problem throughout law enforcement generally. It is not limited just to these agencies, but it has perhaps become most acute when it is.    Third, overuse of SWAT teams and dynamic entries and the like has led to unfortunate results. Witness what happened when county officers made a dynamic entry into the home of the Berwyn Heights, Maryland mayor who was mistakenly suspected to be a drug trafficker. The officers shot and killed his two Labrador Retrievers and terrorized him and his family.    Different Federal agencies with regulatory responsibility have sought this sort of authority as well, and giving it to them, I think, is only likely to lead to more of these sorts of problems.    Given that--I think it was the Ranking Member who mentioned the Lacey Act--let me add just one last point and then I will give my remaining time to you. The Lacey Act raises a host of constitutional problems because of the way it is drafted. What the Lacey Act does is grant Federal lawmaking authority to foreign officials, people who are neither legally nor politically accountable to the public or by the courts.    The result is that the Lacey Act, for those reasons, violates Articles I and II of the Constitution as well as the due process clause.    I have explained this at length in an article that was recently published by the Harvard Journal of Law and Public Policy. I have a copy with me, and if you would like, I would be glad to give it to you for submission into the record.    With that, Mr. Chairman, Madam Ranking Member, I give you back my remaining time. I'm glad to answer any questions you have.    Mr. Larkin. I am not as familiar as you are. I have read an article about it; so I am generally familiar with it, but not with the specifics.    Mr. Larkin. No, I do not. I think enforcement of the fish and game laws and the like should be left to state and local authorities. Generally speaking, they have the authority even if the property that is at issue is in the concurrent jurisdiction of the Federal and state governments.    If the property happens to be within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Federal Government, then the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Marshal Service allow the Marshal to designate state and local law enforcement officers as Special Deputy U.S. Marshals, so that they can then enforce the state laws in that area.    Now, the problem here is also a more general one. Federal law enforcement agencies have grown up in a haphazard manner over the course of the Nation's history. Originally we started with the Marshal Service and the Customs Service--the Marshal Service because we needed someone like a sheriff; the Customs Service because the only way we made any money was through the taxes imposed on importation and exportation.    All of the other agencies have grown up without Congress ever stepping back and asking itself this question: What are the crimes that only the Federal Government can handle? And there are some.    Only the Federal Government can handle espionage, international terrorism, state and local political corruption, civil rights violations, environmental crimes, interstate complex or very sophisticated fraud. Those are the sorts of crimes that the Federal Government should focus on; and it should limit its assets devoted to law enforcement to those sorts of matters, not the Fish and Game matters.    Mr. Larkin. They should handle the law enforcement crimes that state and local law enforcement officers can handle. It does not mean that we should denude Federal law enforcement officers of all their ability on Federal land.    For example, were a Marshal or were an FBI agent to see a violent crime committed in his or her presence, that agent should step in and handle that; but Federal agents are trained and are qualified to handle crimes that only the Federal Government can. So, whenever you divert their time and their assets and their resources to handle crimes that state and local people can handle, you take away from what they can do.    You see, the problem often in law enforcement is not that there is not a law that deals with the problem. The problem often is there are not enough people to investigate the case.    Take fraud, whether it is an international fraud, an interstate fraud, or a fraud that is committed entirely on Wall Street. It is a very resource intensive investigation. You do not oftentimes need new laws to deal with those sorts of crimes. What you need are more agents, more accountants, more lawyers, more assets like that to look into the problem.    If you take the people that you need to investigate those crimes that only the Federal Government can handle away from that responsibility and give them the responsibility of handling things that the state and locals can handle, you are hurting the Nation's interest in law enforcement.    Mr. Larkin. I cannot think of any specific instances where Congress had decriminalized existing criminal programs in regulatory agencies, but it does mean that Congress should not consider this a worthwhile effort.    For example, it is often the case that Congress adds small-scale criminal provisions to different pieces of legislation, maybe making something a misdemeanor or a minor offense so they can then draw on the existing law enforcement agencies to do the work.    Over time then you will see that people will try to accumulate these crimes into larger crimes and felonies and add to the authority of agencies by creating some new programs.    In my view what Congress should do is reconsider the entire allocation of Federal criminal investigation responsibilities and transfer the authority that regulatory agencies' criminal programs currently have, transfer these to the FBI.    Mr. Larkin. The latter.    Mr. Larkin. The latter.    Mr. Larkin. I think what you have is an unfortunate circumstance where we have had an over-proliferation of SWAT teams and military equipment used by law enforcement departments. There are not nearly the number of instances where that is necessary.    The problem is, once you start creating SWAT teams, everybody wants one. You could call it the curse of testosterone, if you will. You have this problem not only by giving this authority to Federal regulatory agencies, but by giving military equipment to too many state and local agencies.    The proliferation or over-militarization of law enforcement is only going to endanger the relationships that law enforcement needs with the public.    I was a Federal agent. I worked in the EPA criminal program. I could not have gotten my job done without the work of state and local law enforcement. If law enforcement damages that relationship, and if both of them damage the relationship with the public, no one is going to benefit.    Mr. Larkin. I think he is wrong for several reasons. In the first place, the Lacey Act is unconstitutional. As I explained in my written statement, the Lacey Act delegates authority to foreign officials, officials of foreign governments, to define elements of crimes that can be prosecuted in the U.S. courts. That violates Articles I and II of the Constitution, as well as the due process clause.    Second, the U.S. Marshal Service or the FBI also have authority in the areas that now the Fish and Wildlife Service works. I believe that it would be better to transfer the authority that we have now given to different agencies, such as the Fish and Wildlife Service, to the U.S. Marshal Service or the FBI, so that you can take advantage not simply of economies of scale, but of the greater long-term experience and greater access to SWAT units and the like when it is necessary in order to enforce the laws that are necessary in those areas.    Third, state and local law enforcement officers can be made Special Deputy U.S. Marshals in areas that are subject to either exclusive or concurrent Federal jurisdiction, and so state and local law enforcement officers can be used to deal with those sorts of crimes.    Fourth, the Lacey Act is a very specialized statute. The Federal Assimilative Crimes Act incorporates, for any particular area that is within Federal jurisdiction, state and local offenses. So Federal law enforcement officers can enforce those state and local offenses even if there is not a similar Federal crime on the books.    So, eliminating the Lacey Act will in no way endanger the lives or safety of the people who benefit from using our national parks.    Mr. Larkin. Not at all. That is entirely appropriate.