    Dr. Canavan. It is nice to be back. I am here to talk about the detection of clandestine nuclear weapons.    The last time I was here I made the argument, which I think has held up pretty well, that fast neutrons could be used to detect bare nuclear weapons in things of the size of, say, a TEU or two TEU, for weapons that were in with a manifest of ordinary things, normally in one of those containers. This time I want to extend that to say I believe that the same approach can be used to detect nuclear weapons which are in TEUs, but instead of just the bare core itself, something with a basketball size of moderator or absorber around it to minimize its signatures to make it harder to detect.    I am talking about nuclear weapons rather than the dirty bombs which have been primarily discussed up to this point. And I am emphasizing weapons, because nuclear weapon material--uranium or plutonium--has essentially no useful and reliable signature that can be detected passively. Uranium and plutonium have a few gammas that are easily screened out by a thin layer of lead. So you really do need to do something to excite the system in order to get a signal out--in this case a fission, a unique and discernable signature that leads to high-confidence detection.    I am sorry Ms. Hahn left, because it is also a very fast detection system. It has a very low false alarm ratio. Therefore, it would be suitable to inspection of everything that goes through a port, rather than just a fraction of it, because it is fast and doesn't have the false alarm problems for reasons that I will come back to in just a minute.    It is largely the same story as the previous testimony. Fast neutrons scatter around inside the container. If they encounter nuclear material, they produce fission. The fission neutrons diffuse out as a distinct and pervasive signal that is easily detected.    The reactions that produce the fission neutrons produce a big separation in energy between the source neutrons and the fission neutrons, which is the basis for high signal-to-noise ratio detection. Filtering between the two energies detects the signal.    A couple of quick points. One is that the fast neutrons penetrate a large portion of material to produce this direct signal. Even when something is buried in an enormous amount of moderator, the high signal return from the moderator itself still reveals the composition and thickness of that moderator, which signals the object's intended purpose.    A related point that I thought would have come up the last time, but didn't, is that when someone puts additional moderator around a weapon to hide its signature from the weapon, that increases its signature and criticality.    As an example, if you take a solid-core device, the kind Pakistan has put into international commerce now, back off about 10 percent margin for safety, but then add another 15 centimeters of moderator around it for signature reduction, you return it right back up to criticality. That won't hurt us, but might be a problem for the person who assembles it at the point of origin.    A related point is that when you put fast neutrons into a nuclear assembly, it produces fewer fast neutrons than you put in. So you cannot generate a critical assembly, or a nuclear explosion, by nuclear interrogation itself of a subcritical device. So that is not an additional concern.    A related point is that when you interrogate a nuclear assembly with a moderator around it, the neutrons bounce back and forth between the core and moderator and produce fission many times. The net result is that you get a signal that persists many--10, 100--times longer than the length of the exciting pulse. It is a distinct signal with high energy that persists for long times and propagates long distances from the device.    A technical point is that the detection on the basis of energy depends on the ratio of the difference in energy between the fission and the source neutrons divided by their variance. I am sorry, this is statistics 101, I can see you are not appreciating this, sir. No more math, no more math.    Dr. Canavan. But the point is that fission produces a big energy separation, and for fundamental reasons, the variances of the fission neutrons become smaller in time as they go down in energy. Their signal-to-noise ratios get to be 100, 1,000, 10,000. With very high signal-to-noise, you have very low false alarm ratios, which is what Ms. Hahn was alluding to.    And so, it is everything that you would like to have. Plus, as it turns out, the way the statistics go together, the high signal-noise ratios that you generate are quite insensitive to the statistics of the noise, so the signals remain exceedingly high.    To put this into context, x rays can tell you that there is mass, but can't tell you what it is. Passive sensors can't detect nuclear materials with low signals. There is nothing to detect. And thermal neutrons, which is what the DOD spent most of its money on after 9/11, produce complicated detection schemes with low statistics that are easy to counter measure.    Overall, fast neutron interrogation offers an approach that would fit well with the sensors and mountings for these existing systems, and would produce what I think is an exceedingly high signal noise, low false alarm, high throughput system, based on fairly straightforward physics that is used in reactors and experiments every day, sensors that are used today for down-hole well-hole logging, and detectors that are used for reactors and experimental physics for measurements are made at fairly low and benign energies.    Thank you very much, sir, and I am sorry about the math.    Dr. Canavan. Well, that is what I am saying. It is unfortunate Ms. Hahn stepped out, because that----    Dr. Canavan. Have I done it again, sir? The--that is exactly what I was shooting for, was a system that had a--if you have a very high signal-to-noise ratio, which is what you can get from math that I won't go into here----    Dr. Canavan. Then you have a very low false alarm rate to where you don't have any need for a human intervention. So that is----    Dr. Canavan. At the top level, that is the answer. The other answer is that whether you use x rays or whatever, the--they are only sensitive to mass. They don't know what the mass is. To them a bomb looks--has the same kind of material in it--as a ball bearing. The reason you have a human operator there to look at these from all different angles, having seen all this many times before, to add human experience, is because you have a lousy signal to start with. All you know is that something bounced a lot of x rays back. With fast neutron interrogation, you actually are stimulating the core of the thing you are looking for to release fission neutrons, which have a unique and specific and high signature, which can't be confused with hardly anything else in the universe.    So you have a great signature to start with, a real signature, and not just some x rays getting bounced around. Plus you have a very high signal-to-noise ratio. That is why the goal that I had was not only to find a nuclear weapon, but to be able to candle everything that went through a port. And I think that is what I have tried to demonstrate in the testimony that I prepared.    Incidentally, I would like to ask that that be submitted for the record. I forgot to ask before.    Dr. Canavan. Yes, sir. That is what I was shooting at. And like I say, there are two things. One thing is that there is a real nuclear signature from a nuclear weapon. Nothing else looks like it when you hit it with fast neutrons. So the one thing is you have a real signature that you don't with all the others. I am not criticizing what these other groups are doing. You do what you can. If they just have systems that have very indirect signatures, I think they are working very hard to get the very best they can out of that.    What I am saying here is that for reasons that nobody bothered to look at for some reason, there is a system that gives you the combination of a unique nuclear signature and a very high signal-to-noise ratio, low false alarm rate that sort of gets you away from reliance on all of these other signatures that are very indirect.    Dr. Canavan. Sir?    Dr. Canavan. No. This is my own little research project. Well, maybe I should form a company.    Dr. Canavan. Well, the neutrinos are nice, but they don't interact very well, and the sources are terrible. But the thing that is popular right now, the closest thing, is muon detection, and that is what a company is testing in Freeport, in the Bahamas.    Dr. Canavan. And that works well. But again, it just measures mass, it does not measure nuclear signatures.    And so, you know, I don't want to criticize what other people are doing. You do--you try--everybody is trying to put together a good system, based on whatever we have, which ain't much. After 9/11 it was basically nothing, right?    Dr. Canavan. So people are trying very hard to do the right thing. I am just saying I think this is a very nice system which, for some reason, we just skipped over. And I would like to see somebody pick it up and do it.    Dr. Canavan. To me, ma'am?    Dr. Canavan. Well, I thought the question had to do with----    Dr. Canavan. With radiological material, it is a little bit difficult, because that is just sort of nuclear garbage, and there is lots of it around the world. And you might get lucky, and you might make an attribution, but I find that unlikely.    With nuclear weapons material, attribution is a little bit cleaner--particularly if you intercept it before detonation--because with--particularly with plutonium, the different groups that make plutonium have different preferred ways of doing it, so there might be some intermediate group that got control of it or delivered it, but you have a fighting chance of knowing who made it in the first place.    So, the attribution is kind of all across the spectrum. I would say very little likelihood of attribution on the garbage side, reasonable chance on the plutonium. For uranium, which is a big problem right now, you know, it is just how long you want to spend your centrifuges, your--and they are all derivatives of Urenco's. Some people try to argue that you can do an attribution there on the basis of their details. I kind of doubt it, although that last statement is just my personal guess.    Dr. Canavan. No, ma'am. I didn't mean to say it couldn't cause damage.    Dr. Canavan. The thing is that the radiological threats, the dirty bombs that we----    Dr. Canavan . We have been working on for quite some time, can cause a lot of economic damage because you can spread them on somebody's street, or throw them in a building, and then that is a real cost problem. But once that happens, people will generally get the heck out of the way, so the loss of life is smaller for that kind of weapon.    I come from a place where we worry a little bit less about radiological insults than other places.    Dr. Canavan. When I first went to Los Alamos, I think we had the universe's only known open pit plutonium mine. We dug up the old plutonium residue from the war, moved it out, and covered it with a thick layer of dirt. It took time and effort, but worked well. So I may have a more casual attitude than others towards dirty bombs. They are a real problem because their materials are more accessible than those for weapons, but they are not as catastrophic--particularly in terms of loss of life. But I have experts here, right?