    Mr. Grothman. Thanks much. I think we are eventually going to call on Ms. Mayhew to ask questions, but I will just make a little comment first. I think there is probably no program in my district that people come up and talk to me about more. People are aware almost anywhere that they sell food stamps or whatever, SNAP, for 50 cents on the dollar, and of course if you needed every dollar on food, you wouldn't be selling your food for 50 cents on the dollar, so that by itself indicates that there is--you know, people are getting these things who don't need them at all.    You know, I know somebody whose sister runs a grocery store, and she says you can tell just by what is in the cart who has got the SNAP and who is paying their money, and I think that is routine, which also shows there is something fundamentally wrong program. It is one of many welfare-related programs that our employers attribute to having a hard time getting employees to work because of course the more you work, the more you lose the benefits.    And finally, it is something more and or we are hearing over time that discourages people from raising children in wedlock because, of course, if you raise children in wedlock, like many other welfare benefits, you lose your SNAP. I think that is probably, of all the bad things about the program, the worst. It is one more inducement to raise children out of wedlock, which is unfortunate.    But we are going to start with Ms. Mayhew. Could you comment on after you went through the wonderful things you did are SNAP benefits still being sold for 50 cents on the dollar in Maine? What is the going rate as far as you know?    Mr. Grothman. Right. I will just give you the question. In Maine what is the going rate for SNAP right now? Are they selling it for 50 cents on the dollar, 60 cents on the dollar? What is the going rate?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Well, I will ask Ms. Dean. Do you live here in the Washington, D.C., area?    Mr. Grothman. When you ask your local ----    Mr. Grothman. What is the going rate for SNAP benefits in the Washington, D.C., area?    Mr. Grothman. Wait a minute. Whenever I talk to people in the food stores or people of the class that good food share, they don't think it is uncommon. They tell me about these 50-cents-on-the-dollar sales all the time. In Florida, Mr. Carroll, what is the going rate for SNAP in Florida?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Mr. Concannon, when you get out and talk to people in the underclass, what are they selling their SNAP benefits for?    Mr. Grothman. No. No, no, no.    Mr. Grothman. No, can I finish up because he is just saying something I don't think is true or he is ----    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Meadows.--if we can at this ----    Mr. Grothman. You want to give me a second round.    Mr. Grothman. Well, thank you. A couple things. First of all, I want to respond to something one of the other Congressmen said where he I think intentionally mischaracterized what I said or lied about what I said. With regard to my exchange with Mr. Concannon, the question is when you have so many programs, the benefits of which disappear when you marry somebody with an average income, the question is whether it affects people's decision as to whether or not to get married. And when you add up the Medicaid and the SNAP and the low-income housing and the Pell grants and the disability for kids, you can wind up with huge amounts of money.    So I think what I said was completely mischaracterized, but I will ask Mr. Concannon again because I think you gave me a wrong answer as well. There is a marriage penalty, I believe, associated with SNAP. And you sit there and shake your head on that. But if you marry someone who moves in with you and they are making, let's say, $40,000 a year, isn't it true that if the person who initially has some benefits that you will lose your SNAP benefits, as well as many other benefits which you are entitled to by your classification of being low income because no longer you and the father of the child are considered low income? Isn't that true, Mr. Concannon?    Mr. Grothman. That's exactly right ----    Mr. Grothman. That is what we call a marriage penalty. Very good.    Now, a question for Mr. Carroll, and Congressman Meadows dealt with this a little bit, but we are going to talk a little bit more about the National Accuracy Clearinghouse, right? And that was a very successful program, correct?    Mr. Grothman. It is a pilot but ----    Mr. Grothman. A substantial number, right?    Mr. Grothman. Somebody here put down on this thing they gave me currently Florida averages 162 matches a day. Is that possible?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I guess I would call that a successful pilot program.    I will ask Mr. Concannon what you have learned from that pilot program and whether you think it would be a good idea to follow up with that pilot program all over the country.    Mr. Grothman. And will the program--you think the program will be expanded nationwide?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I will just give you one more question because you really didn't answer before or I will give it to any of you, and I always wonder about this. Like I said, I get around my district, I even talk to people here in Washington, but certainly, you know, in Wisconsin we have big cities, we have little cities. Wherever I go, people are selling their SNAP benefits at 50 cents on the dollar.    Now, that indicates to me that they must be getting food from somewhere else or that maybe they don't need the benefits. I would strongly encourage you who are not familiar with that to get out a little bit more and talk to people in the real world and, you know, deal with people in that income class and see how much SNAP benefits are being sold for in your area.    But could anybody give me a reason as to why, if we have this huge food crisis in our country, people are selling their benefits for 50 cents on the dollar? Mr. Carroll?    Mr. Grothman. May I have another question?    Mr. Grothman. You gave yourself ----    Mr. Grothman.--15 minutes.    Mr. Meadows.--it is part of being a chairman.    Mr. Grothman. Wisconsin we have PIN numbers. They have PIN numbers nationwide. Is that a nationwide thing now?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And how about photo ID, photo on the card? Do you think we should be doing that, everybody have a photo on the card?