    Mr. Schweikert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Director Cordray, for your stamina. We are all appreciative of it.    A lot of the best questions have been asked, so we will go to the next tier down. And also, being a former treasurer, I have some empathy for some of your background.    Mr. Schweikert. Can I bank through a number of, just sort of, bullet points and give me what you have?    Mr. Schweikert. Owner carry-back, there was a discussion. Some of the rules sets up I am selling my home, I own it free and clear, I choose to take that property, right, which is my equity, and carry the payments back.    There was discussion about restricting, if I had more than a couple of properties, I was selling that way. For those of us out West, this has been a very common practice. Do you know where that is at?    Mr. Schweikert. You act as the owner of the property, you accept the payments. You act as the, we will call it, the lender.    Mr. Schweikert. Owner carry--    Mr. Schweikert. Yes. Because if I remember, there was a restriction saying I could not do a 5-year due payment. After I was going to be restricted to the number of transactions, I was going to end up--    Mr. Schweikert. If I did more than three, I was going to have to do--    Mr. Schweikert. Meet the know-my-customer rules.    Mr. Schweikert. And for many of us, that is how we got our first home.    Mr. Schweikert. What do you mean--    Mr. Schweikert. I can see the intellectual line on the number of transactions.    Mr. Schweikert. But on the due on sale are--as the popular vernacular is a balloon after a certain bid of time to restrict that.    Mr. Schweikert. Yes.    Mr. Schweikert. Yes, my fear for those is in deeds-of-trust States.    Mr. Schweikert. This is actually somewhat more common.    Mr. Schweikert. So, also, there was a previous discussion about how your rate-checker platform could encourage you to approach this a different way.    Mr. Schweikert. Out there in the market, there are now a dozen different platforms, whether they would be--    Mr. Schweikert. Yes.    Mr. Schweikert. But having been a broker in my previous life, there are many now offering platforms saying, click this, give us your zip code and we will give you your mortgage brokers, your bankers, your institutions. Maybe it would be better off just putting a list of all the different services that do that type of aggregation so you know you are hitting a robust sampling of the market.    Mr. Schweikert. Yes, yes, I accept that, but you also have to be very careful on the samples being taken.    Mr. Schweikert. Are you actually getting a true sample of underlying loan clause, all the mechanics there. I just--it is a path that is going to require probably a lot more staff and mechanics than maybe the agency appreciates--    Mr. Schweikert. --when it is actually being done out in the marketplace already.    Mr. Schweikert. I am just going to bounce to title insurance. You were also accounting treasurer. I beg you to be respectful for those of us from States where we had worked on title insurance rules that is a State-regulated entity.    Mr. Schweikert. Be respectful for how we address it in States. As accounting treasurer, we did a big, big project to go after partials that were delinquent, only to find out many of them were bad deed recordings, mistakes, splits that hadn't been caught. And we went from an environment--Maricopa County is, what, the third or fourth biggest county in the United States where we had very few title insurance claims to hundreds and hundreds and hundreds that we created by doing this cleanup. So we want to be respectful. There is a reason that is out there, both protecting the lenders, the property owners, but also the way a State regulates and approaches that. And I would hate to think there is a Federal solution that tries to crush those of us at the State level and how we do that.    My friend over here also touched on payday loans and access to capital. A quick example that you might appreciate having been accounting treasurer, we were having a little bit of a problem a decade ago on the fees on check cashing. People were walking in and for cash or a check for 5 days, they were almost giving up a day of labor.    Mr. Schweikert. And we had two options, one was to go and regulate that. The other was to go out and encourage everyone to get in the check cashing business, and we took that approach, where even our local convenience markets were doing check cashing, and the price fell through the floor. It is almost free.    May I beg of you when you look at things like payday lending and these, maybe the solution is more players in the market driving down the cost instead of a regulatory command and control system.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.