    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you also for all being here. Ms. Kylie, I was really moved by your written testimony, and, as a mother, I am very keenly aware, and thank you for the importance of having your children be at the food markets as well, the farmers' markets, to have them grab healthy habits with regard to--and I loved how you are putting the face of the farmers who are creating their food. I think that that is really important in the kind of world that we live now. So many of our children are in urban areas, or in areas where they don't meet farmers, to know that these are the people that are growing your food. And it also really does something great for the farmers as well, to see young people who are going to be eating the foods that they are working to create for them.    I wanted to ask you, Dr. Wright, about one of the things that you were talking about. You talked about the best place to inform SNAP recipients of the Double Dollars Program is the state SNAP offices. And it is interesting, and unfortunate, because we know that that outreach is no longer funded by Congress, which at one time funded it. Do you think that that is a good investment of our funding source, to be able to use those offices? I know that our local government does not have the capacity to have someone specifically for that. Have you seen any demonstrable evidence of that being able to assist in the utilization of the program?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    And, Dr. Hesterman, one of the things that we found in our location, I represent the Virgin Islands, it would appear to most people that we would have an abundance of produce. But because our farmers are not on very large scale farming, it becomes an issue of cost for them to be able to be participants in programs like this. But, because of the availability of their produce we are very interested. Our governor, our local Department of Agriculture is really interested in our farmers being able to be participants in the SNAP Program, like school lunch programs, and some of the others.    But availability, and also cost, and the cost of the EBT system, when we don't have access to Square, necessarily, or some of those others, is something that is a barrier to entry for the farmers, and therefore for the recipients of SNAP to be able to receive those kind of programs. What are some creative ways that you think, or have you been looking at--I heard you talk about the app as one. Are there other programs that you are looking at to drive down that cost for the farmers themselves to be able to be participants?    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate the panel's help in understanding the importance of nutritional education and incentive programs. When discussing the overall health of low-income people, incentivizing healthy eating habits, while working within communities, is an important part of looking at how we can continue to best serve our fellow Americans. You have certainly given us plenty to think about as we continue to look for ways to improve the nutrition programs to better serve their recipients. No program is perfect, and we can always do better.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any question posed by a Member. This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition Subcommittee, is adjourned.