    Mr. Bernal. Hello. My name is Les Bernal, and I am the National Director of Stop Predatory Gambling. Our focus is government-sponsored gambling, whether it is casinos, state lotteries, tribal casinos, or the topic of today's hearing, which is Internet gambling.    Government-sponsored gambling is playing a major role in the rising unfairness and inequality in American life, and it is directly impacting the lives of your constituents in your district.    Up until about 10 years ago, for me, government-sponsored gambling was like the paint on the wall. It was just there. I never questioned it. But when you finally stop to look at it, you can't avoid the obvious evidence that this public policy is contributing to the unfairness and inequality in our country, which has been considered one of the defining issues of our time by leaders from across the political spectrum.    Banning the practice of states sponsoring Internet gambling, which the bill before you would do, is part of the foundation of any serious effort toward reversing this rising inequality in our country.    One important job of the Federal Government is to ensure that every state gives every citizen equal protections under the law. Yet, at this moment in history, state governments across the United States are blatantly, blatantly cheating and exploiting their own citizens, infringing on the rights of millions of Americans through the extreme forms of gambling they sponsor and market to our communities. Many of these state-sponsored games, especially electronic gambling machines, are designed mathematically so users are certain to lose their money the longer they play. At the same time, these games are literally designed so citizens can't stop using them. They are exploiting aspects of human psychology and inducing irrational behavior.    Citizens, your constituents, aren't demanding these extreme forms of gambling. No one is pounding the table for this in your district. In partnership with commercial gambling operators, states are forcing these gambling games onto the public. The most recent poll of New Jersey voters found that 57 percent, 57 percent opposed online gambling, and only 32 percent approved. This is after, after their state government began sponsoring online gambling in 2013.    So if not for the Federal Government, who will step in to protect the rights of individuals, your constituents, against these blatantly dishonest practices that are contributing to inequality and being done by an active predatory state?    People are and should remain free to wager money and to play games of chance for money. But while citizens have every right to engage in a financially damaging activity, the government has no business encouraging them to do it.    In most of your congressional districts, 5 percent of your district, 5 percent of your district, about 35,000 of your constituents have been turned upside-down by gambling, most of which was sponsored by state government. This figure does not account for the reality that each of these citizens has at least one or two people close to them whose lives are also upended because of this public policy.    There is no debate that the financial losses of these individuals, these people being harmed by this public policy, they make up the majority of the revenue taken by state-sponsored casinos and lotteries. Millions of men and women and their families have sacrificed and hurt so much to provide these needed revenues to American government. But no one has ever thanked them for their service. There are no parades with fluttering American flags in the breeze, no yellow ribbons. Our country simply renders these people as failures.    Banning state-sponsored Internet gambling also creates more fairness for the two-thirds of your constituents who almost never use government-sponsored gambling. Because of this public policy, they are paying higher taxes for less services. State-sponsored casinos and lotteries have proven to be a failed source of government revenue, and they haven't delivered on their famous promises to fund education, lower taxes, or to pay for needed public services.    The evidence is clear that state-run gambling operations add to rather than ease long-term budget problems for states. Internet gambling sponsored by government will only make it worse. That is why state-sponsored gambling is the symbol of anti-reform politicians across the United States, regardless of party.    ``No taxation without representation'' was one of America's founding principles. After 40 years of state governments using lotteries and casinos to prey on their own citizens, to extract as much money as possible, the time has come to add the principle of ``no taxation by exploitation'' beneath it.    Thank you.    Mr. Bernal. We support the bill.    Mr. Bernal. We strongly think states should not be sponsoring Internet gambling at the state level, and anyone who has any doubt----    Mr. Bernal. The Federal Government should step in and stop state governments from cheating and exploiting their citizens, yes.    Mr. Bernal. When governments are in the business of sponsoring gambling, we oppose that practice. Of the ones you mentioned, online poker, is really a sliver of the whole business. Those who lobby for this, just let us play poker, poker is a tiny amount of their business model. It makes people feel good. People have an association with cards, but that is a very minor piece of this.    Mr. Bernal. Absolutely, I agree that it doesn't have the force of law, and I think the best example is they released it the day before Christmas Eve. That tells you all you need to know.    Mr. Bernal. I don't disagree with that, but I guess the policy question is not so much what happens to your lottery but to the constituents of Louisiana. Is there less inequality and unfairness in Louisiana if the lottery isn't taking their money through online venues? Because what the Louisiana lottery is, or any other lottery that you have in this country, is it is taking money from the less well-off and giving it to the haves. So the evidence is overwhelming that it is an incredible wealth transfer. It is creating inequality in our country, and it is creating it in your state.    Mr. Bernal. It is building on--the Louisiana lottery, part of the reason you have a deficit, a $1.6 billion deficit, is things like the lottery was supposed to fill your budget gaps. But the truth is it has been a failed public policy.    Mr. Bernal. I understand. Understood. But the point is that the lotteries, not just in your state, sir, but all across this country, have not produced the revenues that they were promised. What they have done is they have made everyday people poorer. They have created an incredible amount of inequality, and they go to the heart of the financial inequality in our country today. Gambling is the public voice of government in Louisiana and every other state.    Mr. Bernal. From our perspective, lotteries and casinos, that is all part of an extension of government. Yes, absolutely. The people playing the slot machines, losing their paychecks, absolutely, that is contributing to the inequality and unfairness in your state as well.