    Chairman Royce. This hearing will come to order.    The title of this hearing is ``Financially Rewarding Terrorism in the West Bank.''    And as everyone here knows, last week, a 13-year-old Israeli-American girl was stabbed to death by a Palestinian terrorist while she slept in her bed. Sadly, Hallel Ariel's murder is only the latest attack in Israel, because since October there have been 250 instances of Israelis being chased down, shot, or stabbed. Forty have died, including former U.S. Army Officer Taylor Force, who was stabbed in March along an oceanfront boardwalk.    While this spree of attacks continues, international diplomats continue to meet for a probable push at the United Nations this fall to impose the ``parameters'' of peace on Israel and the Palestinian Authority. But what on earth suggests that Israel has a willing partner in peace at this time?    Last fall, this committee held a hearing to expose the Palestinian Authority's complicity in inciting violence. Israel is contending with a deep-seated hatred, nurtured by Palestinian leaders over many years in mosques, in schools, in newspapers, nurtured on television, on radio. As one witness told the committee, `` `Incitement' is the term we usually use, but 'hatred' is what we mean . . . teaching generations of Palestinian children to hate Jews by demonizing and dehumanizing them.''    Take the funeral for the killer of American Taylor Force, a former West Point graduate, U.S. Army officer, and Vanderbilt student. Official PA TV glorified the terrorist, calling him ``a Martyr'' 11 times in the broadcast I watched. A reporter explained that his funeral was a ``large national wedding befitting of Martyrs.''    But Palestinians are lured to terrorism with more than just words. Since 2003, it has been Palestinian law to reward Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails with a monthly paycheck--legislation which creates jihad. Under this act, the Palestinian Authority and the Palestinian Liberation Organization use a so-called ``martyrs' fund'' to pay the families of Palestinian prisoners and suicide bombers. One prominent Palestinian says that these inducements have become ``sacred in Palestinian politics.''    You know, as a member of one concerned family here today reminded me, these terrorists are not, in fact, lone rangers, they are not lone wolves acting from their independent hatred. Instead, these terrorists are the product of the programming done by the PA's perverted culture that glorifies the willingness to die or to spend time in prison in pursuit of killing or maiming Israelis. The PA programmed this hate. These financial rewards are the main way they accomplish this.    And, perversely, the PA uses a sliding scale: The more the mayhem, the longer the jail sentence, then the greater the financial reward. The highest payments go to those serving life sentences--to those who prove most brutal. And, as we will hear today, the PA allots $140 million of its budget for this purpose. The monthly salary ranges from $364 a month for 3 years' imprisonment to over $3,000 a month for 30 years or more.    And whoever hits the bar, whoever was imprisoned for 5 years or more--and we know what kind of attack would create that--that individual is entitled to permanent employment in what? In the PA institution itself. Again, for those who wage the most brutal attacks. If a Palestinian state was established, it is hard to see how this ``pay to slay'' policy wouldn't put them on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list today.    With about one-third of the Palestinian Authority's budget financed through foreign aid, the U.S. and our European allies can--and must--help stop the bloodshed. So far, the international community has failed to effectively use its leverage. European donors admit they provide funding in a way that is impossible to track. They have nothing in their laws like the U.S. requirement--which the Israeli Government is now starting to embrace--that funding of the PA be cut by the amount the PA pays out for acts of terrorism. This must change. And if the PA's irresponsible behavior continues, the whole premise for funding the PA needs to be reconsidered.    The U.S. needs to do better at bringing the parties together while holding the parties responsible for their actions. This has traditionally been our role. Unfortunately, in recent years, the Obama administration has been hesitant to hold the PA accountable--yet has consistently pressured Israel.    It is no wonder the Palestinian Authority believes they can go straight to the United Nations this fall, bypassing Israel and bypassing bilateral negotiations. Indeed, the Obama administration has pointedly not ruled out allowing the U.N. Security Council to dictate the terms of peace negotiations. The United States should make it abundantly clear that we oppose such actions which are not based on direct negotiations between the parties and will use our veto and keep divisive, counterproductive resolutions from passing.    We have to face reality if we are going to move peace forward, and we have to be honest about each actor's readiness to make peace. The sad truth is the Palestinian Authority has not prepared its citizens for peace with Israel. Quite the opposite. And, tragically, there will be no peace until that changes.    And I now turn to the ranking member for any opening comments Mr. Eliot Engel of New York may have.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    This morning, we are pleased to be joined by a distinguished panel.    We have Dr. David Pollock, Kaufman Fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. And, previously, Dr. Pollock served as a senior adviser for the broader Middle East at the State Department.    Mr. Yigal Carmon is president and founder of the Middle East Media Research Institute. Prior to founding this organization, he was a counterterrorism adviser to two Israeli Prime Ministers.    The Honorable Robert Wexler is President of the S. Daniel Abraham Center for Middle East Peace. Previously, Congressman Wexler served as a member of this committee and served in the House of Representatives from 1997 to 2010. He represented Florida's 19th District. We welcome him back to the committee.    And so, without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made part of the record.    Members here will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements or any questions of our witnesses or any extraneous material for the record.    And we will start with Dr. David Pollock.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Carmon.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Carmon.    Mr. Robert Wexler.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We are going to go with a question I have to Mr. Carmon.    The PA has, as you know, long faced a lot of criticism from Western governments for its policy of paying Palestinian prisoners or the families of prisoners in Israeli jails. And we here in Congress have, you know, consistently passed legislation over the last few years that requires restrictions on financial aid to the Palestinian Authority based on the amounts spent on these salaries.    The problem that I want to raise is one, as you note in your testimony, where you say, bowing to international pressure, the PA stopped paying from one PA ministry, only to restart the payment through an arm of the PLO. And this duplicity was not explained to us by our Government at the time that we did some cross-examination on this. Now it is surfacing.    Can you help walk us through that change? When was it made? How hard is it to track? Give us the details on what happened there.    Chairman Royce. And, as I recall, in terms of the dollar amount, it was precisely the same amount----    Chairman Royce . To the dollar that was transferred.    Chairman Royce. How much of the annual PA budget is taken up by these salaries to terrorists? What percentage?    Chairman Royce. Of the known budget.    Chairman Royce. About 10 percent----    Chairman Royce . Goes to reward people----    Chairman Royce . To carry out attacks, stabbings, and shootings of the Israel population.    Chairman Royce. But most of these prisoners are young people. You know, the targeting goes to children, the targeting goes to youth. They are recruiting young people. I saw one of the recordings the other day of a girl who looked no more than 5. Maybe she was 4. ``What message would you send to other children?'' And she has a knife in her hand, and she says, ``Stab, stab, stab,'' is the message she sends. That is the kind of programming.    In Congress here, over and over again, we repeat this theme: If you want to make peace, you have to teach peace. This is what we keep conveying to the Palestinian Authority. But what we are watching on their television is exactly the opposite.    Maybe you can comment on this messaging and what it constitutes.    Chairman Royce. On how to do it.    Chairman Royce. And these are official Palestinian Authority media?    Chairman Royce. Yeah.    Well, my time has expired. I will go to Mr. Eliot Engel of New York.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go to Mr. Albio Sires of New Jersey.    Chairman Royce. Joe Wilson of South Carolina.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go to Karen Bass from California.    Chairman Royce. We go to Jeff Duncan of South Carolina.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Gerry Connolly of Virginia.    Chairman Royce. We are going to go to Randy Weber of Texas.    Chairman Royce. We will go to----    Chairman Royce. We will go to Lois Frankel of Florida.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Scott Perry of Pennsylvania.    Chairman Royce. Okay.    Mark Meadows from North Carolina.    Chairman Royce. Okay. We go to Mr. Brad Sherman of California.    Chairman Royce. Your time has expired, but I must confess that is a good idea, to supplant the textbooks with the funding and other forms of education.    Let me go then to Mr. Ted Yoho of Florida. Thank you.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go now to Brendan Boyle of Pennsylvania.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Wexler.    Chairman Royce. Okay. Mr. Ron DeSantis of Florida is next.    Chairman Royce. Yes, Dr. Pollock.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Carmon?    Chairman Royce. And Mr. Wexler.    Chairman Royce. Well, we appreciate the time of our witnesses today.    As we have heard, if we are to have a real chance at peace, the practice--and this is my focus--this practice of financially rewarding terror in the West Bank must stop. And that includes conversations with Europeans and others. But, internationally, it is a nonstarter to have a circumstance in which this slaughter continues and it is aided and abetted by a system that is paying people and teaching people how to carry out murder, how to slay others.    And I again thank our witnesses.    And, at this point, we stand adjourned.