    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I want to begin this morning by offering my congratulations to you, Mr. Bridenstine, and to our new Oversight Subcommittee Chairman, Mr. Loudermilk, and to our Oversight Ranking Member, Mr. Beyer. I would also like to extend a warm welcome to all of the new Subcommittee members. We are very fortunate to have the opportunity to serve on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and to help shape policies that are critical to the long-term health and prosperity of the Nation.    This morning's hearing is a fitting way to undertake our work. Oversight of NOAA's weather satellites has been a longstanding bipartisan effort of this Committee, spanning many Administrations and sessions of Congress, and it is my hope that this hearing is just the beginning of a productive and bipartisan working relationship.    Now, Mr. Chairman, I doubt that the average American spends much time thinking about the weather satellites managed by NOAA. We might, but I do know that one of the first things many of us do each morning is turn on the television or get on the internet or our favorite app to read the day's weather forecast, and that is because weather is important, affecting everything from our commute to the food on our table. In fact, a 2009 study from the American Meteorological Society stated that U.S. weather forecasts generated $31.5 billion in profits compared to costs of $5.1 billion.    On this Committee, we have worked on finding ways to improve forecasting to protect the American people and the economy from the impacts of severe weather, and I am proud to be working the Chairman on bipartisan legislation, the Weather Forecasting Improvement Act, to advance NOAA's weather research enterprise and improve the products and services offered by the National Weather Service. That effort is important and ongoing.    But meanwhile, any loss of coverage from the polar satellites or the geostationary satellites would have very serious consequences regarding the accuracy and timeliness of our weather forecasts and the capabilities of the Weather Service. Unfortunately, years of trouble and mismanagement in the polar satellite program mean that we will have a gap in coverage within the next decade, with the worst-case scenario being a gap lasting more than five years. In addition, there remains a chance that we face a gap in geostationary satellite coverage as well.    I am certain that we will hear from today's witnesses about progress that has been made in this area, and I am pleased that NOAA and NASA are working to get these programs back on track. I applaud you for your efforts, but we are here today to emphasize the importance of maintaining focus on getting these programs where they need to be to protect American people and our economy. It may be possible to reduce the gap in coverage if there is optimal performance by our current satellites that enables them to greatly exceed their design lives. Additionally, if JPSS-1 and GOES-R launch on time, that may reduce the gap in coverage. It is still important that prudent managers have plans in place in the event of failure, and it is also critical that any gap mitigation strategy is well developed and ready to implement.    Unfortunately, the testimony today from GAO highlights a number of concerns with these contingency plans, specifically with NOAA's plans to respond to the near-term data gap for our polar satellites.    So the questions and issues for our witnesses today are quite simple: How can we best minimize the duration and impact of a gap in the polar program? How can we avoid a gap in the geostationary program? And are plans to fill gaps in coverage appropriately mature, prioritized, and ready to implement?    The American public may not spend much time thinking about where their weather forecasts come from, but they will notice if those forecasts aren't reliable. I am looking forward to hearing from the witnesses from GAO, NOAA and NASA to discuss how their agencies' plans to address the looming gap in satellite coverage.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for your testimony and for defining your acronyms, which in the interest of time, I am not going to do.    So I wanted to really zero in on who is responsible for what. As I understand it, NOAA's mitigation activities really fall into two categories: preventing or limiting a gap, and reducing a gap if or when one does occur. So Dr. Volz, Dr. MacDonald, Mr. Murphy, could you really talk about who at NOAA is responsible for coordinating and managing mitigation activities?    Ms. Bonamici. That would be terrific, and I want to save time for another couple questions.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. I am going to let Dr. MacDonald take a stab at this.    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. And one of the things that Mr. Powner said in his testimony was, one of the approaches is increasing high-performance computing capacity, and it is my understanding that a lot of the work in that area was from the Sandy supplemental. Are there still needs in increasing high-performance computing capacity that can help mitigate any gap? Dr. Volz?    Ms. Bonamici. I don't mean to cut you off but I wanted to get another question in. I just wanted to get some input on that.    So a constituent of mine in Oregon recently contacted my office and brought to my attention that there is a gap in radar coverage along the Oregon coast. So as Dr. Volz noted in his testimony, radar coverage and satellite data combine to make nowcasting of severe weather events possible. So I am concerned about the hole in radar coverage but it is particularly worrisome when considered alongside a gap in satellite coverage. So any gap in GOES coverage, especially an extended one, could have serious consequences for the safety of my constituents and the health of the economy.    So can you please describe what risk factors are most likely to cause a delay in GOES, and is this gap in radar coverage something that we can address?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, and I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We had some good conversations about how potential gap would affect safety, the economy. I want to talk about how it would affect research.    Dr. MacDonald, can you talk about the importance of satellite data to NOAA's research, comment on the impact that a gap in polar data would have on weather and climate research efforts, and then Mr. Clarke, can you talk about the use of polar satellite data by NASA scientists and what would a lack of continuity--what effect would that have on NASA research?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. Mr. Clarke.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. I would appreciate that.    Dr. Volz, Mr. Powner talked--expressed some concern, frankly, about the testing schedule for GOES-R. There is some concern that compressing the test schedule increases risks of further delays, there would be little time to resolve any issues that arise. So how long can the GOES program operate on a 24/7 testing schedule, and is there some risk of delaying the launch by operating at sort of an intensive schedule and what are the alternatives, I guess.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And finally, I was curious about the difference between the number of mitigation alternatives. Mr. Powner talked about approximately 40 and NOAA talked about a little more than 20. So what explains the difference, and how are you coordinating to determine which mitigation alternatives rise to the top in terms of priority?    Ms. Bonamici. Terrific. I appreciate that. And I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.