    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to both witnesses for your leadership and your testimony this morning.    Admiral, on page 5 of your testimony, you pretty much laid out what is sort of the guideposts for the sovereignty claims issues, which we have discussed this morning with the island building, and basically, it says, we encourage all countries to uphold international laws reflected in the Law of the Sea Convention. Should the United States ratify UNCLOS , the Law of the Sea treaty?    Mr. Courtney. Thank you. And, again, when we discussed this at PACOM earlier, or last fall, that was before the Hague Convention ruled against the United States request to be part of the--just as an observer on the Philippines claim on the Spratly Islands, which Mr. Wittman referred to earlier. I mean, it is kind of unbelievable we are allowing sort of litigation to proceed that the consequences in terms of military strategy and resources of this country in the Asia-Pacific could hinge on the outcome of that claim, and we are completely shut out because of an unforced error. I mean, we have done this to ourselves. And so, you know, thank you for your frankness this morning. Myself and Congressman Don Young are going to introduce a bipartisan resolution in the House, again, citing events in the South China Sea as why we really need to take a fresh look at the Law of the Sea treaty. And, as a nation, we need to move forward and get in the game in terms of, you know, these critical issues, because it is going to determine the course of maritime policy and military policy and budgets for decades to come. So thank you, again, for that input.    Earlier you mentioned the fact that we have a shortage of submarines in the Asia-Pacific. Again, today, we are operating with an attack sub fleet of about 52. Even with the two-a-year build rate that we started in 2011, that is going to continue to drop to, at this point, based on the shipbuilding plan that was submitted last week, to 41. Can you talk about what that will do to future commands in terms of the challenges that you are already facing with a larger fleet size?    Mr. Courtney. All right. Thank you. And we have actually an opportunity on Seapower to look at the next block contract, because, frankly, there is a dip in that, and we should do everything we can to avoid that, because that will at least bring the number up somewhat and mitigate, you know, what you just described.    As long as I have 10 seconds left and people are boasting about proximity to Asia-Pacific, if an attack submarine leaves Groton, Connecticut, and goes under the ice, it can actually get there ahead of the folks from Washington State.    And, with that, I yield back, Mr. Chairman.