    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here and for your presentations.    General Flynn, could you follow up a bit on your comment just now because you are talking about the lessons learned about the mismatch and the threats. And would you make that same analysis about even our not understanding the country of Iraq, for example, when we went into Iraq and may have created more enemies than friends. How would you respond to that?    General Flynn. Yeah, I think that that is very, you know, I mean what you are implying is very true. And I think that we, you know, in the spectrum of conflict, when we define the spectrum of conflict, we in the military look at it from peace to war. The political dimension of our country has to look at it from peace and get us back to peace in order to get us out of war. And we did not, we don't do a really good job thinking past the point of conflict or the point of war.    And we have to do that. And I think that is part of this debate, as the ranking member was highlighting, that we have to not just throw military resources at this thing; we have to be far more sophisticated. But that is not comprehensive right now. That sophistication, I don't see it. And I have been studying this problem for a long time, and I am, you know, I am hopeful that we can get our act together. But it has to be one that is very, very comprehensive, and it is going to be a multigenerational problem.    And there are moderates out there that we do need to encourage. Somebody sent me a note the other day and said, Hey, you know, there is 126 subject-matters experts, you know, clerics and others in the Muslim world that came out strong against ISIS. Why aren't there 126,000? Why are there only 126? I mean, there is that many mosques in Baghdad. I mean, there should be thousands, and there should be leaders of these countries that we are dealing with that need to stand up and make a statement, make a strong statement, about what it is that we are doing or not doing. So----    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Right now I think there are, perhaps, some opportunities that we are not using. I am thinking of the Peshmerga in Kurdistan. Have you had any thoughts about that, why we are not utilizing and doing as good a job as we can in really facilitating greater involvement on their behalf? They are asking for it. We are not doing it.    General Flynn. Yeah, I mean, I just think that is a great question to ask, you know, especially from this committee. So, yeah, we could do more, and we could give them more support. We could help in training them and getting them more sophisticated and really putting in the right kinds of military tools. But that is, you know, again, we need to be careful that we don't always get drawn back into what is actually the easiest part of a strategy, which is to throw a military force at it.    Mrs. Davis. Can't agree with you more.    General Flynn. I mean, you know, so we just have to be more sophisticated is my----    Mrs. Davis. Yeah, thank you. If I can go on.    General Flynn. Go ahead.    Mrs. Davis. Shifting to another region, the Boko Haram. Before a Senate Intelligence Committee meeting yesterday, the growing connections between ISIS and the Boko Haram was mentioned. I don't know whether you happened to hear that discussion, but shouldn't, I mean, where even in terms of the AUMF are we thinking about that connection and the, I guess, horrible potential that that would bring as well?    General Flynn. Yeah, I will let Bill answer this too because I think he mentioned Boko Haram in his statement. And one, number one, Boko Haram is incredibly vicious. I mean, my God, look at what they have done to the children, young women. I mean, these are children. So, and I can't put that aside, but now so the connection between these organizations is very real. And we know, we know, that Al Qaeda, so the Al Qaeda command and control, Al Qaeda senior leaders were, in fact, dealing with Boko Haram, you know, in a sort of a cursory way when bin Laden was still alive. Okay, so this is not some connection that just all of a sudden happened and Boko Haram has just popped up. And, hopefully, you have seen General Rodriguez, our Commander of AFRICOM , recently talking about we need a full sort of counterinsurgency effort. And, again, I think there are seven or eight nations in Africa that are trying to come to grips with dealing with Boko Haram right now. They just postponed their elections. I mean, again, this is a long-term problem, and these groups are, in fact, connected.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. I think my time is up, and perhaps Dr. Lynch can bring this up later, or----    The Chairman. Mr. Coffman.