    Dr. Romine. Chairwoman Comstock, Chairman Loudermilk, Ranking Member Lipinski, Ranking Member Beyer, and Members of the Subcommittees, I'm Dr. Charles Romine, Director of the Information Technology Laboratory at NIST. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss our responsibilities for assisting federal agencies with cybersecurity.    NIST has worked in cybersecurity with federal agencies, industry, and academia since 1972. Our role, to research, develop, and deploy information security standards and technology to protect information systems against threats to the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and services was strengthened through the Computer Security Act of 1987, broadened through the Federal Information Security Management Act of 2002 or FISMA, and reaffirmed in the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014.    NIST carries out its responsibilities under FISMA through the creation of a series of Federal Information Processing Standards, or FIPS, and associated guidelines. Under FISMA agencies are required to implement those FIPS. To further assist agencies, NIST provides management, operational, and technical security guidelines covering a broad range of cybersecurity topics.    NIST has a series of specific responsibilities in FISMA to--of particular relevance to today's hearing were addressed by NIST and published as FIPS 199, the standard for security categorization of federal information and information systems; and FIPS 200, which sets the minimum security requirements based on the categorization identified using FIPS 199.    NIST created baselines for these minimum security requirements based on three levels determined in accordance with FIPS 199: low, moderate, and high. For example, at a high categorization, FIPS 199 states that ``the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability could be expected to have a severe or catastrophic adverse effect on organizational operations, organizational assets, or individuals.''    Examples of controls included in the associated baselines then cover a range of requirements for a lifecycle of security. For example, security awareness and training, contingency planning, access control, system disposal, and incident response. Once a baseline is established, NIST provides guidance to agencies to assist in determining that the baseline is adequate to meet their risk-based requirements.    An agency may need to enhance a given baseline to address local risks, the agency's mission, and technical infrastructure. For example, an agency with a real-time monitoring system such as workstations in air traffic control or critical patient monitoring systems might not want to use a timed password-locked screensaver to mitigate security issues for unattended workstations. Instead, a guard or site surveillance system might be more appropriate to support the mission and still meet the intent of the baseline.    Establishing a sound security baseline is not the end of security for an agency. NIST provides standards, guidelines, and tools for agencies to test and assess their security and continuously monitor their implementation and new risks. The authorization of a system by a management official is an important quality control under FISMA. By authorizing a system, the manager formally assumes responsibility for operating a system at an acceptable level of risk to the agency operations or individuals.    Under FISMA, NIST does not assess ,audit, or test agency security implementations. Congress recognized that placing such responsibilities on NIST would impede its ability to work with federal agency and private-sector stakeholders to develop standards, guidelines, and practices in the open, transparent, and collaborative manner that Congress intended.    NIST's statutory role as the developer but not the enforcer of standards and guidelines under FISMA have ensured NIST's ongoing ability to engage freely and positively with federal agencies on the implementation challenges and issues they experience in using these standards and guidelines. NIST is committed to continue to help agency officials address their responsibilities under FISMA to understand and mitigate risks to their information and information systems that could adversely affect their missions.    We recognize that we have an essential responsibility in cybersecurity and in helping industry, consumers, and government to counter cybersecurity threats. Active collaboration within the public sector and between the public and private sectors is the only way to effectively meet this challenge leveraging each participant's roles, responsibilities, and capabilities.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today on NIST's work in federal cybersecurity and I would be happy to answer any questions that you may have.    Dr. Romine. No, I think that's right. The oversight function, as it currently is set up under FISMA, I think is OMB with more recently DHS providing assistance to agencies to meet their obligations under FISMA. So I think that's the right answer.    Dr. Romine. Dr. Romine. I don't know what encryption they're using but we do have access to strong encryption, and in fact NIST in my laboratory has been in the encryption space for decades now starting with the original DES, Data Encryption Standard, that was developed through NIST.    We certainly recognized--our guidance provides input that encryption is a very powerful tool for securing information. It's not the only one in the arsenal but it is a very effective one and often not very costly. And so I think certainly it's an avenue for protecting the data.    Dr. Romine. So I think there are bright spots in both cases. I mean I think there are--it's uneven in the private sector just as it's uneven in the federal government as well. I will say that the guidelines and the standards that we issue that are principally intended for the federal government are often picked up by the private sector because of the quality of those guidelines and standards. And in fact we depend on the private sector to participate and provide us with input. We have a multiphase comment period for almost all of our guidelines so that we get the best minds in the private sector and public sector to contribute.    Dr. Romine. Well, certainly from the perspective of the NIST guidelines and FISMA guidelines that we issue I think we put those out as a means of reducing the susceptibility of the system to hack. Nothing is 100 percent secure but I think following those guidelines is the most effective way that I can think of to protect the systems.    Dr. Romine. Sure. I would echo, I think, that proper identity management is a key driver. I think it can be really beneficial. Good use of encryption is good for preserving the integrity or at least the confidentiality of data, so I would just maybe add those two.    Dr. Romine. If I may, I'd like to spotlight two things that NIST is doing that address two of your issues. One is we house the program office for the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education, which is an interagency activity that I think is making great strides in addressing the workforce issue that you brought up.    And the second is under Executive Order 13636 NIST engaged the private sector and other stakeholders in a year-long effort to develop what turned into the cybersecurity framework for improving the cybersecurity of critical infrastructures. And although that was the focus, it has turned out that that report that we developed the framework is a model I think for establishing or improving a cybersecurity approach whether it's in the private sector or the public sector or other areas. It's a very dynamic approach that involves, you know, a development of maturity along the lines of--analogous to a maturity model and so I think that could be really beneficial.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Thank you.