    Ms. Kehl. Thank you, Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, and members of the Subcommittee. As a researcher and active participant in global Internet governance issues, I appreciate the Committee's desire to preserve a free and open Internet, and believe that a swift and orderly IANA transition is key to achieving that goal.    While I share the Committee's concern that if the IANA transition goes badly it could harm Internet freedom, the best way to prevent that outcome, and to ensure the continued stability of the Internet's domain name system, is to support the ongoing process. The U.S. Government's oversight role has long been a political target, an exaggerated symbol that overshadows our good intentions in the global Internet governance space, and it is time to step aside, which will ultimately help us in our ongoing efforts to prevent government overreach on other Internet governance issues.    The first point that I would like to emphasize today is that this is the right time for the IANA transition to happen, and without unnecessary delay. The transition is long overdue, both historically and politically. It is the logical conclusion of the sequence that began in 1998, when the U.S. Government first announced that it would privatize the DNS, and it is a formal recognition that the Internet is now a truly global network.    There is broad consensus that no single country should have exclusive jurisdiction over the Internet's core infrastructure, and that the system needs to evolve in ways that benefit users all around the world. That is why a wide range of Internet stakeholders support the decision to complete the transition to a community-based non-governmental institution. As former FCC Commissioner Robert McDowell put it, it is time to get the government out of the Internet governance business. And we can't forget that NTIA made it clear from the very beginning that this oversight role would be temporary. The justifications for it in 2015 are considerably weaker than they were in 1998.    There is also significant evidence that if NTIA had not voluntarily decided to begin the transition, other Internet stakeholders would have tried to force its hand. For all these reasons, the decision last year to initiate the transition and establish a community-drive multi-stakeholder process is the only way to ensure that the transition happens in such a way that it addresses both the needs of the global community and the interests of the U.S. Government.    Second, the process of developing the transition and accountability proposals, as I think my colleagues on the panel will also say, is proceeding reasonably well. Last year, NTIA laid out five clear principles that any transition plan must meet, and the development of this plan is receiving significant input from a wide range of stakeholders. Yes, the process is complex, but there is still reason to believe that when the dust settles, there will be a real community consensus about what the transition should look like, and that it will include appropriate safeguards to ensure the system's ongoing stability. And NTIA is firmly positioned to reject any proposals that fail to meet its criteria.    At the heart of all of this is the question of ICANN accountability. Specifically, after it is freed from U.S. Government oversight, what will prevent ICANN from taking on a global governance role far outside of its core commitments? There are important issues that need to resolve, including how to make sure that the community has the means to correct any misuses of ICANN's power. But these questions are best addressed through the existing accountability process, whose working group recently released its initial draft proposal, 142 pages, for review.    So, finally, while I share the Committee's concern that the stakes are high, legislation like the Dot Com Act is not necessary, and, although surely unintentional, could actually make it substantially more difficult for the U.S. Government to make sure that the transition happens smoothly. Imposing a delay would appear to be an act of bad faith, and it will be poorly received internationally. It will look like an attempt to substitute the U.S. Government's judgment for the global community's. Preventing NTIA from completing the transition is also inconsistent with the previous statements that were mentioned in opening remarks about unanimous support for the multi-stakeholder Internet governance model. And, finally, it would play into the hands of foreign governments who seek to undermine the system, and strengthen their opposition to the U.S. on a broad range of free expression issues.    To conclude, I think we are all in agreement that the IANA transition is a significant opportunity for the United States and for Internet users worldwide, and we appreciate the Committee's engagement on this incredibly important issue. But the best way to ensure that it goes well, and to achieve our broader shared goal of protecting a free and open Internet is to let the community complete its work before deciding what the next step should be. Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Kehl. I think it is unlikely, unfortunately, as well to happen by September 30, and getting it right is very important. But I also think the community dwill be the one that knows best how much time it will take to get it done right.    Ms. Kehl. I would agree with that.    Ms. Kehl. I think that the important thing here is engagement now in the process----    Ms. Kehl . As it is ongoing. And that is one of the great things about the process, is it is a multi-stakeholder----    Ms. Kehl . Transparent and open----    Ms. Kehl . Process.    Ms. Kehl. So there is the opportunity now to look at and review what is happening. We know a lot of the risks. The stress test that exists----    Ms. Kehl . Is really important.    Ms. Kehl. I would----    Ms. Kehl. Yes.    Ms. Kehl. I would just echo that, and say that I think it is a lose-lose proposition in a lot of ways, because, although the intent may be to make sure that this transition is handled well, it will make it harder in some ways, I think, for NTIA. We want them to be very engaged in this process, and we want to send a message that we support it. And I think the concern about the message that this sends is also very important, this idea that it is some sort of attempt at an external delay in the process. So I don't think it advances our interests.    Ms. Kehl. Of course, thank you for the question. So I think from the very beginning, actually from 1998, the U.S. has been a tremendous leader in bringing these stakeholders to the table, and empowering the system to work from the beginning. I think we saw, in October of 2013, which was what I mentioned in my testimony, the heads of the regional Internet registries, and ICANN, and the Internet Engineering Task Force put out a statement calling for the globalization of ICANN, and the transfer for the IANA function, saying it is time.    And so I think the response the U.S. Government to say, yes, it is time, and we can initiate this transition was both, you know, it was appropriate historically, it made sense politically, and, as a result, we are in a strong position right now still to set the terms here. So we are a leader. We are not saying that this is going to be dragged from us kicking and screaming in any way. We are not saying that we are trying to delay it. We are saying it is time, we support this system, and we trust that we can figure out a way, working with the community, to actually make it happen. I think it is an incredibly powerful message for the U.S., and I think on the other side of that, if we don't do that, there is this concern that this political target, this sort of, like, falsely clouds our good intentions, and the Internet governance space will only grow larger, right?    So this idea that this is something that comes up it is--for the past more than a decade it comes up an Internet governance meetings, it came up in Korea, at the International Telecommunication Union Conference, this idea that this was a problem, and that this somehow privileged the U.S. role, and so it is the responsible thing to do to say we are going to end that, and we are going to do this in a manner that works for both us, and for the global Internet community.    Ms. Kehl. Thank you. I would add, I think, that historically there has been a lot--think that the key is that, in recent years, the sort of erosion of the trust in whether we could continue to be that neutral steward, or whether we needed to be, has been quite effective. And so I think that is why we are at the point now where there isn't a way to put the toothpaste back in the tube. We can't go back on the promises that we have made. And so the solution that we come up with has to be one that recognizes that while, without sort of diminishing the important role that the U.S. Government has played, that it is time to move on.    Ms. Kehl. Thank you.    Ms. Kehl. Like the vegetable, Kehl.    Ms. Kehl. I think the downside, if the transition doesn't go through, is the risk that there is immense pressure on this to happen in some other way without the U.S. Government's ability to set the terms, right? So this idea that the wheels were in motion from other organizations to try to find--from other parts of the community, sorry, not other organizations, to try to make this happen. So to say, will we reach consensus, and try to force the U.S. Government's hand?    There is the risk that there have been governments that have tried to bring this into the International Telecommunications Union, which is a body of the United Nations. When I was a member of the U.S. delegation in South Korea in October, and when we were there, that was something that came up I think because of the existence of ICANN, and the ongoing process. That was not a serious proposal, but those proposals will be strengthened if the transition doesn't go through.    And I think the other risk--while I think this is not a nearly as likely one, is that you end up with the system fragmenting. You end up with multiple competing sources of authority because other people start to say, we want to take this away, and that almost happened in the '90s, when--before the U.S. Government decided to do this.    So that risk that it fragments, and then this system that works very efficiently and very well, that most people don't even know exists, suddenly doesn't work, right? And so that is a huge concern as well. I think that is a very unlikely scenario, but it is a possibility, if we sort of continue down--if we don't resolve this, and we go down this alternative path.    Ms. Kehl. It is unlikely that the system would fragment, that you would end up with multiple competing sources of authority. But, if you did, the consequences would be incredibly significant.    Ms. Kehl. I think there are risks. There are risks that--again, that something fragmented, or that the DNS could be used, the domain name system, as leverage to impose other policies, or to expand ICANN's role. And that is why I said the heart of this is the accountability process, and this idea that we have checks and balances to deal with ICANN's authority, and also this concept of enumerating the powers, and so making it very clear that ICANN's mandate is narrow, it is technical. Their job is to make sure that the system runs, and that it works, that it doesn't fragment, and that most Internet users don't know it exists.    Ms. Kehl. I would also add that I think that this idea, it is always important to remember that we are a part of the community, and by that I mean the panelists here, and also the U.S. Government. So we are stakeholders in this system as it goes forward, and I think the shared goals of planning against that worst case scenario and the goals of protecting the free and open Internet, are ones that are broadly shared by members of the community in the United States and around the world.    And there is this really active group of civil society, of companies, of academia, and of governments that are dedicated to these issues, and they are, I think very vigilant in making sure that we avoid those kinds of scenarios. And so we are still a part of that community, and that is really powerful.