    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all of our witnesses here today for your service and the time you took to prepare for today's hearing.    My question is for Lieutenant General Cardon. Last month at a conference you discussed the military's need for flexibility, it is something we hear quite often, and that the traditional top-down way of operating is a challenge in its organizational approach, especially as it relates to cybersecurity. Can you explain this further? And then I am also interested in how this is applicable to the current mission in Afghanistan.    General Cardon. So I come at it from an operational approach, and so the challenge in operations is what level of a centralization do you need, and what level of decentralization do you need. And so some operations require a high degree of centralization, and some operations work best decentralized.    The art is figuring out which one is most applicable. And in cyber, I think we have a centralized framework with a decentralized execution. But I will go further building on what Admiral Rogers talked about. It is when you start to bring coalition and private, because this affects--it affects all of us, so anything that happens to any one of us, all of us are talking to each other here, and with CYBERCOM it is going wider because everyone could have this same problem.    So you create more like a fusion cell. I describe it as being mission focused, not organizationally focused. So everyone looks at the mission, everyone is working on the problem. So when you take an example something like Heartbleed, which was a severe vulnerability that affected everyone, not just in the military but in private industry, that is a fusion sort of approach. Looks different inside the military, but everyone was working on this problem across the country.    In Afghanistan, operations are very decentralized. There is a limited amount of capability. It is prioritized by General Campbell, and then we use it accordingly. And so the decentralized nature of the operations there, often driven by the terrain, has I think been pretty effective.    Ms. Stefanik. Thank you very much.    My second question relates to sequestration and funding at Budget Control Act levels. Can you talk about what the risks are to the Army networks campaign plans, network modernization efforts, should the DOD and the Army have to execute funding at BCA levels?    General Cardon. So General Wilson just talked about the Air Force collapsing their networks, and the Army has not yet done that, and that is why we are partnered with the Air Force to do that.    So the Army would take about a $6 billion reduction off the top. That is going to affect training. It is going to affect our network modernization. It is going to affect our installation support, and it is going to affect the procurement of weapon systems. More importantly, it is the software upgrades that we need to do to those weapons systems to reduce cyber vulnerabilities.    If the cuts stay, the Army is also going to have to cut force structure. That is estimated to be 30,000. And while cyber is still ranked very high in the Department of the Army, I think it is fair to say that cyber will be part of that discussion. So this is very concerning. It is still very, very highly ranked in the departments, and it is a very high priority. But the nature of those two things together makes a very difficult problem for us.    Ms. Stefanik. I agree with you, Admiral, and I also share your concerns. Particularly from my perspective representing New York's 21st District, home of Fort Drum, but we are also home to not only members of the military and service men and women, but many Federal employees in the district. So I share your concerns, and we are working very hard on this committee to address the negative implications of sequestration and these cuts which are so devastating to our readiness.    Thank you.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. And thank you very much, Congresswoman Stefanik. And Congresswoman Stefanik has been a real leader trying to address the issue of defense sequestration. We appreciate her extraordinary service.    Additionally, we appreciate your extraordinary service. And the issues that you are dealing with are so important we have another round for anyone who would like to participate.    And for each of you, in your testimony, the military and civilian personnel needed for the Cyber Mission Forces were discussed, but are there enablers out there in other communities not included in the workforce numbers which you rely on significantly?    How are these enablers faring in the budget? What impact would you expect, again, with defense sequestration on these forces?    And we can begin with the Admiral and proceed.