    Mr. Rolando. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings and members of the committee, for inviting me to testify today.    You've asked me to focus on the urgent need for postal reform legislation and the provisions that we believe are necessary. I'm pleased to do that today, but before I do, it's important that we take a moment to recognize the current reality of the Postal Service. It is no longer 2009 when the Great Recession sent mail volume plummeting and the prefunding mandate crushed the Postal Service's finances, raising doubts in some quarters about the viability of the agency. Postal employees never doubted the viability of the Postal Service, but we worked hard to help the Service to adapt and survive as it shed more than 200,000 jobs and we boosted productivity dramatically.    The Postal Service has returned to operational profitability, now earning $4.4 billion over the past 2-1/2 years, our pension funds are healthy and better funded at 92 percent than most private sector pensions, and we have set aside some $50 billion for retiree health when most large private companies have not set aside a dime.    Thanks to the growth of direct mail and booming e-commerce, total mail volume recovered and stabilized in 2015, increasing the Postal Service's revenue to $69 billion.    There's no question that the Postal Service remains a vital part of the Nation's economic infrastructure. In 2015, we delivered more than 150 billion letters, magazines, and packages, 6 and even 7 days a week. The Postal Service's revenue is just a small part of the $1.4 trillion of the GDP accounted for by the U.S. mailing industry, which now employs 7-1/2 million Americans.    With an 84 percent approval rating for the American people, we believe the Postal Service can thrive in the 21st century with the right public policies. Now is not the time to weaken this treasured agency through service and delivery reductions, especially those that have failed to attract congressional support in the past. Instead, this committee should offer sensible and targeted reforms that would provide financial stability and allow the Postal Service to innovate.    Specifically, it should address three specific legislative and regulatory burdens that severely hinder the Postal Service. First, the Postal Service is required to massively fund future retiree health premiums decades in advance, regardless of financial conditions facing the agency or the country. No other public or private enterprise in America faces such a mandate, and most firms don't prefund at all. This mandate by itself accounts for nearly 90 percent of all reported losses since 2007.    NALC has suggested numerous ways to address the prefunding mandate over the years. As part of an overall reform effort that does not weaken our networks or diminish services to the public, we support reforms to the FEHBP program to maximize participation in Medicare among eligible postal retirees. This would almost eliminate the $50 billion unfunded liability for future retiree health while raising Medicare spending by less than 2/10 of 1 percent annually. Given that the Postal Service and its employees have contributed $29 billion to Medicare, this approach is fair and appropriate.    Second, Congress should consider the policy that requires 100 percent of postal retirement funds be invested in low-yielding treasury bonds. Together, the Civil Service and FERS postal pension accounts, along with the postal retiree health fund, hold nearly $350 billion in treasury securities. That makes the Postal Service and its employees the third-largest creditors of the U.S. Federal Government just behind China and Japan. No other company in America would invest its retirement assets in such an unsophisticated way, especially during a period when treasuries are yielding 2 to 4 percent annually.    Starting with the retiree health fund, we should apply private sector best practice by investing in well-diversified portfolios of private stocks, bonds, and real estate, as well as government bonds. Current policy forces the mailing industry to give Uncle Sam a low-cost loan instead of sensibly investing to cover future health-care liabilities. It makes no financial sense to invest in assets that yield less than the rising cost of care.    My submitted testimony makes the case for prudent investment change, addresses common objections to it, and explains how several independent agencies invest successfully in private securities.    By changing the investment policy, Congress could raise the long-term rate of return on the assets, reduce the burden of prefunding, offset the cost of postal Medicare integration, relieve upward pressure on postal rates, and reduce the misguided impulse to slash service.    Third, in my full testimony I address the postage rate-making process, which the PRC will formally review in 2017. There's a remarkable degree of stakeholder consensus about the principles of successful postal reform. All four postal unions, the Postal Service, and a wide range of companies and postal trade associations have agreed on reform principles for your consideration. And these principles were outlined in a letter sent to the chairman yesterday, and it urged legislation that would mandate postal-specific assumptions, satisfy--not eliminate--satisfy the prefunding burden by reforming FEHBP to maximize Medicare participation, invest the retiree health fund sensibly, permit the Postal Service to provide non-postal products in limited circumstances, and adjust the market-dominant rate base to ensure adequate revenue through the PRC review if necessary.    Our coalition's recommendations are grounded in common sense and best practice. They represent the measures on which we could agree while remaining confident that they would stabilize the Postal Service while allowing it to innovate to meet the evolving needs of our country. NALC and our sister postal unions remain committed to helping this committee find a fair and equitable path forward that does not damage our network of universal and affordable service or the employees that make that network special.    Thank you very much again for this opportunity to testify, and am happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Rolando. Yes. What we were talking about doing is having, you know, a board that would govern this that could invest 50 percent, up to 75 percent in something like the thrift savings plan lifecycle funds.    Mr. Rolando. We looked at the period going back to 2007 where we were earning, I don't know, somewhere about 4 percent with Treasury securities. Had it been invested in a lifecycle fund--and again, keep in mind this would have been through the worst recession in 80 years--we would have earned somewhere about 7 percent, which would have raised the fund another $10 billion just as an example.    Mr. Rolando. Yes, I would. Thanks. Yes, this is unique to the Postal Service, but I'd like to point out that the proposals that the consensus group has put together, we would not only fully fund the retiree health fund, we would be overfunded if you took all the components that something else--something that nobody else is able to do.    Mr. Rolando. Well, first, I'd just like to say keep in mind a lot of this is in reaction to the prefunding itself. I keep hearing over and over, what would you do if you were a private company, and if we were a private company, we wouldn't have $50 billion of resources tied up in a fund for 75 years into the future. It would certainly affect the standards, it would affect service, it would affect rates, it would affect vehicles, it would affect infrastructure, it would affect all kinds of things.    So I think the takeaway from all of this is we're not allowed in that way to act like a private company. We do have to prefund. There's no appetite in Congress for us not to prefund, so that's why we've put together this coalition to find a way to satisfy that mandate. We've come up with a way to do it. And moving on from then, then we can act as a private company or as a Postal Service in a rational and efficient manner moving forward.    Mr. Rolando. The overall morale, we deal really in four different avenues if you will with the Postal Service depending on the level of engagement of each of the probably employees, organizations. We deal in a collective bargaining arena whereby obviously we're addressing things that are going to affect morale in terms of pay and benefits and working conditions.    We work together in an arena of growing the business and making sure that service is what it needs to be so that we can face our customers every day. Obviously, that can be rewarding and frustrating at the same time.    We deal together in a legislative arena, as we're doing today, to make sure that the Postal Service is here to serve the American people for many years to come.    And then we deal in another arena that I will call the culture of the Postal Service. And I think that's an important thing that's been embedded for a long time in the way it exists that we certainly have the commitment from leadership in the Postal Service and the unions to address that. And all those things contribute to the morale of postal workers all over the country in different ways.    Mr. Rolando. Well, Mr. Chairman, as far as reductions, yes, there's been a loss of 200,000 jobs in the last 10 years. I think for the majority of the collective bargaining agreements now, no new employees come in as career employees. They come in as non-career employees ----