    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I just want to say to Mr. Barton, I wholeheartedly agree with what you said, too, and hopefully we can work on that.    Chairman Wheeler, at the risk of sounding like a broken record, I want to talk to you a little bit about special access.    Mr. Doyle. First, I want to thank you for the Commission's continued work on special access. And while I was somewhat concerned that the comment deadlines were once again extended, I want to applaud the Commission for beginning its investigation into tariff rates and conditions in these markets. I believe that the Commission has worked hard and diligently on this proceeding. I just wish you would work faster. However, I know some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have taken issue with this proceeding.    Mr. Chairman, I have two questions.    First, if ILECs are using their market position to charge anticompetitive rates to competitors, jacking up prices for competing services, or driving competitors out of business, do consumers benefit from that?    And, secondly, does investment in broadband infrastructure increase or decrease in competitive markets?    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I also want to ask you, the Commission recently decided, in evaluating spectrum transitions, to take a closer look at deals that involve low-band spectrum. And the FCC recognized the unique value of that spectrum and the fact that there is already significant concentration of that spectrum among just a few carriers.    You have now evaluated several transactions in which you have conducted that enhanced review, but in each case you still decided to allow further concentration of low-band spectrum. Just last week, the Commission approved a transaction where the buyer exceeded the low-band screen established by the Commission.    My question is, what is the point of creating a mechanism for enhanced review if the Commission is not prepared to use it?    Mr. Doyle. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, let me ask you, on privacy, I am concerned about some of the ongoing reports we are seeing that ISPs are tracking consumers online by using tracking headers and other types of unsecure technologies that can endanger consumer privacy and user security. Third-party companies are already publicly claiming that they are using these super-cookies to track users online. Mr. Chairman, I just want to urge the Commission to take action and rein in these harmful practices.    And, finally, on set-top boxes, the DSTAC recently released its report on new proposals that would allow consumers to buy and use third-party devices for video programming. I believe the future of this technology is over-the-top services. I encourage the Commission to continue working on this issue. Pay-TV subscribers should not have to suffer exorbitant rental fees for poorly designed and produced equipment. And I would urge the Commission to continue your work on these proceedings.    Mr. Chairman, thank you and all of the Commission for being here before us today. I know we see you frequently, and we appreciate your input and the work that you are doing on the Commission.    I yield back.