    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this important topic. I think this is one of the interesting aspects that I get asked about more than anything else.    Let me tell you why I am a little bit troubled here today is that I hear a lot of rhetoric that acts like we have our act together from a Federal standpoint, when really the vast majority of the job that gets done is really with the stakeholders, with those public utilities that, for years, have been prepared for mass outages, but perhaps the scope of the threat, the cyberthreat--and when we are talking about mass outages, you know, we can talk about Hurricane Sandy, we can talk about, you know, other storms. They are used to that.    I am just telling you, they have got--I used to work for an electric utility many years ago. I was around--I have got enough gray hair, I was around when the DOE was actually formed. And so when we look at this, to suggest that the Federal Government is here to help, I want to make sure that you are helping.    And the chairman talked about the real communication that is being done. The real communication that is being done is really being done by the public utilities at the local level. If any is getting done. You know, it is crickets when it comes to the other Federal agencies as it relates to this. Now, I say that as a criticism, only because we have to figure out that we are sick before we start to figure out the diagnosis and how to fix it.    So let me ask Assistant Secretary Hoffman for your help on one particular area. In your testimony you were talking about national security and how you can reprioritize and make sure that those national security interests are supplied by public utilities or governmental agencies.    Here is my concern. Many of our national security interests actually have their own generating and own distribution capacity. And yet I find them woefully underprepared for cyberattacks. You know, some of them are primary metered at the point of entrance, so you may have a public utility providing the generating capacity. They do the distribution. So as we look at this, what kind of turf war do we get in between DOD and DOE with regards to being ready for a cyberattack that would have national security implications?    Mr. Meadows. But who is in charge? Here is the problem, is--and I have dealt with a number of agencies. So we get FEMA that comes in, and we get local emergency management responses. And what you have is you have different people saying different things.    So with regards to national security, who is in charge of the power grid? Is it DOE or is it DOD?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you have a plan, a coordinated plan that I could look at today on how that would happen.    Mr. Meadows. That you can give to this committee in terms of the--because here is what happens, is most of the time an event happens and then you go out and you figure out the problems. You know, Mr. Fugate was talking about the fact that we learn lessons from each event that we have.    But the problem is, with a cyber event as we are looking at in the Ukraine, you know, here we have an outage to over 200,000 people, where it was cut off. But the real problem was--is they were in the system for almost 6 months and we didn't know about it.    So I guess the question is how many times are we getting attacked? And are they in our systems without our knowledge?    Mr. Meadows. But that is more of a physical threat. I want to go back to the cyber aspect, because what we are doing is--and I heard Ms. Durkovich talk about this--is that we are looking at risk management. And really, what we need to start to focus on is a real comprehensive plan on how we are going to partner with the private sector or public utilities on doing this, because what happens is we get a little check box and we say, ``well, we have gone and we have talked to XYZ and we have asked them to make sure that they are vigilant about cybersecurity,'' which most of them are.    But yet, what happens is we don't have a comprehensive plan at a Federal level to look at how we can support them in the event of a national attack that would come in the way of cyber. So I am not talking about storms, and I am not talking about stealing a credential. I am talking about the real attacks that we get hit with every single day.    Do we know--have we done a risk assessment where we have intelligence? And have we shared that with the public utilities? Because a lot of times we have this national security concern that we don't want to share that with an outside, you know, group because of national security concerns.    Mr. Meadows. I have run out of time. I will yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your patience.    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky for yielding. And, Ms. Hoffman, I want to follow up on one thing. Because, as you talked about the transformers and the--having these backup transformers as a redundancy, one of my major concerns is that decisions that get made by DOE or DHS or FEMA--all the sudden what we do is we transfer that liability to others that are providing service.    So what we--you know, right now all utilities have backup transformers, primarily for distribution purposes, but even for larger, you know, transmission-related transformers and switches. However, if you are going to make a decision, it directly impacts rateholders for two reasons. I mean if they are--happen to have $10 million transformers sitting there, I don't know that they can get a return on that investment, necessarily.    And so, if you start to extrapolate that out, if it is not in service, you know, it just kind of like--generated capacity, there is a certain length of time that they have in order to bring that online so that they can get a return. But ultimately, it affects the ratepayer, anything that you do.    And so, I guess when we start to look at the security implications, what I would encourage both of you to do is look at it as we would from FEMA--is that it is a Federal redundancy that is required, not a redundancy that needs to be done by utility to utility to utility. Do I have that commitment from both of you, that you would look at it as a Federal obligation, versus a private obligation?    Mr. Meadows. All right. OK. I see you nodding your----    Mr. Meadows. For the record----    Mr. Meadows . Both of them said yes. And so let me finish with one other, I guess, concern. When we are talking about sharing in a classified setting with the stakeholders, have all of the utilities participated in that secured setting, where you have let them know of both the threats--potential and real threats that we already have experienced?    So, you know, you were saying that we have done that in a classified setting, and I just find that interesting. I am not challenging, but I want to drill down on that because I don't know of too many--you know, maybe the big utilities but there are, you know, hundreds of utilities. And so they come in to a classified setting and say, ``this is your risk, this is where it is.'' That is your testimony here today.    Mr. Meadows. Yes, and I am not saying--I want it to be systemic, and I guess I will yield back to my good friend from Kentucky here in just a couple of seconds, but I want to make sure that I am clear. As we get to stakeholders what I want it to be is more than just a box that we are checking off. I want EEI , I want all of the groups that are there to buy in and say, ``we have a plan.'' We do it for mass outages like Sandy and other hurricanes. We haven't done that, I believe, adequately as it relates to cyber. And do I have both of your commitments that you will redouble your efforts to include them as stakeholders?    Mr. Meadows. I will yield back to my good friend.    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cauley, did I hear you correctly? You said that in the event of a cyberattack, the longest period of time that people would be without power--an hour? Is that what you said?    Mr. Meadows. Sometimes I don't hear correctly, but I just wanted to give you a chance----    Mr. Meadows. All right.    Mr. Meadows. OK. And that is really my focus, is not turning a switch off here or there or, you know, tripping a breaker or, you know, making a jack go out. That is minor.    I guess the type of cyberattacks that we are seeing and hearing about in classified settings not directly related to the electric utility business are very sophisticated. And so, being able to come in and--so I assume, you know, going into a generated capacity--so let's say you got a generator and you--you know, there is all kinds of controls and switches to make sure that you don't run into problems with the electrons, let's put it that way.    And so, all the sudden, somebody coming in with nefarious--not just turning a switch off, you know, can scramble it in such a way that it would create unbelievable damage, certainly from a standpoint of generated capacity, I mean--I don't want to talk about it in an open forum like this, but I guess my concern--are you not having those kinds of conversations which are more than just turning the power switch off, as happened in the Ukraine, but really causing long-term damage either to generation capacity or transmission capacity?    Mr. Meadows. Well, that is comforting to know. I mean----    Mr. Meadows. And so that is real comforting, because what I am going to do is I will follow up with both you and Mr. Spence as it relates to this because, you know, again, it is one of the number-one questions that I get, is just a real concern. You know, it is about hitting the grid. And most people don't understand the interconnectivity between utilities. And so a lot of that gets blown way out of proportion.    Mr. Meadows. But yet, at the same time, your confidence level, if there were a cyberattack on an investor-owned utility, you know, somewhere in the Midwest, the damage they could cause, in your opinion, would be minimal.    Mr. Meadows. Physical damage.    Mr. Meadows. So what you are saying is mass outages for multiple weeks or days, are--in your opinion, is going to be a weather-related event.    Mr. Meadows. But those are a lot easier to anticipate and plan for.    Mr. Meadows. Well, that is very helpful. I will follow up with all of you. And from an REA standpoint I just want to say thank you, as a member of my local REA. I have a great affinity for my REAs.    Mr. Meadows. All right. I yield back.