    Dr. Reitze. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Members of the Committee, thank you for holding this very important hearing. I'm delighted and honored to be testifying before you today. My name is Dr. David Reitze. I'm the Executive Director of LIGO. I'm based at the California Institute of Technology.    On February 11th, my colleagues and I announced to the world the first detection of gravitational waves from two colliding black holes. This is truly a stunning discovery. It comes 100 years after Einstein first published his general theory which predicted gravitational waves, and it was made possible only after a 40-year dedicated effort of experiment and theory funded by the National Science Foundation with your support, with Congressional support.    This discovery is in and of itself an incredible scientific and engineering feet and it proves that Einstein was right once again. However, the detection is really much, much more than that. Up until this point, humanity had never observed two colliding black holes merging to form one. This is a stunning discovery. It's what my colleague Kip Thorne calls ``a storm in space-time.'' For the first time, we're probing the universe in a completely new way. Indeed, before this discovery, we hadn't even known that black holes existed in pairs.    LIGO is a new kind of astronomical receiver similar to a radio telescope and can directly hear vibrations in space-time. The gravitational window opened by LIGO dramatically differs from all other windows. LIGO should be able to detect things that no other type of astronomical telescope will detect.    Einstein tells us that space-time is warped, that gravity is geometric, and that black holes exist. It also predicts the existence of gravitational wave. As you pointed out, Chairman Smith, they are ripples in the fabric of space-time.    The effect of gravitational waves is mind-bogglingly tiny so it takes massive objects, 30 stellar-mass black holes colliding with each to produce detectable waves, and the changes that we measure to detect them are one one-billionth of one one-billionth of a meter, incredibly tiny. That's a tiny fraction of a proton's diameter.    First slide, please, Jose.    To detect gravitational waves, LIGO uses two interferometers. You see the one from Livingston, Louisiana, here, each having 4-kilometer arms, and the signal that we record is actually in the audio band. In other words, we can hear the signal when we play it through a speaker, and Jose, could you play the first? That is the sound of two black holes colliding. Play the next slide, please.    This makes it a little bit easier to hear. We just frequency-shifted it. Thank you.    Like many scientific discoveries, LIGO had very humble beginnings. Experiments were carried out in the 1960s and 1970s by Rainer Weiss of MIT and groups at the University of Glasgow in Scotland and by Ron Drever in the Max Planck Institute in Germany along with theoretical efforts in gravitational-wave physics by Kip Thorne of Cal Tech as well as others.    When LIGO was first proposed as a large-scale project in the mid-1980s, some deemed the project too risky and too expensive. NSF, however, recognized both the huge scientific potential and the cutting-edge technology that could result from designing and building LIGO.    I believe this discovery is truly a scientific triumph but I want to set aside that for a moment and focus on some broader impacts.    LIGO in the United States leads the world in this new form of astronomy. Large-scale interferometers are currently under construction in Italy and Japan, and India just last week announced that it will partner with the LIGO Laboratory to construct a third identical LIGO interferometer in India. The world is following the United States into this new scientific frontier.    In addition, to make LIGO work, we had to develop the world's most stable lasers, the world's best mirrors and optics, some of the world's largest vacuum systems as well as push the frontiers of quantum-measurement science and high-performance computing. We use a lot of technology, and all the technology we use, we advance.    In addition, LIGO is a big data generator. We produce almost one petabyte--that's one million gigabytes--of data per year. LIGO scientists develop and employ sophisticated computer algorithms to sift through the data searching for these gravitational waves, and we use numerical modeling to model the signals that we expect to see, and that requires high-performance computers, supercomputers, supplied by NSF XSEDE and Blue Waters program.    All of this said, I believe that the largest impact from LIGO in the past and in the future will continue to be the scientific workforce, the education of scientists and engineers that we've done over the past 40 years and that we'll do going forward. Many scientists when they come to LIGO, they fall in love with it and they choose to stay. However, others go on to distinguished careers in both high-tech industry and international laboratories. And in addition, LIGO invites about 20,000 students every year to come and visit our observatory education and outreach program.    I'll close with the following statement. LIGO is a testament to the vision and tenacity of scientists like Rainer Weiss, Kip Thorne, Ron Drever, and others who began these research programs, but it's also a testament to the National Science Foundation, whose bold vision and steadfast support and stewardship enabled this discovery. It's with great appreciation that I also thank the U.S. Congress for recognizing the importance of this research and supporting it.    Thank you.    Dr. Reitze. So I'll follow up a little bit. I actually believe what Dr. Crim said, that fundamentally, LIGO is about opening a new window on the universe. Just to give you an example, after we announced our discovery, the amount of reaction to it worldwide was awe-inspiring. I learned yesterday that--I'm not a social-media person but younger people are. There was 70 million tweets about this discovery which is, to me, mind-boggling.    I can focus a little bit on the technology to focus on some of the vibration isolation system. We can't talk about it, but we've been approached by companies that manufacture, you know, computer chips that do lithography, and the vibration isolation that we do, all right, because we have such good low-frequency vibration isolation, we keep things still for a long time. That's actually something that could be very, very beneficial for companies that make semiconductor chips. There are other examples too that I could talk about but maybe----    Dr. Reitze. Well, gravitational waves are dark. They're invisible to the electromagnetic spectrum. So everything we know about the universe comes from X-rays or gamma rays or light or an infrared radiation. This is a completely new sector, so in some sense it's the complete complement of astronomy, and the event we saw, black holes,we believe that you can't see them using conventional astronomy, so that's one example. As David mentioned, cosmic strings. There are a whole host of things that you cannot learn from any other type of astronomy that you can only learn from gravitational waves.    Dr. Reitze. To follow up on that, so we actually calculated how many gravitons we saw or how many gravitons were released in this experiment or in this black-hole collision, numbers 10 with 80 zeros after it, so there's a huge number of gravitons here. We may discover something. I might--we may discover something interesting about quantum gravity that we didn't know before. That's one of the excitements of this business.    Dr. Reitze. Yes. That's what we've learned in this experiment, that we've put a limit on it, that it can only--it can't go slower than .992 or 993, the speed of light. We believe it goes at the speed of light.    Dr. Reitze. Actually it's interesting. Einstein, first of all, he goofed when he calculated the first gravitational-wave phenomenon. He actually got the term of the radiation wrong. He corrected that and fixed it, but later he actually believed that the--first of all, the effect was so tiny that it would never be discovered, so he never worried about it, and then later he actually believed that it didn't really exist and he had to be convinced by one of his postdoctoral associates that it exists. So Einstein himself doubted his own discovery.    Dr. Reitze. Maybe.    Dr. Reitze. So Japan got started with a detector in the 1990s, and they're building a big one. I think their number, don't quote me on this, but I think it's on the order of 250 million, but they're well behind us.    Dr. Reitze. That's the Japanese detector. The Italian Virgo detector, I think they're in--the way they do their accounting is a little bit different because they don't cost their people in it so it's not really an apples-to-apples comparison but probably they have spent about $200 million not including the people that they've put into it.    Dr. Reitze. Oh, I'm sorry. Maybe I misunderstood the question. Foreign contributions to Advanced LIGO--David Shoemaker might be able to answer that question.    Dr. Reitze. So let me start, and David can comment. It may be possible--first of all, gravitational waves themselves exist. They're ubiquitous just like dark energy and dark matter but they're a very, very tiny fraction. I mean, you can sort of add up how much energy density is in from gravitational waves and it turns out to be very tiny. But it may be that gravitational waves interact with dark matter in a way that we haven't theorized yet or calculated so it may very well be that somebody will come up with an idea to use LIGO or maybe LISA, the space-based detector, to detect them. So it is--you know, it's one of those things where now that we've detected gravitational waves, people are going to start thinking about how can we use to understand other more fundamental things.    Dark energy is trickier. I once heard somebody say that dark energy overstates our knowledge of this phenomenon by two words: dark and energy. We really don't even know what--it's getting--there's getting better understanding of it but it's still--you can measure it but to understand it is kind of hard.    Dr. Reitze. So my favorite philosopher is a gentleman named Yogi Berra, and he said predictions are difficult, especially about the future. You know, you can look back 100 years ago when general relativity was first postulated, when quantum mechanics were first postulated, and it was--at least it would have been impossible for me to project forward where we might be. That's the thing about science that's so great, that you never know where your big breakthrough is going to come from. So for example, you know, everybody probably or some people have been through MRI, you know, getting diagnostic imaging from MRI. That comes from an obscure phenomena that was investigated in the 1940s and 1950s by nuclear physicists and condensed-matter scientists so I wish I could answer. If I could, I would probably make a lot of money in the stock market but I just don't know.    Dr. Reitze. And let me just follow up on that. This is where LIGO is so cool in so many ways for me. This is--the problem that David just alluded to is a material-science problem. You know, we have to solve fundamental material-science problems to be able to discover black holes so there's just a natural connection across lots of different disciplines.    Dr. Reitze. Yes. If the supernova 1987A went off today and LIGO was on line, we'd have a good chance of actually seeing it. We would have actually seen it. Or if we didn't see it, it would've said something about the dynamics of the core collapse in that supernova process. So there's a star Beetlejuice that's a red giant and it's probably going to explode sometime in the next 10,000 years. We're hoping it explodes in the next--we're hoping it's already exploded and the signal's on its way----    Dr. Reitze. They're lining up in 2028.    Dr. Reitze. Sure. So--I'm sorry. These are questions we love, okay, and shut me up if I'm getting--I'll be quick.    So electromagnetic waves are not very precisely defined. They have uncertainties in amplitude and in phase, all right, and that comes from the natural quantum nature of light, and the way that you distribute those uncertainties, somebody named Heisenberg told us that there was sort of a little fuzz ball. You can think about an electromagnetic wave as a vector with a fuzz ball at the end. You can actually squeeze the amplitude at the expense of phase or vice versa. So this is something that's existed since the 1980s and it's actually a technology that hasn't found much of an application until LIGO, and now we're using it, so----    Dr. Reitze. And that's just for binary black holes. We still haven't seen neutron stars, and we expect to see quite a few of them per year when we're at design sensitivity.    We talked about supernovas before. They are the ones that are going to be hard to see. We're going to have to get really lucky to see a supernova because they're just not that strong of an emitter.    Dr. Reitze. Just a couple of examples. I'll start actually with the first LIGO, Initial LIGO, which was built in the late 1990s and 2000s. We partnered closely with a firm called Chicago Bridge and Iron Works that developed our vacuum system, and this was a--this vacuum system at the time was the world's, I think, largest although maybe that's not true from a defense standpoint, highest vacuum system, and some of the work that they did for us went on to later inform what they did for the National Ignition Facility.    We worked closely with a company in Silicon Valley that developed layers, Light Wave Electronics. They developed the first laser for Initial LIGO that was actually used in some other applications such as newspaper printing.    As David mentioned, we worked closely with industry for developing optics and coatings so that's both in the United States and in with international partners. We worked a lot with companies in Colorado, in Boulder, Colorado, to develop some of the first LIGO mirrors and some of the first coatings, a company called Research Electro-optics, also advanced in films. We work a lot with companies like Invidia, all right, because we use graphic--we use GPUs in some of our analyses. We're actually not using them right now but we will be using them so we'll working closely with them. So there're a number of touch points where we've actually worked--partnered closely with industry, and that's just a partial list.    Dr. Reitze. We developed--actually, this is one of the things that I worked on. We had to develop some novel electro-optic technologies for--it's sort of a technical thing about how we lock--how we keep our interferometer in an operational point. We had to develop something called electro-optic modulator that was actually new and it's patented. It hasn't been licensed--it hasn't been licensed yet. But there are things like that. Some of the work that we did with the silica fibers, I think, with the Glasgow group has been spun off to some other applications.    Dr. Reitze. Yeah. Look, I think Chairman Smith said it, or somebody said it quite well, that the first time people, rational scientists hear about LIGO, they think it's crazy because they think how do you possibly make a device that can measure to the billionth of, one- one-billionth of a diameter of a proton, and you scratch your head, and then you start thinking about it and you realize that yes, it is possible. So in some sense, this was even bigger than the moon shot in the sense that I think most physicists--and it ran into resistance early on. Most physicists didn't believe it could be done. So I think it was due to a few key people including some key NSF Directors early on, Rich Isaacson and Marcel Berdon, that recognized that yeah, you could do this. It was just amazing.    Dr. Reitze. Yes, we see actually--so we design our instruments so that the light itself--4 kilometers is not a lot of distance----    Dr. Reitze. --distance for light, and we have to design our instruments so that we take into account the curvature of the Earth----    Dr. Reitze. --so that we can go flat. But what we do see in our instruments are the tidal effect from, you know, the moon goes around the Earth, the Earth, you know----    Dr. Reitze. --the Earth sort of breathes because of the tidal effects, and that actually shows up on our detectors. It changes the length of our detectors by about 100 microns a day. And we actually have to----    Dr. Reitze. We predict it. We can correct for it and we feed it back so that we don't have to----    Dr. Reitze. Yes. We in California are usually the last to know about anything because we're on the farthest time zone. So I got to work--I took my daughter to school and I got to work at 7:30 this morning and I read my emails first. That's my routine. And I saw a number of emails saying you need to look at this. This is serious. And the more I looked at it, the more I went wow. This is actually unbelievable.    And this thing that Gabby pointed out about injections, one of the things that we do to test ourselves is we inject signals. We can actually wiggle the mirrors to produce the kind of signals that I showed you. And we do it sometimes secretly. So there was--after people saw this signal, they said to themselves, oh, this must be a blind injection. And there were only four people in the collaboration and I was one of them that knew that this was not a blind injection. So I got a lot of emails saying Dave, can you confirm whether this is an injection or not? And I would send back, no, this is not an injection. And at that point, interest ramped up very dramatically. By the end of that day, I think a number of--you know, probably the entire collaboration knew we had something really hot.    Dr. Reitze. Yes, that's actually an excellent question and one that we worried very much about ourselves. I think the way--first of all, the thing you can say about it is that we actually had two different detectors. We had the one in Louisiana and the one in Hanford. They're independent. They're operated totally independently. They're uncorrelated. They both saw the same signal. It had the same characteristic in signal.    The data that we analyzed from that actually showed that the signal was completely consistent. It was found by many different methods. There were a lot of other checks that were done because, as was mentioned before, there are other things, noises that can creep in, so we looked at our detectors and convinced ourselves that there was nothing that was perturbing our detectors.    We also did a statistical analysis. Without going into much detail, we calculate what's the probability that this could actually be false, and how many--if you had to run for how many years, would you see an event that looked real, was false? We couldn't actually put a bound on that number. It's more than 1 in 200,000 years.    That said, we also looked at other things. Could somebody have done an injection? We talked about injections. Could somebody have, you know, secretly hacked into our computers and done this? We checked every path that we could think of and even some that we couldn't think of after we thought about it a little bit more and convinced ourselves that, no, that was not possible either.    The answer to your question is I think we're very confident. I would say this, too. You know, we expect to see more of these signals, so we hope that in the next--you know, the data that we still have sitting--you know, we're analyzing right now that we'll see more of them. And having more of them gives you confidence.    Dr. Reitze. Of----    Dr. Reitze. Yes. Of detecting gravitational waves? It's hard to see anything in the short-term. Some people, for example, thought about you might be able to use them for communication because they go through everything. I mean, your bodies are being--my body is being bathed by gravitational waves right now. But it turns out that to generate them you need big huge black holes, so it's hard to see that.    I think in the short term--and, you know, I feel more confident talking about the short term--the things that we'll see that will come out of this research are the technology, you know, transfers that come from the work that we do to build these detectors in computing and optics and lasers, servo controls, vacuum systems, things like that.    Fundamentally, it's hard to see. But again, you know, for me this is inspiration because it allows us to see the universe in a way we've never seen before. And for all of us, that's why we got into science. That's why we like to do it.    Dr. Reitze. Let me try and start, and I know David Shoemaker will also have some, I think, good answers or good comments about that.    First of all, when you get the project--I mean the idea of interferometry, you know, goes back to actually the '70s, Rai Weiss and even some guys in Russia thought about it. And so the question is what you then have to do to make this work. And so you write down a list of things that you need to study and investigate. You start investigating them using, you know, money from the National Science Foundation, what I would call individual investigator grants, and then you get to a point where you realize that that it could work and that there's lots of work to be done but it's more of an engineering. You know, you take the ideas that you've tested--you've studied and you have to engineer them. And then you get into the project phase.    And I think one of the things that LIGO--well, first of all, LIGO got started--I think it was the first big major project that NSF had done, and it had a rocky start to it because, well, you know, it was so big. It was a factor of 100 bigger than anything else had ever done. We'd done prototypes 40 meter that you--we didn't think of everything. And so there was some management changes that had to take place, but eventually, we got an organizational--a robust organizational structure in place that understands project management, the fact that you have budgets, accounts, and things like that. You have to track them. You have to make sure--you're given a finite amount of money. You have to make sure that you build everything you need to build with that finite amount of money. You have to understand how everything fits together, system engineering.    So there are a lot of things that we learned and then borrowed to make LIGO work. And I think both initial LIGO and in particular advanced LIGO was quite successful because we take these things that we learn from project management and we apply them, too. So it's actually a testament to not only the scientists but a lot of businesspeople. We had a lot of accountants and things like that working on doing this. So there's lots to be proud of here.    Dr. Reitze. Well, no, no, no. It was----    Dr. Reitze. --a complete--to do big science, you need to have an infrastructure that not only includes the scientists and the engineers and the students--we had a lot of students involved--but you need to have, you know, people that know how to track projects. You need to have people that know how to, you know, track budgets and things like that. So that was something that we figured out once we had to go into the big science model of it, and we put together a structure that ended up being successful.