    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman. Thanks for the precedent that you have given, and your leadership. Thank you for this hearing, actually. Incredibly important topic that we talk about fueling our next generation and all future generations.    And thanks to all the panelists for being here for your testimony, your passion, your expertise on an important issue.    Ms. Bauscher, you know, thank you to you and all those that you represent in your association. I spend a lot of time at schools, but I also spend times--the passion, the commitment of the professionals who work in school nutrition, we meet in the community, they come to the office, not just in the school, and I appreciate their leadership and what they do in our schools.    I believe as a result of the most recent federal school nutrition standards, we have seen a sharp decline in the participation of school meal programs. I mean, that is what I am seeing as I get around a lot of my congressional district, which is just about a quarter of the state of Pennsylvania, geographically.    Since fewer students are eating lunch in the cafeteria, they are more at risk of under-consuming the recommended amounts of fruits, vegetables, whole grains and milk. And, notably, 1.1 million fewer students drank milk with lunch during the 2014 school year than compared to 2012.    I would like to reference a new report from the National Dairy Council that highlights the nutritional importance of milk and stresses concern for recent consumption declines. Report underlines that milk is the number one source of nine essential nutrients in young Americans' diets and provides multiple health benefits, including better bone health, lower blood pressure, and reduced risk of cardiovascular disease and Type 2 Diabetes. If today's school students are falling even further behind in milk consumption, it should be easy to agree that action is needed.    You know, my question for you is, given your hands-on experience and the hands-on experience of those that you represent today, and the extensive background with school nutrition, do you agree that this is a concern? And, additionally, what can be done on a federal level to help you increase the average daily participation in the school milk programs?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. And asking for more flexibility is what I hear anecdotally as--just consistently with every meeting that I have.    Very quickly, I don't have a lot of time.    Mr. Storen, in your testimony, you say hunger might not be as visible in America as it is in other countries. Can you tell us what you mean by that and what it implies for hunger in America?