    Chairman HARDY. Good morning. I would like to call this hearing to order. Sorry for being late.    I would like to thank our witnesses for being here today, and especially those small businesses who have traveled so far to get her and testify. We really appreciate that.    So I will start off with a statement here. Fair Labor Standards Act is a primary federal law governing the employee wages, hours worked, and overtime pay. When the Fair Labor Standards Act was enacted--it was in 1938--an exemption from the Act's overtime provision was provided for certain executive, administrative, and professional employees. This is commonly referred to as a ``white collar exemption.'' In March of last year, President Obama directed the Department of Labor to streamline and simplify the regulation governing the white collar exemption. The DOL issued those regulations on July 6th of this year. Judging by the reaction from small business owners across the country, this proposed regulation does not streamline or simplify. Instead, it increases the cost for small businesses and reduces flexibility for American workers.    As we have seen too often, the DOL has done a poor job of analyzing the impact of the rule on small businesses as required by the Regulatory Flexibility Act, and it has vastly underestimated the number of affected small businesses and what the real ramifications are for those companies and their employees. The Administration's own Chief Counsel of Advocacy stated that the analysis relies on numerous assumptions and lacks detailed industry information, even though it was available. In addition, the small business owners have pointed out several other problems. For example, the proposed rule would raise the salary level under which the employees qualify for overtime pay, from $23,660 per year to $50,440 per year in 2016. That is a 102 percent increase that will have a heck of a lot of impact on small business owners' bottom line.    Another problem that I have heard from my constituents back home in Nevada is that the rule adopts the ``one-size-fits-all'' standard. It simply does not recognize the geographic diversity of the American economy and will particularly hurt the rural small businesses that are recovering from this Great Recession. Simply put, $50,440 per year salary threshold might be fine for an employer in San Francisco or midtown Manhattan, but not so much in Ely, Nevada. The impact on the regulation and that of the countless other regulations we have examined here in the Small Business Committee shows that this Administration is tone deaf when it comes to actually helping small businesses. If the DOL finalizes this rule as written, it will make it harder for small business to grow and create jobs.    I look forward to hearing from our small business witnesses who will tell us how this regulation will affect their businesses, their employees, and now I yield to Ranking Member Adams for her opening statement.    Chairman HARDY. I would like to start with if there are any Committee members that have an opening statement, I would like to make sure they submit it for the record. I would like to also discuss the five minute rule. You will each have five minutes to discuss your testimonies. Then the light will start out green. When it gets down to one minute it will turn yellow. When it hits red, I would appreciate you wrapping up as soon as possible, and I would like you to adhere to that limit.    I would like to start with introductions if I could. Our first witness is Kevin Settles, owner of Bardenay Restaurant with locations throughout Idaho. He was named Idaho Restauranteur in the year 2011, and his business has earned nationwide recognition in Forbes and Wall Street Journal and the television show Modern Marvels. He also serves as a commissioner on the Idaho Human Rights Commission as a member of the National Restaurant Association's Board of Directors for whom he is testifying on behalf of here today. Thank you for being here, Mr. Settles. We appreciate you coming here.    Next up is Mr. Brady, president and CEO of Brady Homes in Bloomington, Illinois, testifying on behalf of the National Association of Home Builders today. He serves as first vice chair of the board. Ed is a second generation home builder, taking over his family business started by his father in 1962. Over that time, the company has built over 1,800 homes and has developed more than 2,000 single-family lots. He was also named the Builder of the Year in his local association in 1996 and in 2001. We appreciate your participation here today, and thank you for being here.    Our next witness is Terry Shea, co-founder of Wrapsody, Inc., a unique gift shop which offers a variety of home and personal products. Wrapsody started with a 2,700 square foot storefront in Hoover, Alabama, that has now expanded and moved into a 5,100 square foot space with the second floor opening soon. She brings over 30 years of experience to the retail and sales contributing to the success of notable companies like Nike and Proctor and Gamble. She is testifying on behalf of the National Retail Federation. Ms. Shea, thank you for being here.    I now would like to turn the time over to the Ranking Member Adams for her to recognize her member.    Chairman HARDY. I would like to start with Mr. Settles. If you would not mind.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Settles.    Now, I want to recognize Mr. Brady.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Brady.    Ms. Shea?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Ms. Shea.    We now recognize Mr. Eisenbrey, I believe it is.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Eisenbrey.    Now we will start a line of questions. I am going to start with myself. Each member will have an opportunity to take five minutes worth of questioning.    So with that I would just like to make one quick comment. Six hundred eighty five individuals from one organization sent letters to this Committee in opposition to this rule. It must be having a pretty good impact on their bottom line and on their employee status.    I would like to start with the business folks here. Can you tell me a little bit about what this regulation and others like it this administration have handed down, what kind of impact it has put on your business, both for time to keep up with these compliance rules, and as we all know, time is money in business, and how much more you are going to spend now versus what you did five years ago and maybe even 10 years ago.    We will start with you, Mr. Settles, if you would not mind.    Chairman HARDY. Mr. Brady or Ms. Shea?    Chairman HARDY. Ms. Shea, I would like to take a little different direction if you do not mind with you. In the conversations testimony you talk about where Mr. Brady, he can pass it down to his consumer, and you stated that you cannot pass it down. Could you give me the reason why you cannot and what cause and effect that is?    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. My time is expired.    I would like to recognize Ranking Member Adams.    Chairman HARDY. The gentlelady yields back.    I would like to recognize Mr. Rice.    Chairman HARDY. The gentleman's time has expired.    I would like to recognize the Ranking Member Velazquez over Small Business.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. The gentlelady's time has expired.    I would like to recognize Mr. Kelly.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you. I appreciate that.    I would like to recognize Mr. Takano. He is a guest of ours today here on this Committee. Thank you.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you.    I would like to recognize Mr. Bost for just a second.    Chairman HARDY. A second is up.    Chairman HARDY. Thank you, Mr. Bost.    I would like to take, with indulgence, go another round of questioning if you do not mind, and I will begin myself.    I apologize if there was a misunderstanding there, Mr. Brady. You may have the opportunity to do that where she was very clear that she could not pass it on.    You know, I have 40 years in the construction industry myself, and I appreciate the fact that Mr. Eisenbrey keeps bringing up that industry because the reason our salaries are going up is because of the lack of trade craftsmanship and the ability that we have to find those type of workers. They are just not there. They are not available. People are not looking at that industry like they used to. You know, I made a living out of this, but I cannot find employees. So with that, when you have less employees, it drives that portion of it up, so to say that this salary benefit of raising those salaried employees up, I do not believe has any impact on whether we change how we are. We have to keep those employees.    But Mr. Brady, I would like to go to you. With that experience, understanding that supervisor that you have hired, have you ever had a supervisor that would not rather have that salary over that hourly employee?    Chairman HARDY. Ms. Shea?    Chairman HARDY. I would like to give you a quick minute, Mr. Settles, if you would not mind.    Mr. HARDY. And what my earlier testimony stated is that this administration's own folks that represent small businesses stated themselves that they did not do a complete analysis with all the available stuff that was there to them, so I believe that this is kind of one of those surveys that might be a lot like a real estate appraiser. However hires the real estate appraisal is going to get the best appraisal. That happens in this Administration. That happens all over the country, one side or the other. So we have to look at all the data, all the folks that are happy versus ones that are not happy to make sure where we stand.    With that, my time is expired. I would like to recognize Ms. Adams.    Chairman HARDY. I would like to recognize Mr. Rice for five minutes.    Chairman HARDY. The gentleman's time has expired.    I would like to thank all the witnesses, especially those small businesses that have traveled so far, again, for being here today. This ``one-size-fits-all'' regulation that will hurt small businesses and their workers, particularly those in the rural areas, I will be sending a letter to the Department of Labor about the concerns we have heard here today and urge them to reconsider moving forward on this rule as drafted.    I am asking the members for unanimous consent; that I have five legislative days to submit the statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now over. Thank you.