    Mr. Salmon. The subcommittee will come to order. Given the timing of votes this afternoon, we are expected to go back in for votes again pretty soon, I am going to keep my remarks very short and submit my entire statement for the record.    Supporting human rights and democracy has long been a central component of U.S. foreign policy. Promotion of democratic values facilitates security, stability, and economic prosperity throughout Asia and the world. This year the Asia-Pacific region is entering a critical period for democracy with a number of elections, government transitions, and internal developments planned in numerous countries.    As the United States continually refines its efforts to ensure peaceful, transparent transitions of power and adherence to international law and norms, we must also ensure that our efforts are practical and leave meaningful results among Asian democracies, that our efforts leave them very robust. Our hearing will provide oversight on our Government's activities to support democracy abroad and ensure that while our focus is on military and economic rebalance, that we are not going to overlook the importance of democracy and human rights.    Today we are going to pay special attention to Hong Kong, Burma, Thailand, and Cambodia, and the rest of my remarks I am just going to submit for the record. We have got such a short amount of time, I really want to hear from the witnesses.    Mr. Sherman, I am going to yield to you.    Mr. Salmon. Some world records. Maybe with that miracle, maybe the Republicans might actually win a baseball game tonight, I doubt it, but--just kidding. We have a wonderful panel today. I would like to introduce Tom Malinowski, the Assistant Secretary of the State Department's Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor.    And, Tom, we really appreciate the opportunity while we were over in Asia to meet with you and get some of your wonderful thoughts. It really helped our trip very much as we interfaced with some of the leaders over there to get your insights, and I just have full support for everything you are trying to accomplish.    Scot Marciel is the Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Bureau of East Asia and Pacific Affairs at the Department of State.    And a frequent flier here at the committee, Jonathan Stivers, USAID's Assistant Administrator of the Asia Bureau.    And we are so grateful for the time this decorated panel has made for us today.    And, without objection, the witness' full prepared statement will be made part of the record. Members will have 5 calendar days to submit statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record.    Mr. Malinowski, I will start with you.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Marciel.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. Mr. Stivers.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you. I have a question for anybody on the panel that feels adequately prepared to answer the question: An Irrawaddy news article from 2014 highlighted that U.N. agencies, USAID, and some of AID's contractors were spending millions of dollars a year on rent payments to members of Burma's military elite, their families, and their cronies. And the case has highlighted the USAID contractor Development Alternatives International, DAI, reportedly renting a home from the family of Khin Nyunt, the former head of Burma's military and intelligence, and UNICEF was spending approximately $87,000 a month to rent a mansion owned by another former junta leader and minister in the current government.    These rents amounted to direct transfers of U.S. assistance funds into the coffers of people who thwarted democracy, abused human rights in Burma for decades. What are the steps that USAID and its contractors have taken to address the rent problem as well as issues with individuals who are on the SDN list that the USG inadvertently paid money to during Secretary Kerry's visit to ASEAN Summit in 2014? And please also share with the committee the current monthly rate USAID is paying for its own rented space outside the Embassy compound, including the resident of the chief of mission, and who the property owners are. We would also appreciate if you could provide similar information for the 10 largest contractors USAID is funding in Burma this fiscal year.    And Mr. Stivers I know you may not be prepared to throw down on all of that right now, but if you want to answer in writing afterwards, then that is fine too. But if you have any statements or anybody on the panel wants to address that, I would love to hear what your thoughts are.    Mr. Salmon. And Mr. Stivers, if you could look at, you know, just the question that I asked. We would be happy to give that to you in writing, too. Just get us an answer back. I would really appreciate it. It would be very helpful.    Mr. Salmon. One other question and then, in the interest of time, I want everybody to ask their first question. But one other question is regarding China. It frames issues regarding political developments in the area where it considers itself sovereign. Whether elections in Hong Kong, the DPP's projected win next year in Taiwan, and the protests for rights in Xinjiang and Tibet, and in terms of its core interests.    For the United States, each of these issues reflects our own core interests in the advancement of democracy, civil society, and human rights across the People's Republican of China, particularly in Hong Kong, where its history and special ``one country, two systems'' status has allowed for a degree of freedom, liberalism, and pluralism to take root and flourish.    What are the administration's plans to express solidarity with Hong Kong's democracy activists as part of a principled approach to summitry with China this year? Can Congress and the American people expect a public expression of support that will be heard by democracy activists in Hong Kong, China, and elsewhere?    Mr. Marciel, you made some great opening comments about the whole universal suffrage issue in Hong Kong. We were there. We met with several of the activists. And I am very, very concerned that the freedom fighters over there are feeling a little bit lonely. And I just want to know what we can do to further embolden democracy there?    Mr. Salmon. Well, I, for one, am really pleased that you said it in your opening statement, and I am pleased that you have reiterated that in relationship to my question. And it is not just my question for you. I think we are all kind of grappling as Members of Congress, too, walking that fine line of not, you know, we certainly don't want to upset the apple cart with our one-country policy that we would adhere to, really, for decades, and decades, and decades.    But by the same token, I think that there were certain representations that were made in 1997 when the transition occurred that haven't completely been realized. And I met with stalwarts when I was over there like Anson Chan and Martin Lee. And, you know, they believed that certain things were going to happen and they are still waiting. And I think that any voice that we can give collectively as a Congress, as the administration, to keep that idea alive as far as universal suffrage and selection of their chief executive, I think that that is really, really important to them. And so thank you very much for that.    And I am going to yield to Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you, Ms. Meng.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Lowenthal.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you very much. I am going to ask one more quick question and I will allow everybody else to ask another quick one. We probably don't have a lot of time, but how well is State coordinating with DOD on Thailand, which has historically played a major role in managing the U.S.-Thailand relationship? In March, the U.S. Pacific Command indefinitely postponed what was to have been the first planned meeting for next year's Cobra Gold exercises? Was this a signal to ruling junta? What do you think about using Cobra Gold to encourage the military government to move toward elections? And what options exist to hold multilateral exercises elsewhere in the region?    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    I think we are going to adjourn this panel and bring the next one up. Thank you very much, gentlemen. I appreciate it very much.    Mr. Salmon. I thank the panel for coming today.    We are very fortunate to be joined by Kelley Currie, a senior fellow with the Project 2049 Institute, where she has worked on democracy, human rights, and rule of law in the Asia Pacific for over 6 years.    Murray Hiebert--did I pronounce that right, Murray?    Mr. Salmon. He is a senior fellow and deputy director of the Sumitro Chair for Southeast Asian Studies, Center for Strategic and International Studies.    Peter Manikas has served as senior associate and director of Asia programs at the National Democratic Institute for the past 20 years.    And Dr. Sophie Richardson is Human Rights Watch's China director.    And Ms. Currie, we will start with you. Let me just explain the situation. We are going to probably have votes in about 10 to 15 minutes. I am going to try to get through all of your testimony. We probably won't get to questions today, which disappoints me, but maybe if we could have members submit questions to you in writing, that would be very, very helpful.    And Ms. Currie.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Hiebert.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Manikas and Dr. Richardson, I am going to have a very truncated time frame. We just got buzzed for votes.    Is there a way that you could maybe abbreviate your comments? Because I just have one question that I would really like to get out there. Would that be all right?    Mr. Salmon. And I am so sorry for the way things operate sometimes around here. But I know you are used to it.    Mr. Salmon. That would be great.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Dr. Richardson.    Mr. Salmon. You really hit on the issue that I wanted to ask the question on anyway. And anybody is free to give me their thoughts on it. But some observers think that the U.S. Government should do a lot more to promote democracy in Hong Kong.    Every time we do, China says: Hands off, it is a domestic issue.    What are some of the things that you think that the U.S. Government should do? And what kind of concrete steps? I mean, it is great that we make statements in hearings like this and when we have private meetings with them. But the needle isn't really moving. And can we step things up?    Mr. Salmon. This is something I would like to even put a little more flesh on the bones with you. Maybe we could privately meet and talk about some of your ideas. I really don't want to give short shrift. This is a wonderful panel. And I am so sorry that we couldn't just spend hours and hours because I know I would probably learn a lot. Thank you so much for being here today.    Mr. Salmon. Yes.    Mr. Salmon. You are a great straight man because that is exactly what our hearing next week is going to address. Thank you very, very much. We are thinking alike there.    This meeting is adjourned.