    Mr. Olguin. Yes.    The Chairman. Councilman, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Olguin. Thank you.    Mr. Olguin. Good morning, Chairmen Bishop and Chaffetz, Ranking Members, and committee members. My name is Mike Olguin. I am honored to be here. I am an elected member of the Southern Ute Indian Tribal Council, which is the governing body of the Southern Ute Indian Tribe. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today on behalf of the tribe, to discuss the Gold King Mine spill and its impacts on the tribe and our community.    Before I begin, I would like to thank Congressman Young and Chairman Bishop for last week's action improving the Native American Energy Act, and reporting it to the Full House. The tribe was active in developing that bill, and supports enactment.    My testimony at this time, Mr. Chairman, I would like to mention a few key items from my written statement. Then I would like to answer questions that you and the committee members may have.    The Animas River crosses the tribe's reservation downstream of Durango, Colorado, and upstream of New Mexico. Since the Gold King Mine blowout on August 5, the tribe has been extensively engaged in responding to the spill. We first learned of the Gold King Mine release when the Colorado Department of Natural Resources notified the tribe on the afternoon of the spill. We immediately responded by implementing our Emergency Management Plan, contacting the County Office of Emergency Management and EPA, and sampling water quality before the spill reached the reservation.    In the first days after the spill, it was largely the local jurisdictions who were responding to the incident. The tribe issued a disaster declaration on Saturday, August 8. Other jurisdictions followed suit.    In the days that followed the release, we attended to the needs of the tribal membership. We posted signs, closing access to the river on the reservation. We delivered water, bottled water, provided water tanks, and water for livestock. We also held informational meetings with tribal members, and offered temporary housing for our affected tribal members.    Additionally, we coordinated EPA testing of tribal member domestic water wells. For the duration of the response, tribal staff actively participated with personnel from other affected governments in the unified incident command, and remains engaged in the incident command to this day.    As of the Friday after the spill, the EPA still did not have a coordinated effort in Durango. In the absence of a Federal presence, local jurisdiction, including the tribe, worked together. For example, on August 6, the tribe's water quality program called the New Mexico spill reporting hotline and reported the spill to New Mexico. At that point, neither EPA nor Colorado had notified New Mexico. The county and our tribe notified our sister tribe, the Ute Mountain Ute Tribe, of the spill. We also shared information with downstream tribes in the Lower Colorado Basin.    For the period from August 5 through September 8, the tribe incurred approximately $170,000 in cost responding to the spill, mostly in staff time. We understand neighboring community businesses suffered losses, and our neighboring local governments also incurred costs. We are working with EPA to obtain reimbursement for costs already expended, and future costs that will be incurred, including the cost of continued water quality monitoring.    The tribe has long had an active water sampling program funded by EPA Tribal Assistance Program and Clean Water Act grants. The tribe's water quality data provided valuable information to all the parties affected by the Gold King Mine spill. We tested before the plume hit the reservation, and for 2 weeks after the spill. During that time, we were testing daily for over 25 substances, including aluminum, silver, magnesium, arsenic, lead, and mercury.    Coincidentally, just 2 weeks before the Gold King spill, we had collected tissue samples from fish in the Animas to conduct metals analysis on those samples. We shared our water quality data and continued monitoring, which should provide important information on long-term impacts.    Like others, we favor a full evaluation of events leading to the spill, and the EPA's performance responding to the spill. However, it is important to keep this incident in perspective and understand its point to a much larger problem. There are estimated to be 23,000 abandoned mines in Colorado alone, causing water pollution problems. Federal leadership, assistance, and cooperation among downstream community stakeholders is key to avoiding another blowout and addressing the problem of abandoned mine drainage polluting the Upper Animas River watershed.    Thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today.    Mr. Olguin. Yes.    Mr. Olguin. Well, without reviewing it, just from the initial intake, I could see us probably supporting it, just from the standpoint of cleanup.    Mr. Olguin. That is correct.    Mr. Olguin. Well, based on the collaboration, coordination we had there, that same information was reported to us; and we, as Southern Ute, do not have any information contrary to that.    Mr. Olguin. No, based on our testing, again, we came up with probably similar information, particularly with pH.    Mr. Olguin. Yes, we would.    Mr. Olguin. Well, first off, let me just acknowledge and thank you for your leadership on this.    EPA, to my knowledge, had not officially contacted the Southern Ute Tribe--and I am talking the Administrator--had not made a call to the tribe, the Chairman's office, until this Monday, September 14.    Mr. Olguin. In my opinion, when you look at the government-to-government relationships and trust responsibility, that is way too long.    Mr. Olguin. That is going to be hard to answer, because from our perspective, we really do not heavily depend on the Federal Government to do our work, to protect our interests. For us, you know, we always roll our sleeves up, get in the middle of it, and address our needs immediately. Then, of course, whatever information we gather, we do hire the best people, the most qualified people; and, of course, we deal with people that are not producing the level and quality that we expect, as well. So I think, if nothing else, it is definitely holding people accountable and responsible for actions.    Mr. Olguin. Well, economic impacts for us, aside from any cost that we have incurred, is still to be determined, particularly when you have this particular area of Durango, Silverton, the Four Corners, southwest Colorado, and even New Mexico. You know, it is a tourist area. For us, some of our--well, our casino, as an example, the same people that visit Durango, possibly visit Silverton, the Four Corners, are the same people that visit us.    Particularly, when you have the world news saying, ``Here is a toxic waste site,'' well, it scares people. People cancel reservations, cancel trips. The economy goes down, based on that. I think that is something we have to really look at, what really was our impact, when it comes to those economic events that happened because of the spill.    Mr. Olguin. Well, I would have to say that, when we look at the Ute ancestors, those mountains were our homelands. So, I think it starts right there, when the mining industry came about and we were removed from that area.    Where we are located now, the water is a sacred source of life for us--water produces life. That is one of the eight rivers that crosses the reservation; and, of course, we do have cultural sites along the river. We do not make those public by any means, but the people that live along the river, the tribal people, I mean, this is sacred in all aspects.    Mr. Olguin. At this point it is probably going to be hard for us to say, but I guess cleaning up the river, cleaning up the water, it is of utmost importance.    Mr. Olguin. Well, generally, the way I can express it is, of course, we have to respond to it. First and foremost, we have to deal with the disaster by having to implement our emergency management plan and our team, and start incurring costs to address our needs for our membership. That is probably the biggest thing, that hit us right away. Of course, you never plan for a disaster, but when you do have the plan, it really kicks in.    Mr. Olguin. We have not received anything, but we are working with the EPA on a cooperative agreement to be reimbursed.