    Ms. Apy. It is my privilege to return to discuss ICAPRA and to discuss the reporting requirements. My purpose today is to review and articulate, first of all, the importance of the report, the current deficiencies in the existing report, and the necessity to address those deficiencies as a matter of urgency in order to aggressively combat international child abduction by encouraging a report which will become the authoritative source of objective evidence to assess obstacles to recovery of all children.    The focus of this act is two-fold. The first is prevention, which is of course one of the most important aspects of preventing the scourge of child abduction. This is the only report that is internationally issued with regard to accurate numbers involving child abduction.    Secretary General Bernasconi at the Hague has at least twice formally indicated that the Hague doesn't have the resources, does not have accurate information, is not provided information by countries. So much like the Trafficking in Persons Report, this is going to be not just the report that is looked at for prevention purposes by those in the United States of America, by those of you who legislate, by the diplomats who are addressing these issues, but of course by American judges, by American lawyers, by parents, in making determinations with respect to the resolution of their international custody agreements.    If you don't have accurate information, then you don't know that there is a risk. In my written remarks, I have outlined the way that those of us who do this work assess the risk of abduction. And it is a matrix, and I have talked about this before before this subcommittee. It is a matrix of the individual attributes of the litigants and the obstacles to recovery.    And the way that the obstacles to recovery are assessed is by looking at the objective information regarding whether or not there is a likelihood that a country is going to return a child who has been wrongfully removed or retained.    Now, I listened carefully to Ambassador Jacobs, and I was concerned in that one of the things when you, I believe it was Mr. Cicilline, who asked about the non-compliance process and that definition. And the Ambassador returned to the compliance assessment that preceded the current law.    What used to happen--and, again, this is more definitively addressed in my written remarks, what used to happen is the State Department would subjectively review, as she recounted, the judicial performance, law enforcement performance, and whether or not there is a central authority. That is no longer the way, or at least it is not the exclusive way, under the law that we are looking, in terms of oversight today.    And the point was that it was too subjective a mechanism to enable judges or lawyers or anyone else to accurately tell whether or not a country was or was not in compliance. So the new law made the requirement to be that of objective numbers. Tell us how many cases there are. Tell us how long they have been there.    Give us the objective criteria, so that anyone looking at the report, not just those who are perhaps on the telephone--and we have heard about transparency--anyone can pick up the report, including a judge, including a diplomat, including a legislator, and know whether or not there is a problem.    I recounted in my written remarks two cases, focusing on two particular countries. I did that because I could testify about specific cases that were not represented in the report. The United Arab Emirates is a country with which we have great diplomatic relationships. They are our partners in fighting terrorism in the region. I work with them consistently, and it is reported that there are no pending cases.    There is no question that there is a pending case. There is no question that there is a case in which there have been criminal indictments issued by the United States Attorney for the return of Gabrielle Dahm. There is no explanation provided for why that case is not reflected.    The other issue I would like to point out--and, again, my written remarks go into more detail, but--and we have been talking about Japan. Let me limit my remarks to Hague cases, because the response that the Ambassador gave was that the reason for the designation of no cases had to do with the pre-Convention cases.    Presume for the moment that that is the case. Let me address the cases that are in being since the Hague has been passed, many of which involve parents desperate, who have been willing to forego the return applications in favor of access applications. The access applications--first of all, in many cases, the Japanese insisted that those return applications be withdrawn if they were going to work the access cases. Let us begin with that.    You have no choice. You want to see your child; this is the way. There has been no case under the Hague in which there has been a judicial submission resulting in any type of access whatsoever. Twenty-nine cases are listed as having been delayed in some way as if these parents who have been working day and night somehow delayed the prosecution of their cases.    They haven't been worked, and yet the number of cases is zero. Using not the test that was testified to by Ambassador Jacobs, but using the test in this act, there is no question that Japan is non-compliant. No question. And, in fact, the narrative does nothing but create a question.    If I am before a judge talking about someone going to Japan for vacation, and the judge asks me, ``Is Japan compliant?'' I have to say yes. I have to say yes. That is what the information provided by what the authoritative--and this is evidential for those of us who are lawyers--source in the world says.    So the very first thing that I would say is that all of this act is dependent upon the report. If the report isn't right, the rest of the remedies, the way it is treated diplomatically, the way it is treated in the Embassies, the way it is treated at the borders, falls apart.    Those are my preliminary remarks, and I am prepared to address any questions that anyone may have with respect to the specifics of either the issues that have been raised or testimony.    I would also mention, there was a question I believe by Mr. Meadows with respect to what type of actions were taken to go through these definitions. And I am speaking on behalf of myself, but I am a member of the American Bar Association's Family Law Section, and have been for many years, and I am member of course of the International Academy of Matrimonial Lawyers. Neither group that I know of was consulted.    I know our working groups on international law were not consulted, and have worked on these issues day and night, as part of our normal professional practices, to walk through why, for example, you would never remove a custody application in a non-Hague case. Please understand, there is no ability to seek the return of a child in a non-Hague case if you do not have the right to determine the child's place of residence. It is the only way to seek the remedy.    To exclude those cases without any explanation is simply to lower the numbers. And, again, I heard the Ambassador talk about the revision of the report as there having been mistakes. I am hoping that that is genuinely the motivation for lowering those numbers as opposed to being forced to address certain of the actions. And, again, there is tremendous discretion in the act.    But the part that I am concerned about is there seems to be a lack of understanding of how important these numbers are outside of just the acts that are associated with the law. It is important in the way that NGOs, in the way that those of us who deal with human rights are able to have discourse with accurate, credible evidence. And the lack of concern about getting these numbers right before the report was issued is stunning to me.    Ms. Apy. Well, I think, first of all, and I mentioned it briefly, but one of the most stunning moments of the testimony was--and I don't think she appreciated it as an admission, but admitting that the application of non-compliance was based on the old test and not based on the content of the new law, which requires objective numbers.    I am very concerned, however, that the promises that we heard with respect to changes in the report--first of all, it is not just Japan. We talked about Japan, because it is so obvious, and reaches the level of almost black comedy to be in a situation where you have a room filled with people who know that there are ongoing cases. And to see in print not only that it is not a situation of non-compliance, but also a situation where the case isn't even referenced as being in being, that is not the only country where that is reflected.    I am very concerned with the removal of any case in which custody is being proffered as no longer constituting a pending abduction case. There is also a failure--and I understand that since this is the first piece of legislation worldwide to address access that figuring out the access issues and how that will be done would take additional time.    The original comment to the report was not that we need more time. There was nothing in the report that said, ``Yes, we have done a truncated report. But as it turns out, we are going to need a little bit more time to address how these definitions now fit with the reporting requirements.''    The first time that the timeframe for reporting was raised was in response to the criticisms of the content of the report, because I am sure that if there had been a request for an extension of some kind because of the complexities of the definitions or a request to garner more information in reviewing them, that would have been addressed. There was no request. The report was issued with determinations regarding conformance and non-conformance.    I would like to address India briefly, because of what I think is the persistent desire to continue in the mind-set that preceded this law. The only reference made in dealing with the Indian cases is to press the signator to the Hague Abduction Convention. I totally support efforts to do so.    However, there is no question that had India been addressed in a more aggressive way, we would be talking about negotiating MOUs, which of course the Department of State, as a matter of formal policy, refused to do prior to this act. The idea in the act is that whether a Hague country or a non-Hague country, a memorandum of understanding or other bilateral discussions were to be formally engaged in, so that the conditions of those MOUs--I like to say MOU with a hammer--the idea is that we are not going to have private, unknown, unnamed, unseen conversations, and then tell left-behind parents, ``Well, we have talked about your case.''    Now, I know that in a number of cases where that representation has been made, no one that I have been in contact with references individual cases that I am aware of having been diplomatically discussed. I don't think this is a matter of national security. I think that the issue is one of accountability.    There are sensitive conversations, and we all understand that they would take place, but the point of having objective actions in the bill--and now the law--was so that there would be transparent and public censure to behaviors that are deemed to be not in keeping with international law.    And the first efforts at compliance with this act harken back to the diplomatic efforts that were done without scrutiny, and based on subjective diplomatic determinations that were deemed by this Congress to not be adequate. It was not adequate to merely have an independent determination that, is there difficulty with judicial compliance?    And the reason for that was, even in that setup, unless all three categories were met, the country was not deemed to be non-compliant. So if a country never issued a return order, it could never be non-compliant because you would never get to law enforcement.    It made no sense. It was subjective. It was not responsive, and so it was changed by the Congress. But you heard today that the test that was applied--and apparently will be applied at the end of the week--is the old test. And the way that they got away with it was by not giving objective numbers for the number of pending cases, because if they had they would have no choice. They would have to look at the actions that are mandated to be taken under the new act.    I am delighted to hear, although I have some incredulity, about a report that will be issued in a week. However, if it only deals with Japan, and if it does not also include compliance with the actions portions, if it doesn't deal with accounting for what actions have been taken in India in addition to suggesting that they sign the Hague Convention, then we will be another year and the faces that are now becoming familiar to us will again be sitting here and asking the same questions.    It is supposed to be hard. The deal is, if these parents--and I said this before--this is not about them not taking all efforts necessary to litigate their cases and apply the rule of law. They are in a situation where despite having done everything that they are supposed to do on a systemic nation state level, they cannot get the remedies, which is why this act was originally conceived and should be applied.    And it is clear that either there is a huge lack of understanding or, as my written remarks I indicate, or a continued resentment to the provisions of the act about which the Department of State is uncomfortable. They opposed this act, and I would like to think they haven't gone into compliance with it kicking and screaming. But all evidence seems to support that they have in fact not been enthusiastic in their desire to be in compliance.    Ms. Apy. Thank you. I had a conversation in which Congresswoman Lois Frankel, my client, Mr. Dahm, and representatives from the Department of State were on the telephone to discuss the pendency of the case. The representatives could not tell me--from the Department of State could not tell me why the UAE was not listed at all as having the pending case.    They couldn't tell me the location of the child. The information that they provided with respect to the status of the case was information that I had originally given to them almost 2 years earlier. They had no idea who the current FBI agent on the case was, despite the fact that the Department of Justice identified the State Department OCI as being the ball carrier.    My experience--and I get very frustrated--is that when I have these conversations the answer is usually either, ``I will get back to you'' or the ubiquitous, ``We have been having conversations, and we have mentioned your case at the highest level.'' That seems to be a euphemism for it is--I don't know, it is on a list, it is--again, and I tend to press that issue, because absent a national security concern I think there are things you can share with a parent, and things you can share with regard to where that conversation is.    And both on an individual level, as well as of course when there are systemic conversations taking place, I think there is still a reluctance to engage in those systemic conversations. I think that that becomes extremely frustrating for parents and for those who are attempting to work the cases.    I would also note that nowhere in the report is there the required reference to the number of cases that involve our servicemembers. So those conversations, when I ask, you know, this is a servicemember, are we following up on it from that standpoint? There just isn't any response in that regard.    Ms. Apy. I would also encourage--and, again, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children's international desk, one of the advantages is that they sometimes give more breadth to the issues than one might find from the Department of State.    Additionally, they have exceptionally good connections with law enforcement, to the extent that you are working through the law enforcement piece of this, which is by no means easy and should be the subject of a separate hearing, frankly, in terms of Title III of this act and those implementation issues, because we are off the rails there, too, I am afraid.    But NCMEC is a good go-to place to begin to develop the vocabulary for that, and to make those connections. But I think that the conversation, again, is finding pieces of information from various sources, and NCMEC would be one that tends to pull some of those together.    Ms. Apy. The other point, the reporting back to Congress, one of the main reasons to do that was to avoid exactly the situation that we are in, and that is that the State Department was the purveyor of the numbers, and there was no way for members to have any accurate information other than if they were contacted by their constituents.    The State Department pushed for, obviously, if personal information about the cases were needed, that there be privacy concerns, and we all agree with that. But it doesn't obviate the responsibility to get the information to the Congress of the United States accurately without the private information regarding the case.    And I think that is the piece that is, not to circle back on the report too much, but that is the only other place you will get it. So unless your constituent calls you or the State Department contacts an individual and says, ``Will you opt in?'' the original language was to opt out. And so that was a change that State Department wanted and got.    The bottom line is that the numbers have to be right, and so I just encourage that I don't think that there is encouragement to sign off on the privacy issues, and I don't think that there is a desire necessarily to make sure that that information is as transparent as perhaps members would and need to know.    You are dealing--as we have talked about before, you are dealing with international issues in which knowing accurate numbers is absolutely crucial to the business of governing.