    Mr. Goodlatte. Good morning. The Judiciary Committee will come to order, and without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time. We welcome everyone to this morning's legislative hearing on H.R. 699, the ``Email Privacy Act,'' and I'll begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. Today's hearing examines H.R. 699, the ``Email Privacy Act,'' and the need to modernize the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, or ECPA. In enacting ECPA nearly 30 years ago, Congress declared that the law's purpose was to achieve a fair balance between the privacy expectations of American citizens and the legitimate needs of law enforcement agencies. Reforming this decades old outdated law has been a priority for me as Chairman of this Committee, and I've been working with Members of Congress, advocacy groups, and law enforcement for years on many complicated nuances involved in updating this law.    I am pleased to now hold this important hearing to examine the leading reform proposal in the House, H.R. 699, and to examine in more detail the nuances Congress must consider in updating this law. While technology has undoubtedly outpaced the law in the last three decades, the purpose of the law remains steadfast. I am confident that Congress will once again strike that balance and do so in a way that continues to promote the development and use of new technologies and services, and create a statutory framework that will modernize the law to reflect how people communicate with one another today and in the future.    ECPA reform has broad sweeping implications. ECPA, and more specifically, the Stored Communications Act, governs Federal, State, and local government access to stored email, account records, and subscriber information from telephone, email, and other service providers. ECPA not only applies when law enforcement seeks information in a criminal investigation, but also in civil investigations and for public safety emergencies.    H.R. 699, at its core, establishes for the first time, in Federal statute, a uniform warrant requirement for stored communications content in criminal investigations, regardless of the type of service provider, the age of an email, or whether the email has been opened. I support the core of H.R. 699, which would establish a standard that embodies the principles of the Fourth Amendment and reaffirms our commitment to protecting the privacy interests of the American people.    However, our adherence to the Fourth Amendment should not end there. Congress can ensure that we are furthering the legitimate needs of law enforcement through ECPA reform by joining with the warrant requirement recognized exceptions and procedures designed to further the legitimate needs of law enforcement. One of the goals of this legislation is to treat searches in the virtual world and the physical world equally, so it makes sense that the exceptions to the warrant requirement and the procedures governing service of warrants should also be harmonized.    It is well settled law that the government may conduct a search in the absence of a warrant in certain instances, including when the government determines that an emergency exists requiring the search, or when the government obtains the consent of the owner of the information. The Stored Communications Act, however, created a framework unique to the electronic world in which even in an emergency or with a consent of the customer, disclosure of email content or even noncontent records is voluntary at the discretion of the provider. It is also well established law that a search warrant must be served at the place where the search or seizure occurs.    For 3 decades, ECPA warrants have been executed with the provider because, as with any other third-party custodian, the information sought is stored with them. H.R. 699 would now require the government to also serve the warrant directly on the criminal suspect, a proposal which has raised serious public safety and operational concerns across the law enforcement community.    Congress should also continue to ensure that civil investigative agencies are able to obtain electronic communication information for civil violations of Federal law. Courts have routinely held that subpoenas satisfy the reasonableness requirement of the Fourth Amendment. Unlike a warrant, which is issued without prior notice, and is executed often by force with an unannounced and unanticipated physical intrusion. A subpoena commences an adversarial process during which the person served with the subpoena may challenge it in court before complying with its demands.    The Stored Communications Act currently authorizes the issuance of a subpoena directly to the provider, albeit with a requirement that the government notify the customer. But Congress can go further to ensure that ECPA satisfies the Fourth Amendment by requiring that any civil process authorized by the law begin with service of a subpoena directly on the customer.    In this context, the customer is provided notice and the opportunity to contest the subpoena. Enforcement of the subpoena through a court order issued by a Federal judge that protects the rights and privileges of the customer, while ensuring that evidence of illegal activity is not insulated from investigators, would afford heightened protections beyond that which the courts have deemed necessary to comport with the Fourth Amendment.    Congress has enacted laws that impose penalties for certain conduct, sometimes criminal penalties and sometimes civil. We have established Federal agencies to enforce these laws with the tools necessary to carry out that enforcement. Congress should ensure that, in its efforts to modernize ECPA, we do not eliminate access to evidence of violations of Federal law simply because Congress chose to make those violations punishable by civil penalties.    I want to thank our distinguished witnesses for being here today, and I look forward to hearing from each of you on H.R. 699 and how to properly balance the privacy expectations of American citizens and the legitimate needs of law enforcement. And I look forward to working with all Members on both sides of the aisle to modernize the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. It is worth noting today that we also plan to hold a separate hearing in the future on the issue surrounding law enforcement access to information located on servers outside the U.S. As with the broader topic of ECPA reform, that is an issue with many nuances that we should carefully examine.    I would now like to ask unanimous consent to enter the following items into the record: a statement dated <greek-l>1 deg.December 1, 2015, from the Department of Justice; a <greek-l>2 deg.letter from the Federal Bureau of Investigation Agents Association dated November 24, 2015; a <greek-l>3 deg.letter from the National Association of Police Organizations dated November 30, 2015; a <greek-l>4 deg.letter from the Association of Prosecuting Attorneys dated November 24, 2015; a <greek-l>5 deg.letter from the Virginia Association of Commonwealth Attorneys dated July 10, 2015; a <greek-l>6 deg.letter from the Technology Councils of North America dated November 30, 2015; a <greek-l>7 deg.statement from Americans for Tax Reform dated December 1, 2015; and a <greek-l>8 deg.coalition letter signed by Tech Freedom and other coalition members dated November 30, 2015.*---------------------------------------------------------------------------    *Note: The material submitted by Mr. Goodlatte is not printed in this hearing record but is on file with the Committee. See also ``For the Record Submission--Rep. Goodlatte'' at:      http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/      ByEvent.aspx?EventID=104232.    Without objection, the items have been entered into the record.    It's now my pleasure to recognize the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers for his opening statement.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Conyers. And before we swear in the witnesses, I'd like to recognize the presence of the chief sponsor of the legislation, the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Yoder. Thank you for being with us today. Kansas, Kansas, Kansas. The gentleman from Wisconsin says he'll take you.    We welcome our distinguished witnesses today, and if you would all please rise, I'll begin by swearing you in. If you'd please raise your right hand.    Do you and each of you swear that the testimony that you are about to give shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Thank you very much. You may please be seated, and let the record reflect that the witnesses have responded in the affirmative.    Mr. Andrew Ceresney is the director of the enforcement division at the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, where he has served since 2013. Prior to joining the SEC, Mr. Ceresney served as the assistant United States Attorney in the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Southern District of New York where he was a deputy chief appellate attorney and a member of the Securities and Commodities Fraud Task Force in the Major Crimes Unit. As a prosecutor, Mr. Ceresney handled numerous white-collar criminal investigations, trial and appeals, including matters related to securities fraud, mail and wire fraud, and money laundering. He is a graduate of Columbia College and Yale law school.    Mr. Steven Cook is president of the National Association of Assistant U.S. Attorneys. He currently serves as the chief of staff of the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Tennessee. He has been an assistant U.S. Attorney for 29 years. In this capacity, he has worked in the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force and the General Crimes Section where he handled white-collar crime, fraud, and public corruption. He also served as the deputy criminal chief in the narcotics and violent crime section. Prior to joining the U.S. Attorney's Office, Mr. Cook was a police officer for 7 years in Knoxville, Tennessee. He earned a JD from the University of Tennessee.    Mr. Richard Littlehale is the assistant special agent in charge at the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. In addition to his duties as an investigative supervisor, Mr. Littlehale serves as an advisor and trainer in criminal law and procedure, as well as the Bureau's chief firearms instructor. Mr. Littlehale is a frequent presenter to community organizations on ways to protect children online. He is active in engaging the legal community on better ways to protect children from victimization. Mr. Littlehale received a bachelor's degree from Bowdoin College and JD from Vanderbilt University.    Mr. Chris Calabrese is the vice president for policy at the Center for Democracy and Technology where he oversees the center's policy portfolio. Before joining CDT, Chris served as legislative counsel at the American Civil Liberties Union legislative office where he led advocacy efforts relating to privacy, new technology, and identification systems. Prior to joining the ACLU, Chris served as legal counsel to the Massachusetts Senate majority leader. Chris is a graduate of Harvard University and holds a JD from the Georgetown University Law Center.    Mr. Richard Salgado is the director of law enforcement and information security at Google. Mr. Salgado oversees Google's global law enforcement and national security efforts and legal matters relating to data, security, and investigations. Previously, Mr. Salgado worked with Yahoo and also served as senior counsel in the computer crimes section of the U.S. Justice Department. As a prosecutor, he specialized in computer network crime, such as hacking, wiretaps, denial of service attacks, malicious code, and other technology driven privacy crimes. In 2005, he joined Stanford law school as a legal lecturer on computer crime, Internet business legal and policy issues, and modern surveillance law. He received his JD from Yale law school.    Mr. Paul Rosenzweig is the founder of Red Branch Consulting, a homeland security consulting company and a senior advisor to the Chertoff Group. Mr. Rosenzweig formerly served as deputy assistant secretary for policy in the Department of Homeland Security. He is a distinguished visiting fellow at the Homeland Security Studies and Analysis Institute. He also serves as a lecturer in law at George Washington University and adjunct professor at the National Defense University, a senior editor of the Journal of National Security Law and Policy, and is a visiting fellow at the Heritage Foundation. He earned a bachelor's degree from Haverford College, a master's from Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and a JD from the University of Chicago law school.    Your written statements will be entered into the record in their entirety, and we ask that each of you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes. To help you stay within that time, there's a timing light on your table. When the light switches from green to yellow, you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, that's it, time's up, and it signals that your time has expired.    Mr. Ceresney, am I pronouncing your name correctly?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much, and you may begin.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. Mr. Cook, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Cook.    Mr. Littlehale, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Mr. Calabrese, I think maybe I have your pronunciation correct now. Is that right?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. I'm on a losing streak here, but go ahead.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Calabrese.    And Mr. Salgado, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Mr. Salgado, would you pull your microphone a little closer to you.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Salgado.    Mr. Rosenzweig, welcome.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you. And we'll now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questioning of the witnesses, and I'll begin by recognizing myself.    Mr. Salgado, if Congress were to issue a subpoena to Google for the contents of a customer's emails, would that subpoena violate the Fourth Amendment?    Mr. Goodlatte. I think it's a very important question, however, because if you can't answer that question from me right now, answer this question. What's the constitutional distinction between congressional and executive subpoenas?    Mr. Goodlatte. If the subpoena issued to Google for the contents of a customer's emails, the customer might be a government employee who is acting outside of the government's servers and email system and is storing data on Google's cloud, what ability would the Congress have to conduct oversight if your finding is that it violates the Fourth Amendment?    Mr. Goodlatte. We would very much appreciate your taking some time to think about the answer to that question because it's a very important question with regard to how we address this. Because there either is not a violation, in which case the question arises what's the constitutional distinction between congressional and executive subpoenas, or there is a constitutional violation, in which case the Congress' ability to conduct proper oversight of the executive branch is a very significant one.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Mr. Ceresney, critics of a civil mechanism cite to the fact the SEC has not sought to serve a subpoena on a commercial provider in the 5 years since the Sixth Circuit's decision in U.S. v. Warshak. You've heard some of those criticisms right here on this panel today.    They say it's not really a problem that needs to be solved because of that fact. Is this true? And if so, why hasn't your agency sought to challenge the warrant only policy adopted by many providers following Warshak?    Mr. Goodlatte. I know that you haven't done it. I want to know why.    Mr. Goodlatte. So how has that affected your ability to conduct investigations?    Mr. Goodlatte. And before Warshak, you would then issue a subpoena to a third-party holder of those emails. Is that correct?    Mr. Goodlatte. And since then, you haven't felt the need to attempt to do that, and have the courts clarify this issue, which now the Congress is being asked to clarify?    Mr. Goodlatte. All right. Let me ask one more question to Mr. Littlehale. In addition to serving the warrant on the customer, H.R. 699 also requires law enforcement to provide notice to the customer of the nature of the law enforcement inquiry with reasonable specificity.    Is law enforcement required to provide such information to a person when they serve a search warrant on their home? What is the harm if law enforcement is required to inform the subject of investigation of the nature of the law enforcement inquiry with reasonable specificity?    Mr. Goodlatte. Turn your microphone on, please.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you very much. The gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Without objection, it will be made a part of the record.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Sensenbrenner, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Goodlatte. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, for 5 minutes.