    Mr. Larsen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks for calling this hearing to take a closer look at the FAA's oversight of commercial space transportation.    This committee has not convened a hearing on commercial space transportation since 2009, and I think we can all agree that there have been many exciting advancements in the industry that have occurred over the last 7 years, so I think it is really ripe for us to take a look.    And as we have seen recently, there is a great deal of promise with the expansion of the commercial space industry. Take, for instance, Blue Origin's success this weekend in landing the New Shepard rocket for the fourth time. This reusable capsule could be used in the future for human spaceflight, or SpaceX, which has been able to land its Falcon 9 rocket on an unmanned ship after successful missions and deliver communication satellites into orbit.    But the promise of commercial space does not end there. Several other companies, including many in my home State, are venturing into unchartered territory when it comes to mining asteroids, developing reusable vehicles, repairing satellites in orbit and other research that we once thought was impossible. In fact, this week, in Seattle, there is a conference on space where many of the leading companies in the industry are showcasing the latest in commercial space, including commercial space transportation.    But with that immense promise comes the need to make sure that we have a robust safety framework in place, and it is not an easy thing to achieve particularly as Congress is cautious to not overregulate this nascent industry. The commercial space industry reminds me a lot of what we are currently confronting with unmanned aircraft systems. Both industries are users of the national airspace, experiencing fast-paced growth, and both in their relative infancy.    As technology rapidly evolves, the regulatory side is continually playing catchup. The small UAS rule, the FAA announced yesterday, is representative of this challenge. The FAA had to balance the interest of the public and of the uses of the national airspace while at the same time being careful not to stifle the industry.    As the commercial space industry continues to evolve, we are going to face similar challenges, so I am very curious to hear what our witnesses' perspectives are on how the Government and industry can work together to build consensus around the regulatory framework that fosters innovation while achieving the highest possible level of safety. I am also interested to hear some perspectives on how we can safely and efficiently integrate commercial space launches into our air traffic control system.    Since 1989, the FAA has licensed or permitted over 280 commercial space launches. Those numbers are forecasted certainly to significantly increase in the coming years. What that means is that FAA's air traffic controllers will need to coordinate existing operations with those of the commercial space industry, and of course, throw into that, UAS. It will not be an easy undertaking.    So to me, it seems the most prudent way to accomplish that is by having all of our air traffic control operations reside with the FAA, the agency which is also responsible for licensing these commercial space launches. And while it does not fall under the jurisdiction of this committee, I would be remiss if I did not mention my interest in commercial space exploration and its impacts on national security.    As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I urge all of us to pay close attention to how the DOD leverages the private sector for national security missions, including launches. And as commercial capabilities and satellite imaging and communications continue to improve, the DOD's use of those services will also grow.    Thus, I consider it vital that the DOD be given a seat at the table when the FAA exercises oversight of commercial space transportation, given that national security interest is at stake as well. So it is a very exciting time for commercial space and commercial space transportation, and I look forward to learning more this morning. And with that, I want to again thank the chairman for holding this hearing, and yield back.    Mr. Larsen. Thanks. Mr. MacCallum, thanks for ending on those notes about actions to take. Is it your opinion that FAA could do these--take these actions with the current learning period or moratorium that Congress has in place through 2023?    Mr. Larsen. Dr. Nield, would you agree? What would be your answer to my question? Would the FAA be able to move forward on these kinds of recommendations without lifting the moratorium?    Mr. Larsen. From an industry perspective, are voluntary consensus standards enough? Mr. MacCallum.    Mr. Larsen. Dr. Dillingham, can you discuss a little bit more the issues brought up about the liability exposure the FAA would have with regards to the issues that you brought up in your report? You talked to them a little bit in your testimony. Can you provide a little more detail about it?    Mr. Larsen. When the taxpayers become liable for the loss?    Mr. Larsen. OK. Did the GAO find that there are enough folks then, in the FAA, to do inspections, to process licenses, to do the basic work that they would be required to do?    Mr. Larsen. Thank you. I have just one more question.    Mr. Gold, did you want to weigh in on that question? You seem----    Mr. Larsen. Yeah.    Mr. Larsen. Sure.    Mr. Larsen. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Larsen. Yeah, just a closing statement, Mr. Chairman.    It has been 7 years since this particular committee or subcommittee has had a hearing on commercial space. Other committees have, but we haven't really explored our jurisdiction on this in 7 years. And I don't want it to be 7 years before we do this again.    There is a lot to absorb. I think as the industry grows, and we need to, we should put as much attention into this as we are putting into things like UAS in order to stay on top of these issues. So I hope we can have a followup or explore some new issues or other issues in this--certainly perhaps, knocking on wood--early on in the next Congress.    Mr. Larsen. I have enough experiences at this job every day. And this--I think this is about as close as I am going to get to commercial space in my lifetime, right here.