    Mr. Gowdy. The Judiciary Committee will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to today's hearing on oversight of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services.    I will begin by recognizing myself for an opening statement.    I first want to welcome our witness, Mr. Rodriguez.    U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, USCIS for short, is responsible for processing over 6 million immigration benefit applications per year as well as implementing programs important to immigration enforcement such as E-Verify and the Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements Program, also known as SAVE.    Even without concerns being raised about terrorists seeking to exploit our refugee program or other aspects of our immigration system to enter the United States, processing such large numbers of immigration benefits applications would be a daunting task.    But those concerns are being raised, and they are on the forefront of my fellow citizens' minds. And, as a result, I will look forward to hearing what changes, if any, Director Rodriguez has or will soon implement at USCIS to help ensure terrorists are not approved for visas or other immigration benefits.    Many of the people I work for are particularly concerned about the prospect of a terrorist being resettled in our communities through the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program. And while I know we discussed this very issue weeks ago in the Subcommittee, those concerns are not going away. We are still looking for assurances that refugee program vetting is secure and effective.    Our concerns were only exacerbated by the remarks of our colleague, Homeland Security Chairman Mike McCaul, indicating that efforts to enter our country via fraud in the refugee program are currently--emphasize ``currently''--occurring.    Aside from security vetting concerns, fraud is always a problem in immigration benefits processing. I know the current and former Directors of USCIS have come before this Committee and said how fraud detection is a number-one priority, but that it is difficult to reconcile when we consistently hear from sources within USCIS that leadership will not pursue antifraud technology; that rubber-stamping of benefits applications is encouraged and even, in some instances, forced; and that USCIS' own antifraud unit, the Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate, is routinely sidelined and underutilized.    My constituents are proud that the United States has the most generous immigration policy in the world, and they are proud that the United States is a beacon of hope for foreign nationals seeking a better life. But they have a right to know that the immigration programs are being run in a manner that does not put them in danger, and right now they don't feel that way.    That is not to say that there is not some good news coming out of USCIS. The bright spot seems to be the E-Verify program, the use of which by employers is growing and which has had an extremely high successful verification rate. So I want to thank Director Rodriguez for his continued support of the E-Verify program, and I look forward to his testimony today.    With that, I would recognize the gentlelady from California, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    We are pleased to welcome our distinguished witness today.    Director, if you would please rise and allow me to administer the oath. Thank you, sir.    Do you swear that the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Mr. Gowdy. May the record reflect the witness answered in the affirmative.    Director, you have a long and distinguished career as a prosecutor, which I am going to give short shrift to in my introduction, so forgive me for that.    But today's witness is the Director of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. He was sworn in as Director on July 9, 2014.    He previously served as the Director of the Office of Civil Rights at the Department of Health and Human Services, a position he held from 2011 to 2014. From 2010 to 2011, he was chief of staff and Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights at the Department of Justice.    He received a B.A. from Brown University and a J.D. from Boston College Law School.    As I mentioned to you beforehand, I think you have prosecuted at about every level that one can possibly prosecute, so thank you for your service to our country.    And, with that, I would recognize you for your opening statement.    Mr. Gowdy. Thank you, Director.    I will recognize myself for 5 minutes of questioning.    Director, I am going to make a series of what I think are factually supported assertions. If any of the assertions are incorrect, I want you to correct them, because hypotheticals or realities are no good if there is an incorrect factual assertion.    So it appears as if the female terrorist in California entered the United States in July of 2014 on a K visa. And there is an application process which includes some level of investigation on our end. And, as I understand the application process, it may well be that USCIS and the State Department have some level of engagement, at least at the application process.    And then, as I understand it, there is or is supposed to be an in-person interview at an embassy or a consulate, which is another level of investigation. So you have the application, which may involve USCIS and the State Department. Then you have an in-person interview. And the way I count, that is at least two and maybe more levels of inquiry or investigation.    And then we fast-forward. The FBI Director today, I believe, tells us that there is evidence that the female terrorist was radicalized 2 years ago. And there is a media account, and you are free to put whatever stock you would like in a media account, but it has been widely reported that the male terrorist was part of a plot in 2012 to do harm in this country.    So it appears to me that the investigations done by our government would have occurred after both her radicalization and after his previous plot to commit an act of terror. And yet the visa was approved and she immigrated here. And 14 body bags later, we are trying to figure out what went wrong.    So assume arguendo that the FBI is right, which is not an unreasonable assumption; the female terrorist was radicalized well before her application to come to the United States. How did we miss that twice?    Mr. Gowdy. I wholeheartedly concur that we should be looking at all visas, no matter what letter occurs in front of them. It just so happens that this is a K visa, but the analysis could very well be the same regardless of what kind of visa it was.    And I am not trying to put words in your mouth, but what I hear you saying is we don't know if anything would have been done differently, and it is a thorough investigation, and yet we still missed it, which tells me that I have to go back to South Carolina and tell people there is just going to be an error rate.    Mr. Gowdy. Director, do you know whether or not the female terrorist in California was interviewed in person at an embassy or a consular post?    Mr. Gowdy. Do you know how long the investigation lasted from the time she applied for a K visa until the time she was interviewed at whatever consular post or embassy?    Mr. Gowdy. I was more interested in from the time she applied until the time there was whatever first interview, whether or not there was research done into her school, if any, attended; social media, if any; employment history, if any.    And I am out of time, so I am going to go to the gentlelady, and I will give her exactly the same amount of time I took.    I will just tell you this. I appreciate--because I hear it a lot from Administration folks, that they cannot discuss an ongoing investigation. I would just note the obvious. They are dead. So I don't know that we are terribly worried about their privacy considerations.    And I am not lodging this allegation at you specifically. I can just tell you, I have been around 5 years now, and it just strikes me that sometimes folks cite an ongoing investigation or prosecution when they just really would prefer not to answer the question.    Because there is not going to be a prosecution of either one of these terrorists. You and I agree on that. So I am not sure what we are worried about jeopardizing by allowing Congress to look at her file.    What investigative or prosecutorial strategy would be jeopardized by allowing Ms. Lofgren and I to look at her immigration file?    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair will now recognize the gentlelady from California.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    Director Rodriguez, at the end of this, I am going to make sure the Congresswoman has exactly the same amount of time I have. It's just if I don't ask that question now, I probably will forget to ask it before I go to Chairman Smith, which is that something she said prompted me to want to ask this.    It strikes me that there are at least two things we could say to our fellow citizens, one of which is, ``We missed it,'' as it relates to the female terrorist, and that's just a risk that we're going to have to accept as an open society. The other alternative is to say, ``This is what we have learned from that fact pattern, and this is what we are doing differently to prevent the next one.''    Which is it? And what assurances could you give that we are going to do it differently so there is not a repeat of this fact pattern?    Mr. Gowdy. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from the great State of Texas, Mr. Smith.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, sir. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. King.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Iowa yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Gutierrez.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair will now recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Gowdy. Permission granted.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Virginia yields back.    The Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Colorado, the former fellow prosecutor, Mr. Buck.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman yields back.    And I'm sure the gentleman's frustration is fueled in some part not because of this witness, but it's the Director of the FBI, himself, who has given us some of this information. For instance, I read today that the female terrorist was radicalized years before her application. That came from the Director of the FBI.    So I'm not blaming today's witness. I'm sure he's doing exactly what he was told to do. But you can't cherry-pick certain information and share that with the public and then hide behind an ongoing investigation and expect to be taken seriously. But that's not a reflection on today's witness.    With that, the gentleman from Idaho, Mr. Labrador.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentleman from Idaho yields back.    The Chair would now recognize the former U.S. attorney from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Gowdy. I thank the gentleman from Texas.    And the Chair would now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Gowdy. Yes, sir. The gentleman yields back.    Director, they have called votes. There are 6 minutes left in the vote.    I'm happy to try to get the gentlelady from Texas in. I don't want to jeopardize anybody missing votes. Do you want to go vote?    I hate to do it to you.    Mr. Gowdy. Okay.    There are two votes, so we'll cast both procedural votes. And then we'll come back immediately and recognize the gentlelady from Texas. Thank you.    We'll be in recess.    Mr. Gowdy. Well, I've indulged you for 3 1/2 minutes over the allotted time.    Mr. Gowdy. Can you assure me this will be your final question?    Mr. Gowdy. Okay.    Mr. Gowdy. Without objection.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair would now recognize the gentlelady from California for any concluding remarks or observations she may have.    Mr. Gowdy. The gentlelady yields back.    Director, I want to thank you for your patience. I want to make a couple of observations, and then I want to end it by allowing you to answer an open-ended question.    The first observation I want to make is for folks that are following this issue. And I would argue, and I know you would agree, a lot of folks are following this issue nationwide because of what happened in California and, frankly, because of some comments made by other Administration officials with respect to the refugee program. There's a justified, legitimate sense of angst.    And I'm glad to hear that you did not confine your remarks today to just the K visa process, that you understand that there's both a prospective and retrospective need to evaluate all the visa processes. So I want to thank you for that.    I want to say this delicately but as firmly as I can. I realize that we learn a lot post-tragedy. It'd be great if we could learn some of these lessons pre-tragedy. We just have a tendency to want to focus--I've read more articles today in the last couple of days about the K visa program than I have probably read in the last 10 years. It'd be great if it did not take something like what happened in California for all us, frankly, to redouble our efforts to make sure--the first objective should be to prevent it from happening, not to figure out what happened afterwards.    I have no reason to quarrel with the statistics, the crime statistics, that one of my colleagues shared with you. I don't know whether they're accurate or not, but I have no reason to quarrel with them, other than to say this: The margin for error is very, very, very small. In fact, it's nonexistent. And we can get it right a lot of the time. We can get it right the overwhelming majority of the time. But there's still risk. And, at some point, as a country, we're going to have to weigh and balance the risk with what we perceive to be the reward of the program.    What I want to do at the end is, I'm not going to ask you questions that I know you cannot answer, but I do want to put the questions on the record. So I don't expect you to answer them, I realize that you cannot answer them, but I want people to have a sense of what I think Congresswoman Lofgren and I would both like to ask. She's willing to wait until the Bureau concludes its investigation. I'm a little, maybe, more skeptical of whether or not it can't be done now.    But, regardless, I would like to know if the female terrorist did travel to the United States in July of 2014 on an approved K visa. The media reports are that she did. If the Director of the FBI can say certain things, I would think that that could be either confirmed or not confirmed.    At which embassy or consular post was the visa issued?    Are the reports correct that one or more of the addresses she listed on her visa application were wrong? And it can be mistakenly wrong or it can be fraudulently wrong, and it's important which it was, if either.    Did she undergo an in-person interview with a consular officer? And if so, how long did that in-person interview last?    When did she first apply for the K visa?    What does the investigation consist of before you get to the in-person consular interview? Were her neighbors interviewed in the country of origin? Her work history, school, employers?    You know, it strikes me, Director, that this country is conferring a privilege on people to allow them to immigrate here. Therefore, we should be able to ask to see whatever information we think would be relevant to that inquiry, whether it is cell phone records, if that's applicable in a country, or whether it is interviewing neighbors.    I want to make this one observation. I'm not going to pressure you. You say you can't answer the questions. I get that. I respect the fact that prosecutors and law enforcement officers oftentimes cannot comment on whether or not an investigation is even ongoing.    I would tell you that people like consistency because it breeds confidence. And our President has, on at least two different occasions, commented during an ongoing investigation. And I try not to criticize him gratuitously, but when you comment on an ongoing investigation, as he has done twice, on the merits, the facts, and then you ask Administration officials who come before Congress and, in my judgment, correctly note that they could not comment on an ongoing investigation, it breeds a lack of confidence.    I don't think the lack of confidence is with you. I just think the President would do well to take the same advice that you have received, which is, if you don't know what you're talking about, it's better to say nothing.    With that, we're all going to go back to our districts at some point, hopefully in the next week or so, and I think we're likely to be asked, are we safer than we were a month ago, are we safer than we were 6 months ago, with respect to what we've learned about the visa.    I want to let you close us out by giving an assurance, if you're able to, that we've already taken steps to at least make us safer than we were the day before the incident happened in California.    Mr. Gowdy. When and if you learn that it is appropriate for the Ranking Member and I or anyone else who's interested to review that file, we would like to do so. I don't want to interfere with an investigation, but I also don't want that to be cited as a reason if it's not legitimate. So if it's brought to your attention that it's okay, Ms. Lofgren and I will be happy to come to wherever the file may be.    Mr. Gowdy. With that, we want to thank you again, particularly for accommodating our vote schedules and for answering all the Members' questions and the collegiality with which you always interact with the Committee.    With that, we are adjourned.