    Mr. Maloney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And happy birthday to our colleague, Mr. Larsen, proof that the Aviation Subcommittee really is the secret to staying forever young.    Mr. Rinaldi, I appreciate the kind words on the bipartisan legislation that my colleague, Mr. Curbelo, and I have introduced to address some of the issues you have been discussing this morning: H.R. 5292, known as the Air Traffic Control Hiring Improvement Act. You have done a better job in your testimony than I could of outlining some of the merits of the legislation, but I would love to ask you about a couple of issues that are covered by our bipartisan legislation, as I am sure my colleague, Mr. Curbelo, may, as well.    And let me also say thank you to your members at NATCA for the extraordinary work they do day in and day out that ensure millions of us who travel every year--and every week, in many cases--arrive at our destinations safe and sound. So thank you for that, and thank you for your efforts in advancing my legislation.    But let me focus you specifically on the new biographical assessment test conducted by FAA. Could you speak to some of the ways that this test has led to qualified controllers, including veterans, being rejected from potential ATC positions? I am not sure people fully understand this issue.    Mr. Maloney. Thank you. And, if you would, also expound on how it unnecessarily restricts military and Department of Defense civilian controllers, and if that is contributing to the staffing crisis we have heard quite a bit about this morning and we are seeing in places like New York.    Mr. Maloney. And in the time I have remaining, I would also appreciate it if you would just say a word about how allowing FAA to directly notice ATC vacancies to historically black colleges, Hispanic-serving institutions, and other minority-serving institutions would help ensure that we are promoting a diverse workforce among air traffic controllers, while working on the staffing shortages.    Mr. Maloney. Thank you very much.