    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today we will be discussing an important issue that has been simmering for several years now after the Department of Labor chose to modify the first version of this rule several years ago, they have been working to listen to a broad spectrum of stakeholders on how best to proceed.    And I think that everybody in the room on all sides of this issue believes in a best-interest or fiduciary standard because I think we are all here out of concern that the clients' interests should be paramount.    But what this comes down to is how to make that happen and how to implement the rule in a way that makes sense and benefits consumers.    I truly believe today that most advisers do what is in the best interest of their clients, and hopefully the final rule won't be an overwhelming burden on those good actors.    However, providing a standard that those few bad actors need to abide by is absolutely essential, as well as to improve transparency in the industry.    As we all know, most Americans are not saving enough for retirement. It is essential that what little is being invested should not be biased by conflicted advice. Investors should be able to trust the person advising them about the money they need to live after retirement without having to worry about that adviser's self-interest.    On the other side of the coin, we need to protect individuals and small businesses to make sure that they have access to quality advice, because mistakes in investments cost billions of dollars, and good advice is well worth the price.    I am thankful to all of our witnesses for coming today to share their experience, and I am particularly glad that we are beginning with the Secretary of Labor. And I am glad to hear that he is interested in hearing our feedback about the rule. And I am thrilled that he has decided to extend the comment period by an additional 15 days.    I know that he has been working diligently on an overall goal of expansion of retirement savings as a way to address the retirement crisis. They have been doing a great deal of work in the Department of Labor on financial literacy, increasing effective enforcement by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, providing technical assistance to employers and workers and retirees about saving for retirement.    A good, workable rule regarding a best-interest standard can help increase trust between a client and their adviser, and that is an important part of expanding retirement savings.    I don't think anybody thinks that the current rule is perfect, and that is why I am thrilled we are having this conversation and that the Secretary has extended the comment period for 15 more days.    I will be asking some in-depth questions, both at this hearing as well as for the record, because although I believe that this process should continue forward to close a loophole and establish a fiduciary standard that reflects today's retirement landscape, we also need to understand and fix any unintended consequences, especially for low- and middle-income investors and small businesses.    Ensuring that people are receiving good, affordable, conflict-free advice should be our end goal here. And I look forward to hearing in-depth answers from the knowledgeable questions from the members of this committee so that we can help the Secretary reach an end result that helps those most in need and improves trust in the client-adviser relationship and leads to greater retirement savings for Americans.    Thank you, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Perez, I want to thank you for your Department's work on the lifetime income disclosure regulation. As you know, I am an original sponsor of that bill and I strongly believe all workers should have access to this tool that federal workers currently have.    In a snapshot, workers will know not only how much they have saved, but also what the balance would translate into in guaranteed lifetime income, very relevant for their own retirement plans.    And I know that this particular rule here is also part of your plan to make sure Americans save enough to retire.    I wanted to address a few issues in the rule.    There have been question about the extent to which your Department has sought input from the SEC and other regulators regarding the specifics of the proposal. Would you provide some details regarding these interactions and how the Department has gone about receiving input in crafting a proposal that marries well with securities law?    Mr. Polis. Thank you. And as you know, the proposal includes a significant exemption from the prohibited transaction rules for financial advisers who enter into a best-interest contract with customers. To use that exemption, the adviser needs to comply with significant disclosure requirements.    And my question is around the cost-benefit of the amount of disclosures and whether the disclosures actually provide an average investor with information that they can process and whether that additional burden is worth it.    And of course, we have heard from some advisers that the disclosures currently in the rule are so burdensome that they simply won't serve some of the middle-income investors.    So I was hoping you could address that kind of cost-benefit tradeoff around those disclosure retirements.    Mr. Polis. Would the consumer also have some basis to know whether those fees are high or low relative to the fees of others? Because I mean, they might not know in seeing the fee.    Mr. Polis. Along with that education question, in your last 30 seconds, there is a carve-out, as you know, for investment education in the rule. And I was hoping you could clarify about where that distinction is between advice and education.    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    Yield back.