    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Kellen, you mentioned that if the EPA leadership fails to act on management complaints that were investigated by the Office of the Inspector General, then that could undermine the IG reporting system.    This committee takes that very seriously. We have had a couple of hearings in which Arthur Elkins, the inspector general for the EPA, has testified and talked about the impediments that they've faced in investigations, I think some specifically to what is being discussed here today.    Can you elaborate on this concern from your perspective?    Mr. Palmer. Are there other examples that you might cite?    Mr. Palmer. One other thing that troubles me about the culture at the EPA involves the title 42 appointments by EPA. And they allow the EPA to pay well above the normal title 5 levels, with salaries reaching $200,000, $300,000. That is supposed to be used to hire temporary consultants.    Why does the EPA use this authority to hire managers when it is intended to attract top-quality scientists and engineers?    Mr. Palmer. And those people are protected?    Mr. Palmer. Okay.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. McCarthy, Arthur A. Elkins, the inspector general for the EPA, testified a number of times about their frustration with cooperation from the EPA. As a matter of fact, he talked about how the EPA had inappropriately blocked his office from conducting some investigations that involved employee misconduct. He testified to this in September 2014 and, in that testimony, advised the committee that the EPA had asserted that there was a category of activity defined as intelligence, to which the OIG may have access only subject to the EPA's granting permission. He further stated that, in some cases, the EPA's obstruction had interfered with and, in some cases, fouled the investigations.    There's other testimony by Patrick Sullivan from the OIG's office where he talked about other inappropriate activity taking place at the EPA in which the EPA employees in the Office of Homeland Security had been interviewing EPA employees and telling them not to tell the OIG, pulling EPA employees' emails and phone records, and searching information on employees' computers, among other things. And he said those, in fact, are investigations, and that is what they are doing. And the point is that the Office of Homeland Security does not have investigative authority.    Now, this has gone on now for some time. In April, Mr. Elkins testified again and pointed out that the EPA confirmed to the Office of Inspector General that it would share the information that they had been seeking, both with regard to previous matters and on an ongoing basis, and that the Agency had not yet shared that information.    Then, in June, apparently--and I do want to cite one other thing. There was a memorandum of understanding that the EPA entered into unilaterally with the FBI without informing the OIG that further impeded the OIG's ability to do their job.    And then, earlier, in June, you finally agreed to turn over the information. And you also informed the OIG's office that you had rescinded the memorandum of understanding.    Now, my question to you is, have you turned over all of the information from the investigations from the Office of Homeland Security?    Mr. Palmer. No, ma'am. This is a yes or no answer.    Mr. Palmer. You have rescinded the MOU?    Mr. Palmer. Well, you keep talking about not impeding the OIG's investigation, but that is not their opinion. In this April testimony, he said, in this particular case, the OIG's investigation was negatively impacted and delayed by the fact that these senior EPA officials did not notify the OIG about their knowledge of the underlying incidents.    And my question again: Have you turned over the information from these investigations to the Office of the Inspector General?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. I will simplify it for you.    Mr. Palmer. Reclaiming my time----    Mr. Palmer. I will simplify it for you. Let me make it simple.    Mr. Palmer. Have you turned over all of the information from the Office of Homeland Security to the OIG?    Mr. Palmer. The reason I am pressing this----    Mr. Palmer. The reason I am pressing this is, throughout this period of time----    Mr. Palmer. --you consistently offered to work with the OIG's office and did not do it. Okay? So I just want to know, are you going to do what you said you were going to do?    And I appreciate the fact that you rescinded the memorandum of understanding.    Mr. Palmer. But we would like to know definitively that you are turning over the information that the Office of Inspector General has requested. And, if you have not, when will it be done?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. We'll follow up on that later.    If the chairman will indulge me, I have one other question.    Five years ago, armed agents from the EPA conducted a raid on a city wastewater treatment facility in Dothan, Alabama. What I would like for you to do, Ms. McCarthy, is provide to this committee a copy of the threat assessment that justified armed agents in body armor conducting a raid on a municipal facility.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the additional time. Thank you.    Mr. Palmer. Okay. It is the city of Dothan, Alabama.    Mr. Palmer. Thank you very much.