    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Years ago I used to believe that the environmentalist community was being, how do you say, alarmist when it came to nuclear energy. And I have seen a lot of alarmism come out of the environmental community that has not been accurate, but let me just say that in the case of nuclear energy, as time has gone on, and more information has been available, I think the environmental community over the years has been on target on this issue. The fact is that nuclear energy, as we are now using it, is very dangerous, and as now there are--there's leftover waste to deal with with the way we produce nuclear energy today.    So that's a big concession for me. In the number of debates that I had with environmental activities, they were right about that. But we are capable of technologically meeting those challenges that were brought up. And--whether it's leftover waste, or whether it's a safer way of producing nuclear energy that wouldn't have the same type of dangers associated with our current plants, we can do that.    I especially want to acknowledge our friends at General Atomics, who have been in the forefront, and spent a lot of their own money over the years trying to develop a new and next generation of nuclear energy that is safe, and won't have the massive leftover waste problem for decades, if not centuries to come.    I--but the government has to play a role in this as well. If we're going to have the benefits of nuclear energy, and--because private companies can't make this jump on their own, but once that jump is made, our private companies will be able to then, on their own, to build these next generation of nuclear power plants.    So I would like to go on the record, absolutely, saying this idea of having an open access facility is perhaps the most important thing we can do to provide America's long term energy interests, because it doesn't mean that just General Atomics, or any other company that is investing in this, and looking down this road. It will be available to all of those approaches. And, after his facility is available, we will know which is the best one to go with, which is the best way to go.    So this is a--what is not a good use of our money, however, is something that is aimed at fusion, rather than fission. And we can do these fission reactors--with all due respect to the last witness, boy, now we know it's possible. We've spent I don't know how many billions of dollars to find that it's possible? No. After spending billions of dollars, we should actually be at a point where we can--not only is it possible, but we'll have it ready within two or three years, whatever that is. But we're nowhere near that with fusion. But we do know that if we focus on this next generation of fission reactors, especially modular fission reactors, we actually can do it, and do the job, rather than just know that it's possible.    Let me note that we have spent--I would like to ask my friend from General Atomics, the--in what--the actual configuration of the next generation of nuclear reactor that you're working on, the people in Japan were sold a bill of goods that what they were given was totally safe. And now what happens, we, you know, we've seen this catastrophe in Japan. Would the model you're working on, and perhaps the other models that people are working on, would that protect us from that type of situation they have in Japan?    Mr. Rohrabacher. If you'd indulge me one more question, Mr. Chairman? Would that be possible to retrofit some of our current----    Mr. Rohrabacher. So some of our current light water reactors----    Mr. Rohrabacher. --which have a lot longer life on them could be refitted with that material?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing. I think it's vitally important that we not write off nuclear energy as a potential source for energy. It's--as the witnesses have stated, it's clean. It will not--it--I don't believe in global warming, but I do believe in clean air, and this will go a long way to providing energy for the world, and for the people of the United States. Thank you very much.