    Mr. Goldman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Meadows and Ms. Jackson. It is wonderful that you are here to support this. I know Mr. Meadows has been here on a few of these hearings and we appreciate that.    I would like to just start before I go into my actually testimony, and all these hearings that I attend and some participate in I do keep hearing about the quiet diplomacy, and I always wonder, like, the questions that you ask, instead of deflecting them what is the real reason that they won't use the tools in the toolbox?    What is it? Just come clean. We don't believe in it. It is against what we stand for. I always thought it would just be against--they are more concerned about their bilateral relations than the 100 children in this country, the 200 children in this country--they are more worried about trade, they are more worried about arms, they are more worried about drug smuggling, border control in certain countries.    But why can't they just basically come clean and say what is the reason they won't use the tools in the tool box that they need, that they wanted? I just listened and we talk about Brazil.    They have acceded to the Hague Convention in 2004 and they are always on noncompliance. They just said nine times consecutively noncompliant. When is it time to use the tools? Does it take 9 years? Some child who is kidnapped at 9 is now an 18-year-old. They're a grownup. They are not a child anymore. That goes in complete contra Hague Convention, what it stands for.    Nine times and they are noncompliant and that does show that quiet diplomacy in that case doesn't work. And as you said, a 27-percent return rate from Germany, to me doesn't seem very successful.    But I diverged because those are just points that I just hear every time. So I was--I will give you a brief history of my case. For 5\1/2\ years I was a left-behind parent. I did live in a world of despondency and desperation with a searing pain through my entire being.    Everywhere I turned I saw an image of my abducted child. Sleep was hard to come by. It was never restful. If I smiled I did feel guilt.    When I saw children, whether it was in the store, a park, on television or on my charter boat, where clients often take their families for day on the water, it was more than painful.    For the longest time it was too painful to be around my own nieces and nephews. I was wondering--I wanted to be and where was my son. Where was my child?    He had been abducted. He had been illegally held. He was being psychologically, emotionally and mentally abused. I needed to help him but I was helpless. I needed to save him. He needed me, his father.    It was our legal, our moral, our God-given right to be together as parent and child. I did everything humanly possible leaving no stone unturned when for many years the result remained the same. My son, Sean, was not home.    There were court orders in place--many court orders from the U.S. demanding the immediate return of my child. The courts, as you pointed out, Mr. Chairman, acknowledged that my son had been held in violation of U.S. and international law.    However, he remained in the possession of his abductors. Why were so many laws being ignored? Why were the abductors and in my case, the Government of Brazil, allowed to flagrantly violate international law without consequence?    Why were my child and over 50 other American children still in Brazil, another plus in Mexico and thousands of other American children also held illegally in other countries in clear violation of the Hague Convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction?    It would take 4\1/2\ years, numerous court hearings, extraordinary work from my attorneys in Brazil and the U.S. and a tremendous amount of political pressure applied publically and internationally in House and Senate and State resolutions for me to finally be able to visit my abducted son for a few short periods of time.    It took Congressman Smith traveling to Brazil with me. It took Senator Lautenberg holding up a trade bill that would have given Brazil nearly $3 billion of trade preferences for my son to come home.    So as I prepared today's hearing, I began to review my own testimony from previous hearings as well as testimony of others who had given powerful and moving accounts of their own experiences with this issue.    In past, what was obvious was that our Government lacked the tools they so desperately needed to bring abducted American children home.    That is not the issue any longer. It has been over a year now since President Obama signed the Goldman Act into law, and thank you, Mr. Chairman, for authoring that legislation. It is much needed and I hope we can use it.    I hope our Government uses it. I beg, I plead on behalf of all these other left-behind parents and families and grandmas and cousins and nieces and nephews and the community that they were ripped away from that we use the tools to get these children home. It provides our Government with a number of options to persuade countries to return abducted American children.    One of our first duties of government is to protect its citizens and the Goldman Act does just that. We no longer need one senator. Important. We no longer need one senator to hold the trade bill in which 131 countries would see tariffs on their imports to the U.S. rise sharply and billions of dollars of their trade disrupted.    The Goldman Act is designed to work country to country--on a country to country basis and may impose punitive measures against individual nations harboring abducted American children.    And I go to the press release--there can be no safe havens for abductors. That was released yesterday by Secretary Kerry. Point in case--let's take action.    We need not--our Government needs not be so concerned about upsetting a country that harbors child abductions of American citizen children. We must demand their return. We are not asking for any favors.    We are expecting the rule of law to be followed and if it isn't then let them see there are tangible consequences. And when we do, and hopefully we will use some of these powerful tools, stronger tools, they are not permanent. They send the children home and whatever penalty, whatever punitive measures they face may be lifted.    It doesn't mean it's forever. But let's make a statement and if they get angry at us--how can we be concerned a country being angry at us for demanding our American children home? These are our citizens. It is our duty to protect them. We can't be concerned if they are going to get angry at us for demanding the return as they would their own.    It's intended to work side by side with the Hague Convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction, ensuring countries honor their treaty obligations, and this way the Goldman Act almost acts like a bodyguard to the treaty, protecting it and ensuring that it is followed as it was intended.    It took several years and several markups before becoming law and we now have the ability to help bring home this country's abducted children with both Hague signatory countries as well as non-Hague countries.    I would just quickly like to address the criminal approach. We talked about Department of Justice. And in my case as well as most cases, the first instincts are to pursue criminal remedies--go to the police, hunt down the abductors and hope for a return of the child through law enforcement. I understand and sympathize with that approach and that was in fact my first instinct.    But I do think that approach adds another layer of complexities to the process. What the Hague treaty does in simple terms is put a signatory country--it puts all signatory countries in agreement on how the issue of international child abduction should be resolved without complicating it on the basis of cultural and domestic laws.    Essentially, there are two extremely important issues that arise from criminal proceedings and demand from extraditions of child abductors.    Domestic courts will often refuse the return of an abducted child, knowing that the taking parent will face criminal prosecution by coming back to the country where the child was abducted from and many countries it is in their constitution--they just simply will not extradite one of their own citizens.    And even if they do extradite one of their own citizens, so you got the abductor back but the child is still over there.    It just adds a whole other layer of complexities and that is why the basis of the Hague Convention is on the civil aspects and that is why the tools of the Goldman Act are civil actions.    And as we also talked about, with regard to the Hague Convention itself, there are two areas which are most often abused by foreign judges when deciding these cases.    One is in Article 11 about the judicial administrative authorities shall expeditiously in proceedings so act expeditiously to return the children and if they don't reach that decision within 6 weeks of the date of commencement of the proceedings the applicant or the central authority of the requested state on its own initiative or if asked by the central authority of the requested state shall have the right to request a statement for the reasons of the delay.    So, clearly, the spirit of the convention is to have these cases handled swiftly so that there is little disruption as possible in the life of a child.    We all know that is not what happens. Most of the time when Americans are abducted because of the endless legal delays resulting from motions filed by the abducting parents the convention's intent is thwarted and the spirit of the convention is lost.    And, as an example, they use Article 13(b) about you don't have to return a child if the court where the child was abducted says there is going to be grave risk or harm to return the child.    So what they do is they interpret these legal delays and proceedings as the grounds for denying the return of a child based on the assumption that the passage of time somehow eliminates the urgency of returning that child to their home country of habitual residence. Because of their own slow judicial process they say it is now going to disrupt the abduct child to return them, thus rewarding the kidnapper.    As Congressman Smith mentioned, that case in Brazil, which is going on right now, they actually denied Chris Brann's--Dr. Brann, who I take a side note, is a internist. He works at Baylor University in Texas.    He dedicated his life to helping others yet he can't help his own child. He can't nurture and help and be with his own child.    Someone whose calling in life is to help heal, he can't even participate in his own child's life and the pain he is experiencing as well as all the other parents is just tremendous and devastating there really are no true words to imagine the level of despair that these parents suffer every day.    But they--in this case the judge cited, in Chris' case, the denial of my son because of the passage of time and the well settled issue. They denied the return of his son, citing my case. I was floored when I realized that, when I read that.    This judge that decided his case must have never read the news, seen the television or looked at a legal precedence because my son is home and he's been home for nearly 6 years. So for her to cite that case is just showing that they are looking at any reason to not return children.    Another example in Brazil, and this is about the enforcement issue, so now we have one judge just denying the return in a blatant disregard for the law. Another case is Nadia Davenport.    It's been more than 7 years since Devon Davenport's baby daughter was abducted from North Carolina to Brazil and he has fought admirably to bring his daughter home and he has even testified before this same committee last year making an impassioned plea for help.    The Brazilian court has ordered his daughter, Nadia, home and all legitimate appeals have been exhausted. Yet, nearly 2 years have passed since that decision without enforcement of the return and Nadia remains in Brazil illegally and Devon Davenport is not closer to being with his child.    So we have a country noncompliant for nine times. When they do get a judicial order it doesn't get carried out if they do get a judicial order.    There is no country that's screams, that is a member of the Hague for this long, to try your quiet diplomacy, to use the tools and these parents, like so many others, suffer so much. It is beyond words to describe and I know because I was one of them. I did feel like a dead man walking--lifeless, struggling day to day to get through the most meaningless tasks.    I am now so fortunate to be on the other side, having been reunited with my son, and to my knowledge, to answer a couple of your questions, Sean--my son, Sean Goldman--is the only American child ever to be returned from Brazil to America under a court order under the provisions of the Hague Convention.    So you asked the question. That's the answer. My son is the only child ever to be returned from Brazil to America under provisions of a court order under the Hague Convention and they have been acceded to the treaty since 2004.    We are lucky. We can't recover the years we have lost but we can enjoy our time now. We can live as parent and child. I can watch him grow and evolve and become a young adult.    We can interact with each other, participating, educating, encouraging and disciplining as a parent should be able to do with their own child. And so many other left-behind parents were given hope and, painfully, celebrated my son's return without their own children at their side.    And please don't allow their hope to be a cruel and anguishing false hope that their children may one day come home. Accompanying me to this hearing today are my son and stepson, Sean, and his stepbrother, Jesse. They are brothers and good buddies, and Sean can grow up as a normal boy with family and friends like it was intended.    I was able to assume my role as his father and he as my son. It is our legal and God-given right to be father and son. And next to me is Captain Paul Toland. The empty chair behind him awaits for his abducted daughter, Erika.    It is this government's duty to protect its citizens, to protect the rights of Erika and allow her to come home to America and grow up on the care of her father, her only living parent.    The tools are in place. Please use them. Help Paul reunite with Erika. Please help these suffering mothers and fathers reunite with their abducted American children. Our country is about keeping families together and they desperately need your help.    Paul needs your help. We have the tools. Let's use them.    Mr. Goldman. I am still wondering where is that disconnect. Why doesn't the State Department come out and say why they don't want to use these tools.    I have yet to hear a legitimate reason, just sort of deflections. Secretary Bond, she was an advocate in my son's return. She spoke adamantly on national television.    She's got the tools. She knows--they all know what it takes. They do have their hearts in the right places. They do work long hard hours.    But they have this right at their fingertips, which can make a difference, and if used against the worst offenders it'll send a message to the other countries.    And they are not permanent tools. Once they are invoked they can be--you send the kids home, that penalty is removed. But knowing that it's there and knowing we will use it will make all the difference in the world.    And I still am wondering--I don't hear an answer why after 9 years and only one child ever to be returned under provisions of the Hague Convention by way of court order they don't want to open up every tool, every--and use every tool in their tool box to get the kids out of Brazil specifically and also India, Japan--these countries that aren't Hague countries can use the same tools, and that is one of the questions that I still have never heard an answer from.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I know you have----