    Mr. Hanson. Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing. I am speaking on behalf of the Academy of Model Aeronautics, the world's largest organization representing more than 180,000 members who fly small, unmanned aircraft systems, or model aircraft, as we call them, for recreational and educational purposes.    For nearly 80 years, AMA has been dedicated to promoting and preserving the hobby of flying model aircraft, while ensuring our members adhere to a strict set of community-based safety guidelines. Our National Model Aircraft Safety Code has been recognized by Congress and State legislatures as a safe and effective means of managing hobbyists. These guidelines have evolved to accommodate new technologies, new modeling disciplines, and, most recently, address the personal use of small UAS. Our membership is a cross-section of America. It is a diverse community of youth and adults that range from the ages of 6 to 96.    As you know, there is an unprecedented growth in the industry. According to the Consumer Electronics Association, sales in the U.S. this year will reach 700,000 units. The growth of the technology and the supporting industry is exciting, and is beneficial to our economy and to our society. But, as with any emerging technology, there are policy considerations, such as balancing safety, sustaining industry growth, and capturing the public benefits.    Before I touch on these points, I want to take a step back and discuss the current landscape. We have been very concerned about recent headlines that portray drones as clogging U.S. airspace, snarling air traffic, and giving the FAA fits. That is why the AMA closely analyzed the 764 records of drone sightings released by the FAA this summer. Our analysis reveals a more complex picture than headlines would suggest.    Indisputably, there are some records of near misses that represent actual safety concerns. And more needs to be done to address those. But we found that the number of near misses appears to be in the dozens, not in the hundreds, based on explicit notations in the FAA records.    So, the most serious incidents include two actual crashes involving Government-authorized military drones. There are also sightings of public entities and commercial operators that may be flying with or without authorization. And the most recent sighting or incident where the FAA has assessed a fine to a commercial operator indicates that the operations occurring in our airspace go well beyond hobbyist activity. And others may not even be drones, but rather, balloons, birds, model rockets, and mini blimps.    There is some useful information in the FAA's data set, but this data is only helpful if the FAA, the media, and others take the time to analyze and accurately categorize it. AMA has worked closely with the FAA for many years, and we are committed to a continued partnership to promote model aircraft and consumer drone safety. And while the FAA needs to do a better job of presenting the data, AMA has several recommendations to ensure the safety of our Nation's airspace.    One of the most immediate and helpful things the FAA can do to increase safety is to finalize and implement the small UAS rules. As they are currently written, the proposed rule will enhance safety by requiring everyone who wants to fly to either participate in the safety programming of a community-based organization like AMA, or follow new FAA rules for operators for commercial purposes. Once implemented, the new rules will help provide oversight and education for the UAS operators.    At the same time, the FAA should step up enforcement as they have currently demonstrated, and work more closely with local law enforcement to pursue bad actors. There are existing Federal prohibitions against careless and reckless operations, and many jurisdictions have criminal laws in place.    In addition, promoting safety through education is another important step we can all take. AMA members know where and where not to fly, and do so safely and responsibly. Unfortunately, many newcomers to UAS may not be aware of these safety considerations.    That is why the AMA, in partnership with the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International and the FAA, launched the Know Before You Fly campaign during the last holiday season. Unmanned aircraft systems are going to be a reality within our communities, and it is a community approach that is going to best address that. This new campaign works to put important safety information and flying tips in the hands of the newcomers. Many organizations from the manned and unmanned communities have joined the campaign, including the Air Line Pilots Association that is here with us today.    Finally, it has been suggested that technology itself can be the solution. And, to the industry's credit, many of the leading companies that manufacture UAS for both commercial and recreational purposes have developed and implemented technologies that address some of the concerns. While technology can be a useful tool for situational awareness, it is no substitute for education.    In the aviation world, there is a longstanding tradition of putting the responsibility for safety in the hands of the pilot and the person operating the aircraft.    I thank you again for this opportunity to participate, and I look forward to answering any questions you might have.    Mr. Hanson. Thank you.    Mr. Hanson. Well, I believe our members understand that registration at some level certainly makes sense. And I think it needs to be understood that there is a broad spectrum of platforms that are being called drones.    Mr. Hanson. And the vast majority--I am going to guess somewhere around two-thirds--of the numbers that we have been hearing today are really what we would put in the toy category.    Mr. Hanson. They have a very short lifespan, and they have limited ability to accommodate the type of technology that we are talking about. So, as long as we are identifying the proper threshold where registration starts to make sense, I think they would be very acceptant of that.    It is also important to know that they are used to a similar type of process within our community. Every member is required to put their AMA number or their name and address within their aircraft. That is for a number of reasons. Hopefully, if it gets lost, we are hoping somebody will return it to us. But, beyond that, it also helps identify the owner-operator for accountability purposes.    Mr. Hanson. I think the significant differentiation between our community and this newer community of users is the approach that we take to the hobby. I mean people get into this hobby, at least traditionally, because of their interest in aviation and their interest in learning how to build, fly, and operate their aircraft.    The newer communities are attracted more by the technology and the functionality of the aircraft, something it can do, such as taking pictures. In some cases it is not different from the smart phone. I mean they look at it as just an extension of your camera.    So we have a different mindset within this community, but, in our opinion, it does all boil down to an educational process that, as long as they understand the means by which they can operate safely and responsibly, we believe that the American citizen will do that. Not to say there aren't those individuals out there that would deliberately act irresponsibly, but until we can assuredly say that the consumer has that information in hand, it is a little hard to assess the mentality and the deliberate acts of the others.    Mr. Hanson. No, ma'am. AMA does not collect that data. We use FAA's list of pilot-reported and individually reported sightings of unmanned aircraft. And I think it is important to note that they didn't classify all of those as being what is termed ``near misses,'' or ``near midair collision.'' They were termed a very subjective term, as being ``close calls.'' And, again, that is subjective and undefined. And, to my knowledge, the FAA currently does not have a defined definition or a definitive definition of a near miss of a manned aircraft with an unmanned aircraft.    So what we did in our analysis was to go strictly to the language in the sighting itself, and only pull out those ones, or looked at those ones where the person reporting the sighting, in their determination, called it either a near miss or indicated they had to take some type of evasive action.    Quite honestly, there is a large number of the sightings in there that couldn't even be termed a ``near encounter'' of any kind, because it wasn't even identified clearly as being an aircraft.    Mr. Hanson. Well, if we are talking about a near miss between an unmanned aircraft and a manned aircraft, I believe that, before you create that definition, you will need to do some analysis of the environment that they operate in, and the types of vehicles that we are talking about.    As the captain cited, we are talking about very slow moving, very small objects, that, when seen from the cockpit, it is very difficult to give it any type of relative value, in terms of size, speed, and even its intentions, in terms of where it is going to fly. So I think there needs to be some study done in terms of what actually would constitute a near miss, and that is probably more from the perspective of the pilot, in terms of when and where and how he would be able to identify that object and to appropriately take action to make sure there is not any type of airspace conflict.    Mr. Hanson. I think we take a little different approach to it. I mean we consider all airspace shared airspace. I mean the FAA claims their authority down to within 1 inch of the ground. So we instruct our pilots, and our educational program is based upon the fact that you--there is always the possibility of encountering a manned aircraft in that airspace. And we are to take every step necessary to not interfere with manned----    Mr. Hanson. Sure. And as we talk about flying in closer proximity to an airport, then we have other procedures that we put in place. But the primary safety tenets is to not interfere and to see and avoid at all times, and we have a very instructional document that talks about how a model aircraft operator should see and avoid.    And to the credit to the model aircraft community, there have not been significant airspace conflicts between true model aircraft and----    Mr. Hanson. Well, I think it goes to the point that not all airports are created equal. We have a lot of very rural airports that have low traffic counts that are in communities where they are welcome to operate. We actually have clubs that are collocated on airports.    Mr. Hanson. And they have--coordinating procedures allowing them to operate----    Mr. Hanson. Well, there is no doubt there are locations where these types of devices shouldn't be flown.    Mr. Hanson. It is not as easy an answer to say that you can't fly C, B----    Mr. Hanson. Well, it has been a long time since I have been called little, but the devil, I think, is always in the details.    Mr. Hanson. I think the devil is always in the details. And, as the captain pointed out, at some airports 2 miles certainly might not be far enough. Other airports, it may be adequate or may be even too far.    I mean, if you were a homeowner within that distance, and you want to buy your--in my case--grandson one of these toys that can be flown in the backyard, I would hate to see him subject to a 1-year-in-jail penalty for flying it in his backyard. So I, like the captain, would be very interested in seeing the language of the proposed bill, and having an opportunity to comment on it.    Mr. Hanson. I believe that the community-based approach has proven, for decades, to be an effective way of handling at least the model aircraft/hobby environment, and I would look to that to continue keeping this operation----    Mr. Hanson. Well, currently, within our membership we--a lot, if not the majority, of our education is done at the local club level, with the club--the local people come together and gather in a club and share information.    In terms of the broader membership, we do that through our mainstay magazine, through our online presence. And then, in terms of the uneducated consumer, we are doing that through the Know Before You Fly campaign.    Mr. Hanson. Well, I think intentional acts need to be dealt with, and I think there are existing laws and sanctions that could be put in place to do that.    The naive, or the uneducated community is one that we really need to focus on, because we firmly believe--and our experience shows us--that the users, if good-natured and conscientious individuals, they just need the proper information.