    Dr. Cabrera. Thank you so much, Chairwoman Comstock and Ranking Member Lipinski. Thank you, Chairman Smith, for delaying that departure and holding this very important hearing.    I bring to you the views and feedback from dozens of researchers at George Mason University. Just to set it in context, we are the largest public university in Virginia, and we are the newest and youngest member of that Carnegie tier I group of highest research universities in the country. We conduct research in areas from cybersecurity and computational sciences to proteomics, economics, criminology, psychology and many other areas, and we, like all of our peers in the group of research universities, are a great example of how that research translates not only into new cures and solutions but also into new organizations and enterprises that are driving innovation in our region and in our Nation.    Now, Chairwoman Comstock, you and some of your staff have toured our Institute of Biomedical Innovation, and we really appreciate that visit. You were able to talk with some of those conducting the research and see firsthand how research advances education, leads to jobs and to improved lives, and you saw a glimpse of that wonderful research that happens in our institution and in many others. I would be remiss, Mr. Lipinski, if I did not extend the opportunity for you and your staff to visit at your convenience and to show you what we do.    Now, it doesn't escape you that to do our work as a public university, we rely on state investments and appropriations. We rely also on private contributions and research grants, and very importantly, we depend on student tuition. As the investment from state has declined, the pressure on student tuition is creating real issues of access. The issues of regulatory efficiency and the costs that they generate at the end of the day impact students and impact the social issues around access to higher education.    Now, let me provide some specifics on the areas that the GAO report highlighted. Many of our researchers do receive awards from more than one agency. This means that they have to spend an inordinate amount of time identifying and responding to different requirements regarding proposal submissions, conflict-of-interest purchasing, subrecipient monitoring, reporting and closeout. This problem is compounded by the fact that the success rate of awards in many agencies is getting lower while the time and cost of applying is getting higher. This paradox is discouraging faculty, many of whom balance teaching, mentoring, and research loads from pursuing more research opportunities.    In terms of export controls, the Academies report correctly points out that universities including Mason continue to be concerned about efforts by the State Department to modify the definition of fundamental research in ITAR. If the result is a restricted definition of fundamental research, that may cause real problems in terms of driving innovation and bringing about the resources from around the world that sometimes are necessary to drive that innovation.    We have a great example of innovation in regulation with effort reporting. In 2011, Mason was the first of four pilot schools to participate in a payroll certification pilot under the auspices of the Federal Demonstration Partnership, and effort reporting is often cited as one of the most burdensome administrative requirements for researchers. Effort incurred across multiple activities is difficult to measure and track, and administration is very inefficient and costly.    With payroll certification, we aim to improve the efficiency and at the same time not diminish the accountability. The result of that pilot at Mason was a reduction in 85 percent in the reports produced without any negative and adverse impact in the supervision in accountability. That's a great example of how we can have smarter processes that really reduce the cost.    Finally, the Academies report calls for Congress to create a Research Policy Board, and there are many other recommendations that we endorse and support. To some extent, Madam Chair, your bill 1119, which passed the House, and your bill, Ranking Member Lipinski, implement what the National Academies is recommending, and we are grateful to both of you. Your bills will allow for broader discussion of that monster that lurks behind every rule, the law of unintended consequences. By providing a pause button or the ability to raise a red flag and means for redress and revisiting existing rules, you have done a tremendous service to the research enterprise and the Nation's future innovation.    Thank you so much.    Dr. Cabrera. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, and yes, indeed, it makes it very difficult. In fact, if you look at that cluster of 115 universities in that tier I Carnegie classification, you won't see much change from time to time. It tends to be a pretty big barrier of entry for universities that are growing like ours that are really building a research infrastructure. Our estimate is that we spend about $16 million annually to provide administrative support to our PIs to help comply with research regulations. Our estimate is that we don't recover about $2 million of that, which by the way if you compare the size of our research enterprise with Duke's, I think our ratios are require similar, and which actually seems to highlight that there doesn't seem to be much economies of scale, even as your research enterprise and looks like the burden continues to grow proportionately. So I think it does create a big barrier, not just for a big college, not just for existing large research enterprises, but for emerging ones like George Mason.    Chairwoman Comstock. Could you all estimate maybe in your individual institutions, so you have $60 million for the cost, if it was streamlined like the pilot that you did, what kind of savings do you estimate you would see? And then, of course, how would that be plowed back into the research? And then the others too, if you might address that?    Dr. Cabrera. Well, the pilot that we conducted, you can consider that it's in a relatively smaller side of the many aspects of regulation that we deal with, but our estimates that might reduce--just by that simple change, we may be saving north of $50,000 a year. So what this indicates is not just the amount of this. If you expand that kind of thinking to all the areas of regulation, those numbers very quickly add up.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. Mr. Luther?    Dr. Cabrera. No, just to emphasize--and I think the way you articulated question, I couldn't agree more with that preamble and since I don't think none of the recommendations from these reports question the importance of good regulation, of good accountability, and no one is, I guess, advocating for weak accountability. On the contrary, I think the words that even both of your bills use, you know, harmonize, streamline, eliminate duplication, improving coordination, those are the right directions to take in all these efforts and that can only be done with these coordinating bodies like the ones that your bill endorses.    Dr. Cabrera. Sure. Dr. Luchini, by the way, is one of those thousands of bright scientists from outside of the United States that every year choose to come and join our universities because this is where the tools and the environments that they think were they can have the biggest impact, and her recognition indeed was not just as a top scientist but as a top young scientist, and this is very important because I believe when I talk to our faculty, it is young scientists that suffer the burden of these regulations more directly and more personally. I'm guessing that people like Dr. Petricoin and well-seasoned scientists have somehow developed their own survival routines, on how to deal with all these things, and they figure out a way to do it.    My concern is that the younger scientists may see this as yet another unsurmountable barrier to do what they want to do, which is to spend time in the lab trying to explore how to best test people for Lyme disease or how to come up with a new personalized treatment for cancer. So just like I mentioned earlier that I believe that this complex regulatory machinery creates a burden for young universities that are building the research infrastructure at a more micro level, it does the same for younger researchers.    Chairwoman Comstock. No, that's great, and seeing how she inspires the students too and to get to capture their imagination and stay in working in this, I think we need bring the Uber economy to the scientific research, right? Get a little bit more flexibility.    Okay. We wanted to cover some of the things that others who aren't here might have covered.    Dr. Faulkner, the centerpiece of the Academies report is the creation of a self-funded Research Policy Board to include members of both the research community and government agencies. Did the study committee have any concerns that it would be just another layer of bureaucracy? Because as we come in and look at these things, that's what I'm trying to figure out, you know, what is the ideal picture of a day in the life of these researchers and how we're going to provide accountability without interrupting the important work? So as we come up with these solutions, how can we make sure we're not adding more bureaucracy instead of peeling it back?    Dr. Cabrera. Just to add to that, I mean, the possibilities that are created by new technologies are simply phenomenal in terms of access to data and immediacy of that data, not having to wait the number of months and sometimes years that a traditional publication cycle would enforce. The key and I think some of the biggest debates we're having in scientific communities is how to balance that desire for immediacy in access with the power of the peer-review process, which is really one of the central pillars of the scientific enterprise and not lose that because that's one of the most important sort of research quality control processes that we've developed throughout the years.    Chairwoman Comstock. Great. Thank you. And I will yield to Mr. Lipinski.    Dr. Cabrera. If any--the only thing, I think it's been said, but I just wanted to emphasize the tremendous amount of consensus and agreement that the NAS report has generated, so this is not just an isolated point of view. I think it really reflects the point of view of the research universities of this country.