    Mr. Kornze. Mara and Beckett are right over there.    Mr. Kornze. Thank you very much, Chairman, Ranking Member, members of the Committee.    I think as you know, the Bureau of Land Management manages 13 percent of the Nation's lands and about a third of its minerals and soils. We manage these lands under the dual framework of multiple use and sustainable yield, which is a mandate from Congress, which hits its 40th anniversary this year.    Our professionals throughout the country, but particularly in the West, have very hard choices to make every day, and they work diligently to make sure that the public has a serious role and voice in the work that we do. We are proud to play a major role in the Nation's economy supporting oil and gas development, all kinds of recreation, ranching, hunting and fishing, helium production, forest management, wildland firefighting. We even have weather stations, and we work with reindeer herders in Alaska. We do a little bit of everything.    The Agency in total helped support more than 450,000 jobs last year. Additionally, we are one of only a handful of agencies in the entire government that brings back more revenue than we receive in appropriations. In fact, for every dollar that you provide to us, we return about five.    Now, I want to highlight a few areas from our budget, and I will move quickly through these, but I will start with greater Sage-grouse. This one is for you, Mark. Mr. Kornze. The BLM has made great strides in the past year helping to lead a West-wide effort with governors from 11 States to strengthen management of Sage-grouse habitat and avoid the need for listing by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. But our work is far from done. The President's budget asks for a $14 million increase over the $60 million that you were very kind and gracious to support us with last year. We very much appreciate it.    We are expanding our BLM conservation efforts partially through the work on a national seed strategy. And the basic idea there is, getting the right seed to the right place at the right time. Too often we have situations where maybe in Burley, Idaho they need to restore some lands, but they're sourcing seed from eastern Montana or northern Washington State. We need to have more seed growers, more diversity than what we're offering so that we can come back and come back stronger. Collectively, with these requests, the BLM's resources dedicated to Sage-grouse conservation will total $79 million in Fiscal Year 2017, and represent a critical investment in Western communities and Western values.    Now, on the energy front, the Oil and Gas Program at the BLM is performing very well. Industry currently has nearly 4 years' worth of permits in their hands that they could use today. Many people will tell you that there's efforts afoot to slow down oil and gas development in this country on behalf of agencies like the one that I have the privilege to lead. But we have 4 years of permits that we've been working very hard on. The backlog is coming down. The front log is growing. We put 4 million acres of lands available out for lease last year. Industry picked upon only 15 percent of those lands.    Now, at the same time we have a great responsibility to ensure that these oil and gas operations are carried out responsibly. There's a proposal this year as it was last year in the budget ask for permanent support for an inspection program. We have about 160 inspectors in this Nation. We need, about 220. Having the type of support for a permanent program would be essential to achieving many of the goals, not just in inspection, but around our larger oil and gas program. I was in front of the authorizers yesterday and had a good discussion about this issue, and I appreciate your support and hope that we can get this done this year.    National Conservation Lands are another highlight of our budget, and I do want to thank you for the $5 million increase that you put into last year's budget. These are lands in the Nation that people are very excited about. So over the last 20 years or so, the BLM has been the face of conservation in terms of action that Congress has taken and action that the President has taken.    We have nearly 900 conservation units across the country. These are places where visitation is heavy. People are excited to go there. They are excited to have them near their communities, and it's we think part of the best of what we have as a Nation, so we appreciate your support for that program. And this year we're asking for $50 million in support, which really is for the basics.    We want to have an assigned manager, a full-time staff for each of the major units, National Conservation Areas and National Monuments. That's step one in addition to all the other responsibilities we have in these areas.    Wild Horses and Burros is another hot topic for us and very important for us to figure out the right next steps. In short, we have the recommended total population around the West which should be just under 30,000 horses. We have about 60,000 horses on the range today, and we have another 50,000 horses that we have removed and are in pastures or corrals.    Now, when those horses get removed, we spend up to $50,000 on that horse over the course of its lifetime. I think there are some opportunities for us to be creative, potentially looking at tax credits or other programs to incentivize adoption. But a specific proposal we have in this year's budget is in relation to our productive relationship with the Border Patrol. I've actually been to the border, had two or three rangers come up on formerly wild horses and burros, and visited with those folks. And you can see the freeze brand. And we send about 30 horses to the Border Patrol each year.    But they cannot accept them as an Agency. The individual rangers have to adopt them in their personal capacity. And also, we are still, because of the way the Wild Horse and Burro Act is written, we have to go back and check on them. We have to second-guess the Border Patrol's management and care for those horses. We'd like to change that, so we have a proposal that we're looking for your concurrence in allowing us to convey directly horses to other Federal, State, and local agencies that have a need for workhorses, and would use them, you know, for those purposes.    So we're trying to take a small step forward, but look for other conversations. You know, we're also heavily engaged in research, looking at spay and neuter, looking at long-term birth control efforts.    Lastly, I'll mention two other legislative pieces. One is the BLM Foundation. Congressman Lowenthal and the ranking member were leaders in putting in legislation just a few days ago to make that a reality. And we appreciate that support very much, and we hope that we can gather some more support and get some momentum behind that legislation. I think we can make some important differences in some of the bigger programs that people care about within the Bureau of Land Management.    And I will tell you, yesterday at my hearing with the authorizers, I got a number of questions about land disposal. And we have had a proposal in the budget for a few years for a very poorly named act, the Federal Land Transaction Facilitation Act, or FLTFA. Basically what this does is allows us to take lands that are sold, capture that revenue partially for conservation inside the State where it's sold, but also to have a source of revenue to work on future land sales. So it's a win-win for all parties, and we would be very excited to see that reenacted and stood up within this year's Congress.    I appreciate your time. This committee has been wonderful to work with, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Kornze. We are working on a range of guidance. I believe we have 12 different guidance documents that you will see in the coming months. We are working closely with the Western Governors Association Sage-Grouse Task Force and others to make sure that we are getting the right eyes on and thoughts into those documents. So we will be moving aggressively over the next 3 months or so to make sure that those are all issued.    Mr. Kornze. We are absolutely working with the States. So in the case of the State of Nevada, the Congressman from my hometown is sitting to my left. The State of Nevada is working with the USGS to update their map. Mr. Coats, I think, is leading that effort. And so, we have received a sort of high-level version of that map, but we do not have the GIS layers yet. So we are using it to the degree that we can, but looking forward to the formal updated version.    Mr. Kornze. You bet. So the Challenge Cost Share, that really comes down to hard choices. Over the last 5 years or so, we have lost about 12 percent of our full-time equivalent positions in the Agency, so we are stretched. And part of that is because the Wild Horse and Burro budget has doubled in size, right? It is literally being eaten. We are spending more than $50 million a year on housing the horses that have been taken off the range, so that is why that is such an important issue to get our arms around.    In terms of Challenge Cost Share, it is very productive. When we can put money into that, it pays dividends. But at this point we have so many needs in terms of Sage-grouse, and improving our energy programs, and modernizing, really trying to take a leap forward with the Agency and bring it forward. And even, you know, sort of eclipse perhaps some of our partner agencies in getting information out there and emphasizing the ability to access the public lands. So that's on that one.    On venting and flaring, the core issue there is that, you know, we have more than hundred thousand oil and gas wells on public lands. Nearly 400 million dollars' worth of gas is wasted each year through venting, through flaring. So some States like North Dakota, Colorado, and Wyoming have started to step in to this space, and we have been working to have regulations that work with theirs and build on their strengths, and to make sure that we are sending this energy into a productive pathway. It is enough energy if harnessed to power 5 million different homes, so it is pretty significant, and we feel like it needs action.    There is a royalty provision in that regulation which would essentially take off the handcuffs of future secretaries, so it is unlikely that this Secretary would be able to use it. But currently we are locked at 12 and half percent as a ceiling by regulation, and so this would allow future Secretaries to look at current economic conditions and figure out if there is a reason to adjust up or down. Prior to 1988, the Secretary had the ability to do that, and there were often royalties on a sliding scale based on production.    Mr. Kornze. We have been in touch with Congressman Walden just this morning, and are working on the NEPA process to complete that action and set aside the money to work on the fence project.    Mr. Kornze. That is roughly accurate, yes. The Fish and Wildlife Service, we sat down with them and they had very broad visions of potentially withdrawing all lands from Sage-grouse. And we knew that probably was not a viable path forward, so we encouraged them to think on a refined basis. And they came forward with the focal areas that we have now.    Mr. Kornze. Focal areas, they do not impact grazing in terms of changed standards. What we are doing is in our grazing program we have a great need for support there because we have 18,000 permits nationwide. 6,000 of those are in backlog status, right? So what we have to do is we have to prioritize, and what our sage-grouse plans say is that the focal areas will get priority. That is essentially what it is.    Mr. Kornze. So similarly, we are looking at them as a tiered process, so you start in the focal areas. You head to the broader priority habitat, and then you go to the general. So a lot of what comes out of the Sage-grouse plans is that rather than looking at the landscape all the same, we now have a way to delineate priorities based on landscape.    Mr. Kornze. I do not think it will be. We have heard some concern from the cattle industry, and so one of the things you are going to see from us in a few months is we are going to have workshops in the western States where we are going to sit down with the grazing community and talk through exactly how this works. I think it is very workable and, frankly, we spent a great deal of time in the finalization steps of the plan making sure that the grazing piece in particular was going to work for western communities.    Mr. Kornze. I am not aware of that issue.    Mr. Kornze. I will be happy to look into that.    Mr. Kornze. And one note on the grazing issue. I appreciate the invitation for a broader conversation. I think part of what we struggle with is that, with the system having so many strains on it with a third of the permits being in backlog status. Part of that comes from the fact that the grazing fee goes 50 percent back to the county where it was raised, and 50 percent is range improvements. Zero dollars go to supporting the grazing program.    Mr. Kornze. So I think there are a lot of pieces that need to be examined.    Mr. Kornze. Absolutely.    Mr. Kornze. Thank you.    Mr. Kornze. So when folks adopt horses right now, they have to sign a contract with us that indicates their intention and commitment to not send that horse to be slaughtered or go into products related to that. So we could work out something similar with these agencies, or if Congress wanted to insert language that would make that a requirement, we would welcome it.    Mr. Kornze. Well, the proposal says that essentially if you are working with a trusted public agency and they are looking for a work animal, that we should be able to title that animal over.    Mr. Kornze. It is not in the current language, and we would be open to seeing that language.    Mr. Kornze. Well, I think it is an interesting issue, and I often explain to people there are three types of animals in this country. There is wildlife, which are regulated by governors. There are endangered and threatened species, which are regulated by the Fish and Wildlife Service. And then there are lot of horses and burros.    Mr. Kornze. Yeah. And then there are wild horses and burros, which land with the Bureau of Land Management. So I think it is an oddity that deserves to be looked at. Part of our effort with the language that we put forward this year is to see if we can eliminate the sense that working on wild horse and burro issues is a third rail of politics.    Mr. Kornze. I think there is a lot of commonality to be had between both sides of the aisle on this. So we welcome a conversation about the road ahead. I do not have that bill in front of me, so I cannot comment specifically.    Mr. Kornze. We need more partners, States, other organizations, because we are overwhelmed at this point.    Mr. Kornze. Well, I think monuments have an important place on the landscape. They have been hugely productive for a lot of communities, but it is important that those are done through a public conversation.    Mr. Kornze. I do not know. Absent direction from Congress, I am not sure what authority we would have in that space, so I would have to look into the details of what you are putting forward here.    Mr. Kornze. I am not aware of any situation in which it has been done otherwise.    Mr. Kornze. We would need to be talking about something specific.    Mr. Kornze. Well, I think you are referring to the Alton Coal Mine.    Mr. Kornze. And, yeah, this is a tough situation we have, you know. There are two serious hurdles to that project. One is the pause in the coal program for any project that does not currently have a record of decision unless you can fit it into various emergency categories. So that is one thing that we have discussed that can be looked at. The other is the fact that----    Mr. Kornze. The second one, which is as we work West-wide on Sage-grouse issues, you know, one of the key parts of the responsibility of the Bureau of Land Management is we have multiple use and sustained yield. Those are the two core tenets that this Congress asked us to manage on. And part of the sustained yield is related to renewable resources, which include wildlife habitat.    And so, you know, during the course of my lifetime, greater Sage-grouse populations have dropped 40 percent. And so, somewhere that suggests that the BLM and others have perhaps not maintained that renewable resource of wildlife habitat to the degree it should be.    And so, as we went through our planning process and worked with States to identify the best habitat, one of the places that Utah said was the best habitat is this site. And it does, in fact, have the southernmost lek in the United States. And so, as you identified, you know, I think this presents a very hard situation for us to work through.    Mr. Kornze. Okay.    Mr. Kornze. All right. So a range of questions. I will work through them quickly.    Mr. Kornze. Okay.    Mr. Kornze. Yes.    Mr. Kornze. So we asked the same question, and the Fish and Wildlife Service said we got our experts in the room, and this is the map that we came out with.    Mr. Kornze. That is right.    Mr. Kornze. So very quickly, and part of the mapping I think comes down to best available science.    Mr. Kornze. So we wanted the best available information. We are excited to be working with the State and USGS on getting I think the now third iteration of the Nevada maps.    Mr. Kornze. So and we are waiting for that to be peer reviewed, I understand is where it is at with the State of Nevada, which is why we only have a high level concept of what that map looks like right now.    The plans themselves are designed to have some flexibility in them, you know. So we have priority habitat. We have general habitat. But beyond that, there are pathways to development based on different criteria in the maps, including disturbance calculations. When it comes to, for instance, some of the issues that have been litigated in Nevada in White Plain County, you know, we have been able to work through the allowance in the plan to make certain steps possible.    And in terms of speed on amending the plans, Planning 2.0 is, you know, going to feel very obscure. We are looking to update our planning regulations. But BLM does not do anything without a plan underneath it, and those are taking way too long, and way too slow, and they are way too expensive.    So the concept here is we asked our team, we took some of our brightest people and put them in a room and said, figure out how to make this work better. And what they came back with was counterintuitive, but I think somewhat brilliant, which is they said, let us add a couple of extra steps into the process. They said, let us start by raising our hand and saying please bring your best information and your best science to the table so that we do not get surprised by somebody with information two-thirds of the way down the road and we have to start over, which happens a lot.    And the other piece is, you would have that information call. You would have your scoping meetings to talk about the big issues. Then before we get to a draft plan, usually we go away. People do not hear much from us between the scoping meetings and a draft. We would have a halfway step where we would put out a simple, let us say, a 20-page document with some meetings where we would describe what we are thinking about doing.    Mr. Kornze. You bet.    Mr. Kornze. Some of the research projects that we have stood up in the last few years are looking specifically at this. Spay and neuter is going to be very important. We do not have a drug right now that lasts more than 1 year, and we cannot touch all----    Mr. Kornze. Yeah, and that is why we have to look at that, right? So at some point maybe we have a drug that lasts for 5 years or is permanent. But right now we are going to have to look at spay and neuter in the short to medium term because it is really one of the only tools we have.    Mr. Kornze. It looks like we may be headed in that direction, you know, out of force of necessity.    Mr. Kornze. That is a great question, and I want to come back to you with an answer in terms of speed and cost.    Mr. Kornze. And let me mention quickly that, you know, as I look at the $50,000 per horse cost, I think there is room for creativity there, right? This is not the Ways and Means Committee, but I would imagine that someday I would hope Ways and Means or others would look at that and say maybe part of that $50,000 could be used to incentivize adoptions. And a fair amount of money, whatever is left over after you pay that incentive would be savings to the U.S. government.    It would be good for the rangeland. It would be good for the folks that are adopting the horses. So I think there is a----    Mr. Kornze. Thank you very much.