    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank both of you witnesses for being here.    The whole purpose of the HUBZone is to spread this type of help to small businesses across the entirety. And although I am happy that Puerto Rico is getting a great share of this, I am more concerned with the counties in my Mississippi area that need it the most. But by expanding, you are taking away from the folks who I have that need it. So what it sounds to me like is the whole purpose is to spread the wealth so that not one area gets all the help. But it sounds to me like when you do away with the 20 percent rule, what you have effectively done is decide you get to say who gets help and who does not get help. And that is not the purpose.    I am really concerned when Congress passes a law and they write in what they mean, that people interpret it that they do not think that is what Congress meant. And so you said that you have the numbers for other States and other areas that are affected, so Mr. Shoraka, I ask you, what is the effect in Mississippi in all four of my congressional districts, my first district and the other three districts in my State that need it the most?    Mr. KELLY. I wanted to say that Mark Takai, when I first got here--Mr. Chairman, thank you for having that moment of silence--when I first got here, he was a guy on the other side of the aisle from me, but we both have a common bond of serving in the National Guard; he in Hawaii and I in Mississippi. And one of the first things when I first got here as a new guy, he walked up to me and said aloha, and set up an office visit to take care of me, to make sure as a fellow battle buddy and guardsman and soldier that he took care of me. And what a gentleman. And I thank you for having that moment of silence, Mr. Chairman.    The statutory definition of qualified census track is no more than 20 percent of a single metro area can be designated as a HUBZone. My concern is, like I said earlier, is that it is going to take away from the areas with the most need. There is only X-amount of resources that are allocated. So if you allow more than 20 percent, if you expand that area and you put more resources into one area and there is only X-amount of resources, that, by definition, means that you have to take it away.    And one of the other things that I heard you say is that you did not think it was a big thing when Mr. Shear said you asked were there any other big things. And obviously, it is a big thing if you have a press conference. As a former DA, I did not hold a press conference when it was something that was small. I held press conferences for something that I deemed to be big. So the fact that you have a press conference, to me, by definition, says that it was big. And right after he asked you were there any other big changes, it was not responded to. I think we have to be very careful that we allow the Congress to pass things and not usurp Article 1 authority or any other article authority. And I think we are doing that right now to delegate.    Mr. Shoraka, do you not think that that is what you are doing, is designating these assets and resources that are limited to the areas that you think are most important?    Mr. KELLY. I am sorry, I have got 15 seconds and I want to get this thing in. Just the one thing I will caution you on, it is easier to serve urban areas because they are closer together, but the whole purpose of this is to serve rural areas, and it is harder and more expensive. So when you focus on one large urban area with a larger population, you leave out the people who need it the most, which are the rural areas.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.