    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Chairman Gowdy.    Director Rodriguez, I want to follow up on a point raised by Chairman Goodlatte in his questioning to you, and it's about your stated testimony that your top priority is to implement the President's executive action on immigration.    I know you're a former prosecutor. I am, as well. We both took an oath to defend the Constitution. I was one of the first folks who questioned the constitutionality of the President's actions in that regard. And while that certainly may not matter to you, I think what should matter to you is the opinion of a Federal judge, followed by the opinion of a Federal circuit court of appeals, which ruled that the constitutionality of the President's action still remains very much in doubt. And so for you to make, you know, what would appear to be a highly questionable, likely unconstitutional action of the President your highest priority is troubling for me.    This is especially true when there's very little doubt that it was the President's action in that regard, regarding executive amnesty, that was the catalyst for the 2014 surge of unaccompanied alien children across our southern border. And even though the courts have now issued an injunction on the President's amnesty, the belief in other countries that you can still simply show up here in the United States and be granted amnesty and legal status is very much a pervasive belief in those countries.    And, accordingly, we are, as you know, still seeing a continued rise in the influx of unaccompanied alien children. According to the Department of Health and Human Services, in just the past 2 months, the number of unaccompanied minors crossing into the United States is 10,000, in just the last 2 months. That's a spike in activity.    And I know this is a fact because HHS contacted my office to let me know that, as a result of this dramatic increase, they're going to have to open additional facilities to handle the influx. And two of those facilities are going to be in Texas and are going to open on Friday. And one of those facilities is going to open on Friday in my district, in Royse City, Texas.    So, to be clear, we certainly didn't advocate for this, and we didn't support the policies, which have been the catalyst for this crisis, but, nevertheless, we're left with dealing with the aftermath of the President's actions in this regard. And, as I hope you can appreciate, this is an issue of great concern to my constituents.    So I want to ask you, the inspector general report back in 2012 found that 25 percent of the Immigration Service officers were pressured to, in their opinion, get to ``yes'' in handling questionable applications.    And I know that you were not the Director back in 2012, but given that the President's executive amnesty has been put on hold by the courts but your stated priority remains administering the President's executive actions in that regard, what assurance can you give me--I hope that you can--that presently staffers aren't being asked to approve questionable applications as a way to implement the President's intended policies in this regard?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Mr. Chairman, it appears my time has expired, so I will yield back.