    Mr. Dixon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette----    Mr. Dixon. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss antibiotic resistance, a serious and growing global health threat. I am Dr. Dennis Dixon, and I serve as chief of the Bacteriology and Mycology Branch in the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.    The NIAID is the lead institute at the NIH for research on infectious diseases, including research on antibiotic resistance. NIAID's longstanding research efforts in this area aim to understand the molecular basis of antibiotic resistance, as well as to develop specific and sensitive diagnostics, vaccines to prevent infections, and to partner with pharmaceutical industry companies in the development of novel and improved treatments.    The recent detection in the U.S. of bacteria resistant to colistin, an antibiotic of last resort, reminds us of the urgent challenge of drug resistance and the need to address its underlying causes. Fortunately, this particular bacterial strain was treatable by other antibiotics. However, the threat remains that this type of resistance could emerge in other bacteria resistant to most antibiotics making them untreatable with currently available drugs.    Through our research mission, NIAID plays a critical role in the administration's national strategy and action plan on Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria or CARB. NIAID's antibiotic resistance research portfolio includes basic research on how bacteria develop resistance and cause disease; translational research to develop diagnostics, therapeutics, and vaccines; and clinical research to evaluate antibacterial products and strategies.    Additional funding provided by Congress in fiscal year 2016 for CARB have been instrumental to our efforts. NIAID-supported basic research provides the foundational knowledge essential for the development of vaccines to prevent antibiotic-resistant infections and therapeutics to treat them.    As part of the CARB initiative, NIAID supports genome sequencing for a national database of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. This database, developed by NIH in collaboration with FDA and CDC, will provide a comprehensive resource for surveillance, epidemiology, and basic research into the mechanisms of antibiotic resistance.    NIAID also facilitates product development by providing nonmonetary support to researchers, including genome sequences, access to clinical specimens, drug screening, and animal model testing. These resources provided much-needed support for the field and help to reduce the risk for product developers.    We also provide clinical trials capacity for evaluating new antibacterial products and strategies through our Antibacterial Resistance Leadership Group and other clinical trial networks for clinical research on antibiotic resistance. We are currently in the process of expanding this infrastructure.    NIAID is also pursuing the development of point-of-care diagnostic tests critical to determining which drugs will be effective against given infections and recently awarded funding for research projects that develop rapid, sensitive, and specific diagnostic tools.    NIAID is working to discover better treatments to treat antibiotic-resistant infections by screening new compounds and optimizing the use of existing drugs. NIAID recently awarded funding for research projects to develop nontraditional therapeutics for bacterial infections and funds clinical studies testing new formulations, dosing regimens, or combination therapies of currently licensed drugs such as colistin.    In summary, NIAID is committed to a robust and comprehensive research effort to address antibiotic resistance and is fostering collaborations with partners in academia, industry, and the Federal Government. NIAID will continue support promising research to develop and test new antibiotics as well as methods to prevent the further spread of antibiotic resistance.    Thank you for bringing attention to this important topic. I'd be pleased to answer any questions.    Mr. Dixon. Absolutely. Thank you for the question. And it is important not only to develop new drugs but to optimize the ones we have left. And in fact, we have a clinical trial underway with colistin because we don't know how long it will be before we run out of use of colistin. But knowing how to use it wisely----    Mr. Dixon . Will reduce the risk of emergence of resistance.    Mr. Dixon. So we have looked at how the body metabolizes colistin--in other words, the pharmacokinetics--to maximize the presence of drug in the blood and maximize the activity of the drug and minimize the emergence of resistance. And so we have completed a study there that helped to inform better dosing of colistin----    Mr. Dixon . And we're now looking at colistin alone versus colistin in combination with another drug for carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae, or CRE, and other resistant pathogens.    Mr. Dixon. And so----    Mr. Dixon. Thank you for the question. We appreciate the additional funding, and we're applying that to such key resources as the National Sequence Database that will inform the sequences and tracking genes like the MCR-1 and others; and diagnosis and going particularly after the problem of diagnostics, which could certainly help to reduce the overprescribing whether or not you have a bacterial infection or a viral infection; advancing basic translational and clinical research overall, fundamentally addresses the problems that can help to identify new candidate drugs, new candidate vaccines, and new candidate diagnostics. And to close up, just to say that we are contributing with BARDA the $20 million diagnostics prize to try and draw key manufacturers into the space.    Mr. Dixon. I think you do. It might be better of Dr. Bell, who followed that case and did the case study, could talk about the clinical workup of that individual.    Mr. Dixon. I understand the question. I'm not familiar with that particular example. It is entirely consistent, though, with our approach of looking at things other than traditional drugs, so we're looking at exploiting the host immunity a better way. We're exploiting things like bacteriophage. We're exploring things like microbiota using microbial ecology to outcompete and prevent infections and other alternative approaches that don't provoke the emergence of resistance.    Mr. Dixon. Absolutely.    Mr. Dixon. Absolutely. A lot of exciting things going on out there.