    Mr. Cook. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It was no problem yielding to Chairman Miller. It was a little bit disconcerting to see that when he was giving the definition of ``insanity'' he looked over at me. I don't want to read into it.    Anyway, my bill, H.R. 832, ensures that veterans are receiving effective and successful employment training services.    This bipartisan bill authorizes an independent organization to collect and analyze data on the effectiveness of the Department of Labor's Veterans' Employment Training Service. The study will focus on veterans who have received intensive services from two programs under VETS: the Disabled Veterans Outreach Program and the Local Veterans Employment Representatives Program.    Disabled Veterans Outreach Program specialists provide job training for veterans, with special emphasis on veterans with service-connected disabilities. These specialists help veterans to be competitive in the labor market. They focus on veterans who are economically or educationally disadvantaged, including homeless veterans and veterans with barriers to employment. Local veterans employment representatives conduct outreach to employers and focus on increasing and promoting the hiring of veterans.    The study will track the employment status of veterans who have received these services, determine if the program contributed toward their employment, monitor the employment retention rate, and determine if the services provided helped them increase their average earnings. A report on the findings will be presented to the Committee on Veterans Affairs in the House and Senate every year for the next 5 years.    Congress owes it to our veterans to provide them with the best employment services possible. Simply authorizing these programs isn't enough; we have to follow up and ensure they are working as intended. We saw at the VA what happens when the bureaucracy isn't subject to vigorous oversight. If we are going to authorize these programs to boost veteran employment, Congress has the duty to ensure that they are working.    You know, we have talked about this over and over again. Before I finish up, I do want to thank Congressman Costello and Congresswoman Titus for cosponsoring this bill.    The bottom line is that, with the military and veterans, we have a responsibility to take care of the troops. If a program is there to provide a certain function or mission, we have to make sure it is working; if not, get rid of it or change it. We owe that much to our veterans.    Thank you very much for letting me present this bill.    Mr. Cook. I didn't drop it.