    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Ms. Saldana, and thank you for sticking around after the votes. I just have a couple of random questions following up on things that you have said and things that other folks have asked you.    You mentioned earlier on today that apprehensions at the border are down and that this is good news. Were you aware that previously Ms. Napolitano had testified before Congress that apprehensions at the border were up and that this was good news?    Mr. Mulvaney. So it seems like it is good news if we are apprehending more and good news if we are apprehending less. Really, the number of apprehensions at the border isn't the measure, is it? It is the number of folks who actually are able to cross without being apprehended. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. So you come and you say, look, apprehensions are down. That is not determinative as to whether or not it is good news.    Mr. Mulvaney. No, ma'am, actually, because you could come in and say we didn't apprehend anybody, that is zero, and that is great news, and we would disagree with that.    Mr. Mulvaney. OK, so there is my question. How many folks are getting across without being apprehended?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you have any data as to whether or not that number is increasing, decreasing, staying the same?    Mr. Mulvaney. Sure.    Mr. Mulvaney. Sure. You have mentioned the number of folks who are apprehended at the border. I have suggested to you that that is not the measure of success of the program. The measure of success of what you are doing is the number of people who are crossing into the Country illegally, without being apprehended.    So my question to you is do you have any data as to whether or not that number is going up in the last couple of years, going down, or staying the same.    Mr. Mulvaney. OK. So you have no idea if it is working or not.    Mr. Mulvaney. No, ma'am, you don't, because you could come in here and say, look, we apprehended five times as many as we did last year, and that is evidence of us doing a great job; and that is what Ms. Napolitano said previously. Or you could come in and say what you said today, which is we only apprehended half as many as we did last year, and that is evidence of us doing a good job. And those things are nonsensical.    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Mulvaney. But you are talking about the other half of the equation, which is the number of people you are apprehending, not the people who don't get apprehended.    Let me ask you this. Has the definition of turned back south or deported, has that changed in recent history?    Mr. Mulvaney. So when you come in and you say that the number of people we turned back at the border has gone up or gone down, that definition of what you are using, I think the term is TBS, that definition has not changed in the last couple years?    Mr. Mulvaney. I guess the point I am getting at, when the President says that we deported more people than we ever have before, has the definition of what that means changed in the last couple of years?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. All right.    Let me followup on a couple different things. You said before that there were communities and local governments that were denying you access. Tell me about that.    Mr. Mulvaney. But they are denying you the ability to do that.    Mr. Mulvaney. Why?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you believe that you have--I am sorry to cut you off. Do you believe that you have the legal right to force them to comply with your requests?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would it surprise you if the Administration had taken a different position on that in the recent past?    Mr. Mulvaney. Would it help you if we clarified the law to make it clear that it was mandatory that those local communities cooperate with you?    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Ms. Saldana. I appreciate the opportunity.    Mr. Mulvaney . And I thank the gentleman.    We now recognize the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Duckworth, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentlelady.    We now recognize Mr. Russell, the gentleman from Oklahoma, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Russell.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentleman. I apologize for being a little quick with the gavel, but I will let the members know that votes have been called. We have 14 minutes left and two members in the queue, so we hope to move through and wrap up the meeting.    Recognize now for 5 minutes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank the gentleman.    We will recognize Mr. Buck for the final 5 minutes, and some more, if he wants it.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentleman and remind our members we have about 7 minutes remaining on vote, so for now I will recognize the ranking member for his closing comments.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the gentleman.    Ms. Saldana, on behalf of the committee, I thank you. Congratulations on your first hearing. My guess is part of it met your expectations and part of it was probably a little bit different than you expected. But we do appreciate your time. We especially appreciate you making yourself available so that all the members could ask questions. Too many members of the Administration will come in and limit their time, and we do appreciate you making yourself available, and it is very appreciated. So thank you very much.    We thank the witnesses and, if there is no further business, without objection, the committee stands adjourned.