    Mr. Browning. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings. My name is Matt Browning, and I'm here on behalf of the National Association of Industrial Bankers and the Utah Bankers Association.    Why are we here today? We are here today because the FDIC is not following its direction from Congress and is preventing the chartering of new banks.    Congress set forth the approval process for new banks in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. However, the FDIC has unilaterally adopted a no-growth policy of not allowing new bank charters and uses vague nondenial denials as a backdoor means to pursue this policy. In order to avoid the mandates of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, the FDIC simply avoids calling an application complete and, instead, asks endless open-ended questions and makes vague suggestions of needed changes in a prospective bank's plan.    I would like to share my own experiences with the committee that leads me to conclude the FDIC is blocking the formation of new banks.    In 2012, I led the effort on an application for a new bank's charter and Federal deposit insurance. We modeled our bank on the needs of our clients. It was very similar to the banks owned by our competitors. We were following a proven conservative model with a long history of exceptionally low risk.    Our introductory discussions with local FDIC and State regulatory officials went well. We were then surprised when FDIC's Washington, D.C., staff suggested that serving our client needs and demands for banking services was, in fact, not a sufficient reason to charter a bank. The staff began making vague demands for modifications that would make our bank markedly different and force us outside our areas of expertise.    FDIC officials never mentioned any deficiency in our plan relating to safety and soundness, no deficiency in our compliance, no deficiency in our capital. Our board, management, loan programs, and control systems were never criticized. By all objective measures, our plan met the requirements for approval under the long-articulated statutory requirements.    We were ready to make reasonable changes. But the FDIC imposed novel, unwritten, and unacknowledged standards on us, and these continued to evolve as we progressed.    After 18 months of ongoing discussions, after repeated plan revisions, after spending more than $800,000 in direct expenses and many thousands of hours, we concluded we were engaged in an exercise in futility. We abandoned the process without filing an application.    Sadly, I understand these outlays are modest compared to those of many other applicants who have received similar treatment.    Our plan could not proceed because it was impossible to truly understand the new arbitrary requirements of the FDIC. We experienced denial by attrition. We unwittingly played rope-a-dope with the FDIC, wasting a great deal of time and money in the process.    Earlier this year, Chairman Gruenberg stated, quote, ``The FDIC welcomes applications for deposit insurance, and we clearly have a role to play in facilitating the establishment of new institutions,'' end quote.    Sadly, the common perception among particular applicants is the FDIC's claim is mere posturing. The FDIC's many years of conduct directly contradict its public statements. The actions speak loudly and continue to affirm the widely held industry impression that agency staff in Washington is adversarial, uncooperative, evasive, and at times belligerent. This was certainly my experience, as it has been for many others.    Potential applicants will not commit the substantial time and money needed for an application until the FDIC has really seen to change its unilateral no-growth policy.    The FDIC should rightly have broad discretion on approving new banks; however, it does not have the discretion to arbitrarily shut down the formation of new banks altogether or to covertly use attrition to deny bank applications.    Policymaking should not be done in the dark. Regulators should not create policy without a clear understanding of the effect on the economy and should ensure alignment with Congress. The FDIC must not only tolerate but truly accommodate innovation within the banking sector. This accommodation must extend not only to new products and services in existing banks, but accommodation must also be made for new banks and new bank models designed to serve the evolving needs of American consumers and businesses.    Thank you, and I'm happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Browning. I am.    Mr. Browning. No, I don't think it's personal.    Mr. Browning. I believe the FDIC has yet to come out of crisis mode. I believe it's acting much more as an insurance company and less as a regulator governing safe and sound institutions. I think it is some lingering shell shock from the crisis and it is loath to accommodate new banks, which, historically, new banks are a bit riskier. But in terms of true risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund, it's de minimis. In terms of risk to the system, it's de minimis.    And, in my example, we came forward with $30 million in capital. Our business plan showed profitability at the end of year 1. And we were effectively stonewalled for an extended period of time.    Mr. Browning. Yes, sir.    Mr. Browning. Certainly. Congressman, thank you.    As we engaged in our process, we put forward a plan with great detail on our loan programs tapping into an existing client base. We brought $30 million in capital, showed profitability in our first year. We had an exceptionally stable low cost deposit base built into the program and a variety of other things. There were vague suggestions that our deposit program was inadequate even though we had ready available deposits well in excess of four to five times what the bank would need in its first 3 years of life.    There were additional suggestions of entering new lines of business such as SBA lending. And SBA lending is a great program, for sure, but it is not something we contemplated it with outside our expertise. We didn't have the infrastructure staff to originate such loans to service them, to sell them.    Mr. Browning. Not at all, sir. And so it was expanding infrastructure, expanding processes in ways that were outside of our core plan, outside of our profile, and to us, introduced increased risk and increased cost, and were certainly not part of the statutory requirements of chartering a new bank.    Mr. Browning. I certainly appreciate the intent of the chairman and believe that to be very genuine, but I think the reality is quite different. We went through many months of conversations with regional staff, and that went well, regional FDIC and State regulatory staff.    Mr. Browning. Once we engage in our prefiling meeting, that formal presentation the chairman referenced, things turned very differently from there forward. The process was taken from San Francisco, the regional office that had jurisdiction, taken back to Washington, and that's when very unusual questions, very novel criterion suggestions began to be made.    Mr. Browning. Congressman, I think that is an unanswerable question, unfortunately. We went through a very protracted process, spending a great deal of time and money. As I mentioned, we spent nearly a million dollars. We had $30 million in capital to put into the bank showing a plan that was profitable in year one, but we came to a conclusion that we could not actually achieve the end of the process.    If we saw a light at the end of the tunnel, we stood ready to make reasonable changes, but we felt like we were shadowboxing and could not get clarity on what was actually required and did not want to pour good money after bad----    Mr. Browning. Certainly the cost of the process, but perhaps, more importantly, the ambiguity and indeterminate process. There wasn't a clear----    Mr. Browning. Well, I certainly know the historical application of that, and it's spelled out in the statutory requirements within the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. And for our application, our community were clients, retail clients coast to coast, that needed basic banking services in conjunction with their brokerage accounts. This was a built-in customer base, and these are just mom-and-pop retail investors. That was our community. The new interpretations or new suggestions were unknown to us.    Mr. Browning. No. They did not give an explicit interpretation of what it was. What they suggested what it was not. They suggested that our existing customer base was not adequate, that serving consumer demand for banking services that we had a personal relationship with was not a sufficient justification to charter a bank.    Mr. Browning. I think those in the local community, and I would also look at some of the regional offices of FDIC who have experienced expert staff, on the ground, in the local real economies, that they have a very good grasp where I think it's much more difficult to regulate strictly from Washington, but certainly local business people enmeshed in the community are certainly the best testament to what those community needs are.    Mr. Browning. Well, thank you, Congressman. We engaged in a long series of conversations before our prefiling meeting. We held that prefiling meeting jointly with the San Francisco FDIC as well, as Washington, D.C., FDIC. From that prefiling meeting is when things got a little curious for us.    Mr. Browning. So we never actually formally filed an application, because we could never gain clarity on what was actually required to submit an application that would be deemed complete. We held a series of conversations for many, many months but could never gain that clarity.    Mr. Browning. Yes, Congressman. And the statutory requirements that have been longstanding are themselves clear and, I believe, adequate. What is different today, as Mr. Williams explained, the pendulum has swung, is the interpretation and application of those requirements and the authenticity that they're applied within certain segments of the FDIC.    Mr. Browning. Well, there is clear criteria on how to evaluate--on what basis to evaluate an application, and the FDIC's internal guidelines suggest that an application review process should be expeditious. Its track record, as the chairman has stated, is typically in the 3- to 6-month range. But it says only in unique or extenuating circumstances should it take longer and certainly no more than a year.    Mr. Browning. Yes, thank you, Congresswoman. This simply, without getting into the extremely complex mechanics of the Volcker rule, which I'm happy to follow up with you on, this came down to a business tradeoff. The business, Sterne Agee, had been around for a century. It had multiple avenues to pursue. It was pursuing actively a bank charter, and that was its primary focus, where it was going to dedicate substantial capital.    As we worked through the process, we felt we would never actually achieve the desired end result of gaining a deposit insurance and a bank charter. And, therefore, Sterne Agee made a business decision to halt that process, go into another line of business that involved the Volcker rule, and as a result of that, we could not pursue the bank charter any further. It basically foreclosed that option for Sterne Agee.    But it was a business decision predicated on the fact of our experience in the application process and the lack of clarity, what we deemed an inauthentic application of those statutory criteria, that we would never be successful. So decisions at the parent company were made to pursue another course that took them down a path engaging in Volcker rule activities.    Mr. Browning. So that is very different from the Volcker rule implications. But, Congresswoman, yes, you're correct. Using sweep deposits, these are deposits from Sterne Agee, they have retail one-on-one client relationships with these brokerage account holders, those deposits are swept into other banks today. Having that primary account relationship, we were to take a small portion of those deposits to sweep them into this bank.    All of those deposits are FDIC insured in other banks today. There were roughly four to five times the volume of deposits in that program that this bank needed, so we were planning to take a small portion of those deposits.    Mr. Browning. We could debate the technical aspects of the program we planned to use, which we've laid out in great detail to the FDIC, to show that these were actually dedicated deposit funds not used for other purposes. They were put into savings account deposit programs to be FDIC insured, and that there was a structure in which these were the last funds to ever be touched. And so it would be mathematically proven to actually be more stable than retail checking accounts.