    Ms. Harrelson. Okay, thank you, Chairman Kline, and members of the committee, for inviting me to join you today. My name is Cassie Harrelson and I am currently a math teacher on a special assignment working with special education teachers in Aurora public schools in Colorado.    In my role, I am in classrooms daily, collaborating with teachers to best support students with disabilities. My entire career in education has been spent working with students who are behind their peers on grade level academic standards.    I have also worked in diverse environments from Aspen, one of the State's top performing to Aurora, which will enter its fourth year of a priority improvement plan later this summer.    Students at my school district speak over a 130 different languages and our free and reduced lunch is at 71 percent.    Every child, regardless of family income, ethnicity, or home language deserves to attend a school with opportunity. This belief is what drives me daily. It is also why I am here today to speak on the promise of ESSA and not only for our students in Colorado, but across the Nation.    NCOB had its strengths, such as the use of disaggregated data to help problem-solve around closing achievement gaps, but it was a one-size-fits-all approach that did not work for my students.    The passage of ESSA last December offered a new promise, an explicit shift from the top-down NCOB style decision-making to bottom-up State and local control. Finally, educators closest to the students they teach would determine how to best help students succeed. ESSA offered flexibility at the local and State level and required engaging stakeholders to assess community assets and challenges to drive score improvement. We were also promised relief from NCOB's excessive focus on standardized testing that was not timely or meaningful to educators or students.    In order to ensure the appropriate intersection of local, State, and Federal policy that is best for our students, all stakeholders must be engaged, including educators, students, parents, and community members.    As strong as I feel the legislation is about giving local leaders back their voice and the accountability process, I am worried that extensive areas dictated under the proposed Federal regulations take away my voice. For example, the accountability regulations tell us that Colorado must have a summative rating system with three levels of proficiency overall and with each subgroup of students. I know this requirement is nowhere in the law and something we were supposed to decide at the State level.    The proposed regulations also seem to upset the balance to find legislation and return the focus to standardized tests by diminishing the importance of the student and school support indicator. We shift back to a failing system that is overly focused on tests as opposed to truly helping students achieve.    As an educator in a school with a high number of English language learners, I am also concerned about the proposed regulations that set expectations for attainment of English language proficiency within a period of time after students' identification. This timeframe should be determined by educators, not an arbitrary number.    In Aurora, some English learner students arrive with comprehensive educational backgrounds, but some arrive with interrupted or limited formal schooling. We must respect educator discretion on this issue.    Finally, I am concerned about the proposed regulations that dictate consequences for districts that fail to meet the 95 percent requirement for testing. While the law retains the requirements to ensure that students are participating in the test, the proposed regulations go beyond by dictating the actual consequences that schools must face.    Instead of punishing districts, we should be helping districts find solutions to solve the lower participation rate and our assessments. And again, how to handle lower test participation rates was supposed to be determined at the State level and once again the Department is taking away that opportunity.    I ask that you honor your commitment to our students and ESSA by respecting the legislation to include educator voice at the local and State level as we know our students best. It is time to get those with actual teaching experience the opportunity to have a say.    This work ahead of us is extensive but imperative so that every child, regardless of family income, ethnicity, or home language has an opportunity to attend a great public school and succeed.    Ms. Harrelson. So you are asking on data collected on students?    Ms. Harrelson. Okay, you know, I think that we have to be cautious of the data that we are looking at, and a lot of times that when we are looking at some of the summative measures, they are not fully aligned to what is actually happening in our schools because of the nature of some of the standardized assessments that we were using so--    Ms. Harrelson. Some examples?    Ms. Harrelson. Well, if you look at some of the assessment items that are used on tests that were allowed to create standardized assessments, they do not always get at that rich understanding that we really want to see that kids are showing, so I support, as a teacher, more of a formative local level type of assessment where teachers can really use that to guide next instructional steps. And I just always err to being a little bit cautious that a lot of the data that we receive from these assessments really cannot be used to guide instruction and improve outcomes, so we have to be really cautious of too much emphasis on that.    Ms. Harrelson. Okay, so I have had the privilege of working on some of our former assessments and I do think we started out with the idea of making sure we really have educators involved in these conversations. And this goes at the local, the State and the Federal level, so I think it is really important that we continue to really look at how we are developing our assessments because it is really educator voice that really narrows kind of what this actually looks like in the classroom and the type of information we would want back to be looking at how we are doing.    Ms. Harrelson. Okay, I would just like to emphasize again the importance of teacher voice. And, you know, as you probably read in my testimony, I do work in some of our lowest performing schools in Colorado, and with teachers on the ground floor daily and what we would like to see is allowing our teachers to elevate their voice and what to do to actually improve outcomes for our students in these conditions. So once again, teacher voice. It is really hard for someone up here in D.C. to start dictating what we should be doing in our low-performing schools. It is really hard.. Thanks.    Ms. Harrelson. All right,. I support a balanced approach when it comes to calculators. It depends on what you are doing. And so I do think that it is important for kids to be flexible with numbers, but there is also some problem-solving that is at a higher level that we might want to incorporate the use of a calculator to reach some more complex problem-solving situations.