    Secretary Lew. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would ask that you include my complete testimony in the record. In the interest of time, I would be happy to dispense with my opening remarks and take questions right away since I know, with the votes coming, it may be challenging for some members to come back.    SecretaryLew. Mr. Chairman, let me start by saying that I think if you look at our financial system today and compare it to the time before the financial crisis, it is a lot safer than it was and there is a lot more protection for our economy and for the American people than there was before. So I think the steps that have been taken have done an awful lot to reduce the level of risk.    With regard to why FSOC and not regulators, before the financial crisis there was no regulatory agency that had responsibility to look across the economy and ask the question, is there systemic risk that needs to be addressed? Each had its own siloed set of responsibilities. No one had responsibility for the crosscutting question of systemic stability to be the driving question. FSOC was created to bring the regulators together and have a place where those questions could be asked across the entire financial system.    The authority to designate a financial institution is really based in the statute on finding that there is a level of systemic risk. It does not say you can do things to prevent it. It says if you find that there is systemic risk, the act that FSOC takes is designation, and then there is a regulatory procedure that follows.    In many cases, what FSOC looks at outside of the designation process are issues that go back to the regulators with primary jurisdiction. So, for example, on money market funds, FSOC has looked at that issue, but it went back to the SEC for rulemaking action. In the case of designations, that is one authority that FSOC as a body across government, across regulators, takes when the finding of systemic risk is made.    Secretary Lew. You know, I think that the question really has to go back to does the entity present a level of risk that warrants the designation. That gets to a question of the structure of the financial activities, the interconnectedness of the entity with other financial entities and individuals, and what the flow of risk would be if there were to be a failure of the entity.    Obviously, since we have designated a variety of different kinds of actors, it is more than just traditional financial institutions. We have market utilities that have been designated and we have several insurance companies that have been designated.    You know, I do not think that we view it as kind of a general directive to look at corporations, businesses, activities that don't have to do with the financial system. So there would have to be that connection to the financial system, but the kind of entity, obviously, has varied.    Secretary Lew. You know, the purpose of FSOC, the purpose of financial reform is to protect individuals from the kinds of instability that come when you have a financial crisis like 2008. In 2008, there were a lot of people who saved for college and their retirement who saw their savings just evaporate because of the financial crisis. So the goal is to see where there is systemic risk and address it.    I do not want to say who is and is not going to present that kind of risk, because one of the things I think FSOC has done very well is it has looked at every matter as a case-by-case review with a very diligent process where there has been back and forth with the company. We have now, as you noted, adopted some new rules to increase the level of engagement with companies earlier on in the process.    I think that those findings will determine where designations are appropriate. We should not have a rule going in of what we will and we will not do. What I am committed to is making sure that the FSOC is always fact- and analytically-driven, that it be driven by where are the risks of the future, not the risks of the past. Our job is to make sure we can tell those savers that we are doing everything we can to make sure that the financial system is safe and sound.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, the funding levels at the IRS are very troublesome. It ranges from not being able to do the basic things, like answering taxpayer calls, putting them on hold for so long that they drop, to not having the resources to put into properly enforcing our tax laws. In a system like ours, which is based on voluntarily compliance, it is a dangerous practice to underfund enforcement for a long period of time. It is very corrosive. It loses money. It loses billions of dollars to underfund the IRS.    I must say that I am proud of the team at the IRS. The career staff at the IRS do an extraordinary job under very difficult circumstances. The inconveniences to taxpayers are being mitigated because IRS has been effective at using Web-based information systems to provide information and to be able to respond to questions to reduce the call volume. But we cannot count on that forever. At some point you need to get a human being on the other end of the phone.    I think in the world of technology we have old systems, which if we do not continue to improve them will become more and more difficult to just operate normally. But they also become more and more vulnerable to the kinds of threats that we face in cyberspace nowadays.    So I think the underfunding of the IRS is shortsighted and damaging to one of the important institutions of any democracy, which is the organization that is responsible for making sure we collect our taxes from people who legally owe them and do it in a way that provides customer service that American taxpayers deserve.    Secretary Lew. Well, Congressman, the role that we play obviously is in the sanctions area where for most of my lifetime we have had limitations in place and they have not worked. It was an ineffective tool to change Cuba.    And the President took actions, and we took actions with our authority within the law to take steps to make it easier for there to be contact between the American people and the Cuban people, to make it easier to get information into Cuba so that they are exposed to more media and more information from the United States, and to make it easier to do certain kinds of financial transactions, both because of bank correspondent relationships and because of payment terms. We cannot eliminate all of the restrictions because we had to operate within the law, which we did.    But the purpose ultimately is to change Cuba. The purpose ultimately is for the Cuban people to see that there is a better alternative to what they have had. Since the old system did not work, we are very hopeful that the new system will be much more effective. I am not involved in the conversations that are taking place between the State Department and their counterparts in terms of the diplomatic relations, but I know those conversations have been continuing.    Secretary Lew. I am not actually familiar with the issue of royalties for performing artists and where they reside. I am happy to look into it and get back to you.    Secretary Lew. Right. I am happy to look into it.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I know that there are ongoing conversations. I understand the issues here. The objective has been to protect people from harm, not to cause problems. I am happy to follow up with you. It is not directly in my area to respond to that question, but I am happy to follow up.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, when the Volcker Rule was designed it was designed with an understanding that institutions of different size had different situations. So it does not apply equally to all financial institutions.    It is designed to reduce risk in the system so that financial institutions do not take on the kind of risk in their trading positions and the proprietary positions that they take that helped contribute to the financial crisis in 2008. A number of issues have come up that have been addressed subsequent to the initial rules where the regulators have taken a look at information as it has come in. I am not aware of additional action that is being taken right now, but I am happy to check on what the status is going forward.    Secretary Lew. Well, they have been responding on a regular basis. They do not always respond by taking the action that is requested, and those are obviously different questions.    There are a lot of financial institutions that would like the Volcker Rule to be either rolled back or withdrawn. We continue to believe that it is a provision of law and there are rules that make our financial system safer and that protect Americans from the kind of risk that we faced. I do not believe it was designed in a way that puts an undue burden on smaller institutions. When an issue that was an anomaly came up, they quickly addressed it in the early days, after the rules were made. So I know that they are listening and paying attention. But some of the things the financial institutions are asking to have taken a look at have risk attached to it that would be problematic.    So we can take a look at the specific request. But, obviously, we do not at Treasury have the authority to make any of these changes. There are five independent regulators that wrote the Volcker Rule. We helped shepherd them through the process, but they have the authority.    Secretary Lew. Well, Congressman, we are constantly looking at what not just the incremental impact is, but the cumulative impact, because it is a fair question what is the cumulative impact. I think the cumulative impact has been that it is more costly for a financial institution to take more risky positions. There are more costs associated with being, in both size and activity, in riskier areas. And I think that makes the financial system safer because what it does is it internalizes a lot of the risk that had been borne essentially by the American people.    I do not believe it has an adverse effect on the economy. The economy is doing quite well right now. We would love for it to be doing even better. But I do not think there is an--there is a lot of evidence that it is because of financial reform that we are seeing the economy do well. I am not saying it is one way or the other being caused by financial reform.    I would say that having confidence in the market is something that helps the economy. To the extent that there is less uncertainty about where the rules are, that helps the economy. To the extent that the burdens cumulatively are at the level that makes institutions safer, I think that makes both the economy and the American people safer. So I do not subscribe to the theory that they have caused a lessening of economic activity.    Secretary Lew. No, and I was not arguing one way----    Secretary Lew. So, look, let me start with the general. I think that if you look at the Joint Plan of Action agreement, it has worked extraordinarily well. It has stopped Iran from continuing to build its nuclear capacity, the first time in over a decade that anything has slowed down, much less turned back their progress. It had clearly denominated relief that was granted that was not enough to even come close to the additional burden ongoing sanctions are putting on their economy. Forty billion dollars a year of additional burden are the cost of sanctions going forward, and the Joint Plan of Action was in the single-digit billions of relief.    So I think if you look at where we are right now with Iran, Iran's economy is in still very difficult shape. It did not recover from the damage that we caused by putting tough sanctions in place and, frankly, I think the reason they are at the negotiating table is they want that relief, but they are only going to get it if it is an agreement that is a good agreement that ensures that Iran will not have nuclear weapons.    We have been vigilant in the enforcement of sanctions, both in terms of financial institutions and oil. I had conversations with many countries where we made it clear that we are going to continue to enforce sanctions as long as they are in effect, and I have had the acknowledgement of that, and countries do not want to get crosswise with us on that.    So I can get back to you on the specific details of what the flows are. There are always some periodic ups and downs in those numbers.    Secretary Lew. But I think the bottom line is they got no more than the relief we agreed to, and that is not enough relief for the Iranian economy to turn around. The only way for them to get the kind of relief they really desire is if they concede on the key issues in a negotiation to make clear that they will not have nuclear weapons.    I think that we have made equally clear that if those negotiations fail we will be the first to call for additional sanctions, and then all options would remain on the table in terms of making sure that Iran does not have nuclear weapons.    So I am very proud of the work our team has done. I agree with you that the directors of OFAC, and now Adam Szubin, the acting director of TFI, under secretaries of TFI, have done an extraordinarily good job. Their teams have done an extraordinarily good job. They work very hard, and I think they deserve the support that we and you give them. But I do not think that there is a serious case that we have seen a backsliding on the commitment to maintain the sanctions regime.    There is, obviously, the negotiation going on, which if it reaches a conclusion would have to involve some modification. But we have also been clear that there are multiple sanctions regimes against Iran, because Iran has been a bad actor in multiple different areas. The only sanctions that we have talked about relief from are the ones related to the nuclear issue, not the ones related to terrorism and other things.    Secretary Lew. I think that the challenge is going to be for Congress to come back and do another version of what was done in the Murray-Ryan agreement.    Sequestration was never meant to take effect. It was designed to be something that was so odious to both sides it would make it possible to come together on the kind of balanced policies that would be a reasonable way to reduce the deficit as opposed to draconian cuts in discretionary spending. I do not think it is good for domestic priorities. I do not think it is good for our national security priorities.    I find it somewhat odd that something that was meant to be so objectionable that it would be a motivation to do something as an alternative is now seen by some as something that has to be protected. Its purpose was to be a catalyst for different action.    I think what the President is saying is Congress has to do that. Congress has to go back and work on that kind of balanced approach. It worked to provide some relief for 2014 and 2015, but it did not cover 2016. So we are now back in the world of those very, very low and we think unacceptably low levels. We would look forward to working with you and others on getting that done.    Secretary Lew. Thank you.    Secretary Lew. Well, Congressman, the President's Budget provides the Administration's view as to where we would go to put together an alternate path, which would be restoring levels to presequestration levels and to hit the targets for fiscal policy that we have set, which are consistent with the path.    Secretary Lew. So, Congressman, the President's Budget presents a path of deficits coming below 3 percent of GDP and staying in a zone for the next 10 years, the immediate budget window, that hits primary balance. You still have a deficit, but the deficit is basically related to the service of old debt, not the buildup of new debt. That is generally internationally seen as something that is the goal for fiscal sustainability. In terms of----    Secretary Lew. Well, 3 percent primary balance, the number depends on a number of calculations. It is about 3 percent or a fraction of a point higher or lower,in that area.    Secretary Lew. The International Monetary Fund, when it goes internationally with targets.    Now, I am not saying that the goal over time should not be in good times to have the ability to bring down the number lower than that. I presided as director of the Office of Management and Budget for 3 years in the 1990s when we had a surplus and we were paying down the debt, so I fully understand that when you have a strong economy and things are working the way they should there is an opportunity to do better than that. But in terms of fiscal sustainability, the norm of primary balance is what economists look at as being a measure of sustainability.    In terms of cumulative debt, we obviously are at a higher level than we were before we ran the very large deficits because of the spending and tax policies early in the 2000s and because of the financial crisis and what it took to get out of that. But we have slowed the growth, we have stopped the growth, and we have kept it in a range that is not as low as one would want it to be if we hadn't gone through the bad decade that we went through but is also at a sustainable level.    So I think the President's Budget, if you look at the growth in our economy, it reflects a confidence in our economy that is coming back. It reflects a sense of a sustainable economy. Very different from when we had 10 percent of GDP deficits.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, the discretionary cuts are obviously very large and they are roughly comparable to the tax increases that you have described. What is not there in a large form are the kinds of savings in mandatory programs.    Secretary Lew. The President's Budget has $400 billion of savings proposed as part of a balanced plan in mandatory programs. The challenge has been to put a balanced approach together in one package and to finish the job.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I do not think anyone is proposing that there be a cessation of the use of prepaid cards, and obviously, the CFBP rule is not in our direct jurisdiction. I would refer to Director Cordray and the CFPB on the details. But I know the purpose of the rule was to protect consumers and to make sure that prepaid cards, which are a growing form of a transactional tool, are managed in a way that is consistent with protecting both individuals from charges and other costs that they might not see.    I agree with you that prepaid cards are more efficient in many cases for governmental transactions and was part of turning some of our Federal benefit programs into smart cards in earlier years. So I very much understand the value of them.    Secretary Lew. I think the CFPB has been remarkably effective in its short life designing rules that are well thought through and that are managed well in the marketplace that they are designed for. I do not think----    Secretary Lew. I would have to defer to the CFPB on that and be happy to put the question to them.    Secretary Lew. I am not aware of what analyses they did. I do know that the purpose of the rulemaking was to protect consumers. It was not to create a bar to the use of prepaid cards on a broad basis. I would be happy to refer the question to Director Cordray.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, the President's Budget requests $101 million in investments to help combat tax-related identity theft. It would include expanding the services and assistance available to taxpayers who have been victimized by identity theft. It is a very significant problem, and I think it is one that we owe the American people to put the resources into to deal with.    We know that, in general, in the area of cyberspace, cyber crime, that there is an increasing level of activity out there. We have to keep up and find the problems as they are developing and address them because the American people deserve that. But it does require funding the activity. So I would not say it is just money. It is money that you put to the right purpose. But we have a plan which, if it is funded, we think would continue to make progress in this area.    Secretary Lew. Yes, it is.    Secretary Lew. Thanks, Congressman.    Secretary Lew. Well, Congressman, obviously any conversations I have with the President in the Oval Office, under any of the roles that I have served in the Administration, deserve the privacy of the Oval Office.    But I think the actions that we have taken over the Administration--I was part of it at OMB and part of it when I was as chief of staff to the President--it was trying to find a balanced approach where we did all the different things that you needed to do to fix the fiscal challenges. That obviously did not work, and we ended up doing things piecemeal. So we have gotten discretionary cuts and we have gotten some of the revenue measures. We have not had the conversation where all the pieces came together and we had a comprehensive approach.    There were moments when I thought we were close to getting that kind of an agreement. I thought at the time that it would have been the right thing. As we look at the depth of the sequestration cuts, I think it is clear that discretionary spending has borne more of the burden than it should. My view is that, on the revenues, we have not completed the job and we have not really gotten where we need to go on some of the mandatory programs.    I do think that what we have seen in healthcare costs has been very meaningful in terms of the reduction in the rate of growth of healthcare spending. Whatever one's view of the Affordable Care Act--I, obviously, think it is a very important initiative--the effect in the years since the passage of the Affordable Care Act is to have the slowest rate of increased cost in health care in a very, very long time, which has enormous impact on budgetary projections given the size of healthcare spending as a percentage of the budget.    So I think if you look at our actions, I will have to leave your imagination the conversations in the Oval Office.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, first of all, obviously nominal dollars tell one story, but if you look at it in the context of the size of the economy and what the world will look like 10 years from now, we are now in a $17 trillion GDP economy, it is projected to be $27 trillion. So it is going to be a much larger economy. The number, while it is a large number, is not growing as a percentage of GDP anywhere near the rate that the nominal dollars are growing.    I have thought for a long time that there needs to be a bit of a space in the political debate for the conversation on finishing the fiscal job to be done as required. We have not seen that in the last few years. We have seen tremendous progress, though, on reducing the deficit. While I am not happy about the discretionary cuts and would like to see some alternative budgetary measures to replace sequestration, there is no question that bringing the deficit from 10 percent to 3 percent of GDP is an enormous, enormous accomplishment.    I couldn't be sitting here with confidence telling you that at 10 percent of GDP we were in a sustainable place. When we were looking at numbers, 9 percent, 8 percent, those were scary numbers. Three percent is more of a normal number. I mean, it is roughly primary balance given the size of our debt service.    The goal ought to be to do the things we can do now to grow our economy because a growing economy is the best way to solve the problem, and that is why we talk about things like infrastructure. I mean, we are short selling infrastructure now, which is necessary both for short-term and long-term economic health, and at a time when I think there is a bipartisan view that we should be doing more on infrastructure.    So I think that what we can do in the next year or two should be to do the things we can do together to grow the economy. I am not sure going back to the debate of 2011, 2012 would be the way to solve that problem right now. We have done an awful lot. Right now doing the things that would grow the economy I think are what really require our immediate attention.    Secretary Lew. Well, I never predict interest rates beyond what are the assumptions in our budget. Obviously, our budget shows a gradual return to more normal interest rates. We do not predict a time the Federal Reserve will make its decision on when it will move to change monetary policy. Then the markets will make their decision on how they react in terms of longer-term rates.    I think that in an economy that is growing, in an economy that is right now one of the healthiest in the world, it is a question of when, not if, interest rates start to go back up. The budget assumes interest rates that, if anything, are on the high end of what is likely to happen.    So I think, for budgetary purposes, we have been conservative and we have built in assumptions which, if I was giving my honest best guess, are probably a little on the high side. But I think that is the right thing to do for budgeting, because I do not think we ought to be putting in numbers that understate the cost of debt service.    Secretary Lew. So let me start just with the broad view of the world that you describe. I think that there is no question that our economy is being looked at globally as the leader of economic growth right now. There are other countries with emerging economies that are growing at a faster rate, but there are not any other mature developed economies that are doing as well as we are.    I think that, if anything, the world is overreliant on the United States right now, because if you look at the numbers, we are not big enough to pull everyone along, even if we grew another half a point or a point more. We can not make up for a shortfall in growth in Europe. We can not make up for a shortfall in growth in Asia.    So I think we have to want other countries to do well for the global economy to do well. And that is what I say when I meet with the Chinese: We want your economy to do well. We want you to play fair. We do not want you to break the rules. But we want you to do well. It is good for you when we do well. It is good for us when you do well.    I think that right now, after the financial crisis, we are at a moment in time where the world looked at the United States for a few years as being the cause of the financial problem. Now they look at the United States and they marvel at the resilience and ability of the U.S. economy to bounce back. There is something about the American spirit, the kind of indomitable American will to pick yourself up and get going again, but also the flexibility of our system. In a lot of countries people will not pick up and move down the street to take a job. In the United States, if there is a new industry that emerges, people go to take the jobs. They want the work.    I think the core of your question is a very important one. We need to have a revenue base that is sufficient to support having us be the leaders in the generations to come. That means we have to continue to have the best research and development. We need to continue to have the best educated workers. We need to continue to have the infrastructure that is needed for commerce in the future. And without an adequate revenue base, you can not support that.    We have put some ideas in our budget that our thoughts as to how to expand the tax base in a way that gets at the question of how do you go after a bigger, not a smaller base. If you take one specific idea, stepped-up basis that we put in, it is an attempt to get at taxing income that is never realized in a generation when it is earned, it goes tax free from one generation to another, because people do not need to take the gains in their lifetime.    When you and I retire--I will speak for myself--when I retire I will need to draw down my retirement savings. They will not be something that just sits there to be passed on. And I will pay taxes on them when I take down my IRAs and 401(k)s.    We thought it was entirely fair to say income should not be accumulated and never subject to the income tax. So that was an attempt to use our income tax-based system to broaden the base in a way that reflects principles of fairness, not saying we want to tax it more, but we want to tax it the way it would be taxed if you needed to use it in your lifetime.    There are always questions about shifting to a consumption-based or some different tax system. It is complicated, obviously. The challenge would be to design a system that would be progressive, and that is not straightforward in a consumption-based tax because people at lower income levels tend to consume a much higher percentage of their income than people at higher income levels.    Secretary Lew. It is definitely something that we think about and we always look at the academic work that is being done. I think to in a practical way shift from an income tax to a consumption tax is an enormously complicated undertaking. But I would be happy to follow up with you on this conversation.    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, we are working very hard on that rule and are trying very hard to meet the deadline. I am hopeful we will. But I am happy to follow up with you as we get closer to June to give you an update on where we are.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. Well, Mr. Chairman, the proposed rule that was put out was meant to start a discussion. It started quite a----    Secretary Lew . Firestorm of a discussion, and the 150,000 comments all require attention. There has been a process by which work has been ongoing to understand and think through the issues. I can not give you a schedule, but I can tell you that there is going to be a very careful process as we go forward, and we are always attentive to comments on important matters.    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.