    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Neighborhood banks are the lifeblood of local communities. They can be a key source of capital for small businesses. They can help working families save for the future.    No one knows this better than my constituents in west Baltimore, where banks are outnumbered by alternative financial services that sometimes offer the most basic products on abusive and extremely predatory terms. The lack of basic banking services is one of the key challenges for families trying to climb out of poverty in this Nation.    A discussion about what more can be done to ensure that all communities are adequately served by community banks is, indeed, long overdue. Some suggest that communities lack banks because the FDIC is inappropriately blocking the approval of new community banks. But this claim does not appear to be supported by the facts.    The Federal Reserve has reported that a key factor explaining a lack of new bank applications is our current low interest financial environment. A bank's income, particularly a new bank without an established lending portfolio, is closely tied to the Federal funds rate, which has been close to zero since the Great Recession. That is why the FDIC received only 10 applications for deposit insurance between 2011 and 2015 compared with more than 1,000 applications between 2004 and 2008, when the financial crisis began.    Our Nation relies on the FDIC to protect the Deposit Insurance Fund, which repays depositors if an insured bank fails. The FDIC approves only those applications that meet strict standards and that are built around realistic business plans that are likely to ensure profitability. That's because if the fund fails, taxpayers will be on the hook to pay for the bank's mistakes.    Many other regulators failed in their duties prior to the Great Recession, but the FDIC's stewardship of the fund before the financial crisis meant that the FDIC did not have to draw on taxpayer funds to repay the customers of failed banks.    These protective measures are not preventing community banks from succeeding. In fact, the net income earned by community banks in the first quarter of 2016 grew by 7 percent over their income in the first quarter of 2015, according to the FDIC's most recent quarterly banking profile.    By comparison, the net income of noncommunity banks actually fell by nearly 3 percent in the first quarter of 2016 compared to the first quarter of 2015.    Yet, the FDIC has reported that over the past 12 months, and I quote, ``Almost 62 percent of community banks improved their net income,'' end of quote. As a result, the percentage of unprofitable community banks fell to its lowest level since 1998.    As our Nation has seen firsthand, without rigorous standards banks could take outsized risks, assuming that the insurance fund would clean up their losses. Sadly, I am concerned that today's hearing is only the latest in a series of efforts by my Republican colleagues to roll back essential safeguards and put the financial system back at risk.    In 2014, the Republican Congress repealed a portion of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to swaps pushouts, allowing large banks to gamble with FDIC-insured funds. Last year, Republicans introduced legislation to repeal the Volcker rule, which stops banks that are too big to fail from trading for their own profit.    And then this year, the Republican chairman of the Financial Services Committee has proposed a bill to prohibit the FDIC from ensuring that large banks do not cause another financial crisis if they fail. Rather, in trying to put the taxpayer back on the hook for risky practices, Congress should be trying to understand why, given that the community banks appear to be thriving, critical and basic banking services are not being provided in some communities, like the one I live in.    I look forward to the testimony, and I thank our witnesses for being here today.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Let's start. Let me make this clear.    Mr. Browning, what do you think--why do you think people are holding up your application? Let me get down to the nitty-gritty. Because apparently, I mean----    Mr. Cummings. Well, he's here testifying. He's upset.    Are you not?    Mr. Cummings. What do you think is the motive? Why would they deny your application? I mean, do you think they just don't like you? I'm serious. I mean, what is it? And I'm not trying to be smart. I'm just trying to figure out--I'm trying to get to the bottom of this.    Mr. Cummings. Then what do you think it is? Do you think it's competition, they're trying to protect competition?    Mr. Cummings. So you think they're being too careful, basically? Is that what you are saying?    Mr. Cummings. All right.    Now, Mr. Chairman, how did the insurance fund fare during the financial crisis?    Mr. Cummings. I can't hear you.    Mr. Cummings. Okay. I've got. I only have limited time here. I just wanted to get that. You told me what happened.    The number of new bank charters is significantly lower in the years since the financial crisis than in the years before the crisis. Professor Johnson, what do you believe accounts for the decline in the number of new bank charters?    Mr. Cummings. In an article published on June 24, 2016, by the American Bankers Association, the ABA's chief economist, James Chessen, wrote, and I quote, ``Great investment options don't exist in today's abnormally low rate environment,'' end of quote. Mr. Williams reiterated that today in his written testimony.    Professor Johnson, do you agree with the concerns expressed by Mr. Williams and the American Bankers Association's chief economist?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Williams also stated in his written testimony that he started his bank in 1990, quote, in the middle of a so-called S&L crisis and the beginning of a recession; despite these severe conditions, there were 193 de novos that year, end of quote. He compares that with the current business cycle.    Professor Johnson, are there differences between that business cycle and this one? And how do interest rates compare?    Mr. Cummings. The American Bankers Association chief economist also wrote this quote, ``Sure, de novos are risky. They failed at twice the rate of other banks, historically. They create losses for the FDIC,'' end of quote.    Professor Johnson, is Mr. Chessen right? Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. What trends were observed regarding the failure rates of new banks during the crisis? Were adequate safeguards in place prior to the financial crisis to ensure that risky new banks were not approved?    Mr. Cummings. My last question. Professor Johnson, if the FDIC were to weaken its regulations in an effort to jump-start applications, would that help or harm the insurance fund?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Yeah. I want us to be most effective and efficient. You just made some statements about--and I'm sure you have the evidence to prove it. I know--I know--and I'm not knocking it. I'm just trying to make sure we get to the bottom that there is some kind of retaliation and there may be some whistleblowers.    And I just want to know what is your plan to get the information to the chairman so we can effectively deal with these issues? Wait, wait, let me finish. May I.    Mr. Cummings. I just want to finish. Because all of us take a very strict position with regard to whistleblowers. We want to protect them, and at the same time we want to accomplish what you want to accomplish, that is, to address whatever that issue is that they may be, rightfully so, complaining about. I just want to know what your plan was? That's all.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.