    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And to Mr. Carter, and first of all, I want to thank both of you. General Dempsey, I really appreciate your service to our country, and particularly the uniform that you wear, the United States Army. It means a lot to me.    Secretary Carter, first time I get to meet you.    But the question I have, and I guess where I am kind of perplexed, is what is going on within Iraq today, where we have the general of the Quds force leading the charge, basically. And, you know, I get our reluctance to have boots on the ground. Because let me tell you, I mean, my kids have been there. So I don't necessarily want to see them go back.    But the other--on the same token, though, I hate to see that Iran now has taken the lead, and particularly when you go back to the history in Iraq with us recently, in 2011 when I was there, we had five U.S. service members killed the night I was there by an advanced IED supplied--go figure--from Iran. And now we are allowing them to take the lead. And, you know, you remember back, I mean, we had our forces in Iraq at the drawdown. We had American troops being killed and ambushed. And because of the status of forces agreement, particularly as it related to Iraq, they kept us from going and hunting or capturing or killing these guys that were killing our troops.    We knew where they were laying their heads down at night, but the fact was these are the same people now that are taking the lead in Iraq and we think we are going to see a different outcome with the Iranian regime today than what it was then. And the pressure it is going to put on the Iraqi leaders--and Ghani I think is a breath of fresh air, but I don't know how he is going to operate within that when the Iranians are standing there saying, ``Listen, we are giving you back your country.''    How do we deal with that?    Mr. Nugent. But let me interrupt you, I mean, because the time is limited. But isn't it going to turn back into a sectarian fight when you have Iran providing the leadership and the training to the troops that are going to push ISIS back out of Iraq?    Mr. Nugent. I don't disagree with that, but, you know, when you talk to the forces that were there in place in 2011 and the training that we did for the Iraqis, it was pretty evident then that we had some very, very good brigades within the Iraqi military, and then we had some that were the sectarian split-off that were incompetent.    And I think that is what we saw, you know, happen. I think that is kind of the remarks we have heard is that having an enduring force there would have prevented it, I don't know, but we would have had a much better chance of preventing it had we been there to train and assist and keep the pressure on the Iraqis at the time. And I just want to make sure we don't do the same now in Afghanistan.    Mr. Nugent. And I appreciate your comments.    And with that, General, I would love to hear from you, but I have been gaveled back and----    General Dempsey. And I would love to chat, sir, but my time is out.    Mr. Nugent. Okay.    The Chairman. Yep, you all are right.    Dr. Wenstrup.