    Mr. Lamborn. Better late than never.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for having this hearing. Mr. Weiss, thank you for being here. I apologize I was not here earlier, I was in a mark-up in another committee. But I just wanted to get a little bit of background, take advantage of the work you have done in working on a plan.    Let me ask a little bit about prioritization. If you had your way in the plan that the Treasury Department is working on, how specifically--for instance, would government workers with pensions be treated under the plan that you are proposing?    Mr. Lamborn. OK, thank you. Let me ask about the energy angle on this, and PREPA, and the electrical generation. What are some of your thoughts or recommendations on that debt, which is about, I think, 11 or 12 percent of the total debt?    Mr. Lamborn. In order to modernize and to do it quickly, I think you would agree with me time is of the essence. Would we want to have some kind of ability to cut through red tape that would currently maybe make a project that could--you know, a construction project that would take 1 or 2 years, when you add all the layers of regulatory reviews, may take 5 or 10 years. Would you agree with me that we can do better in cutting through red tape?    Mr. Lamborn. OK. I look forward to working with you and the Chairman and every interested party, trying to make this work as efficiently as possible and in an expedited way. I can think of examples of red tape that we might want to look at as part of this whole process.    Mr. Chairman, thanks for having this hearing, and I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Weiss, let me ask the last questions here. I like going last, because there are basically very few people around to hear me.    So, in an effort simply to capture what the breadth of this situation is, let me quickly summarize. Puerto Rico has about $70 billion in debt from bonds. The pension liability is $46 billion, they have $2 billion in assets to cover it. They do not have access to credit markets or to borrow money. There is significant out-migration, as you have mentioned. The Government Development Bank, where many of their deposits are held, is in peril. The Governor has authorized a billion dollars in some unsustainable liquidity actions, including withholding tax refunds; selling assets from pension funds; taking money dedicated to one group of creditors to pay others; and the fact is there could easily be a central government that would be forced to shut down.    With that background, and based on Treasury's analysis of the situation, should there be any sacred cows that are put on the table? Is anything so sacrosanct that it cannot be discussed by any kind of oversight board or institution in seeking a solution?