    Mr. Hernandez. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. We are very excited about the----    The Chairman. Is your microphone on?    Mr. Hernandez. It is now. Mr. Chairman, we have a program that really capitalizes on the private-sector so they can do what we call our guaranteed lending, and so we guarantee the loan up to 90 percent; so the lenders do that loan and then we also have a product which we call the direct loan, and so we use both those financing to both mitigate----    The Chairman. The direct loan, do you service those?    Mr. Hernandez. We do those directly.    The Chairman. What is the default rate on that?    Mr. Hernandez. Our default rate is less than one percent, sir.    The Chairman. All right. That is a full out default. How many do you have that are not current on their payments?    Mr. Hernandez. Sir, we are very fortunate that almost all of our loans are current. We have folks that we are working with to make sure they stay current. Part of it goes to our underwriting. We try to make sure we are picking projects that are successful.    The Chairman. I hear that, Tony, but how do you avoid competing with banks. It seems to me--we all want these projects done. We prefer to have the private-sector do it first. How do you not step on their toes?    Mr. Hernandez. That is a great question, sir. As a matter of fact, the partnership between the private-sector and public-sector, a lot of these projects in the private-sector would not lend if we were not part of that lending. They are looking to mitigate their risk. And that is why we do more on the direct side than we do on the guaranteed side because a lot of these projects a lender would not do. So they look to us----    The Chairman. Let me understand. You said you do extensive due diligence on it, which I appreciate, but you have already had a bank look at it and say we can't commit our shareholder money for this. What steps do you, in the 30 seconds left, kind of what steps do you have to go through to look at it to decide to put taxpayer money against it, a direct loan?    Mr. Hernandez. Sure. The first thing we do, sir, is try to find the right project; they have the capacity to pay it back. But a lot of times a lender won't lend there because they don't want to have that much risk in that deal. So they look to do a minimum investment.    The Chairman. So in the direct loans you would have a bank partner with you in those as well?    Mr. Hernandez. As a matter of fact most of our projects have both private and us in them, sir.    The Chairman. So give me real quickly how many of those direct loans are 100 percent USDA loans versus one where you have a blend of other outsiders in it?    Mr. Hernandez. Great question sir. I don't have that information with, me.    The Chairman. Would you give us kind of a report on portfolio, 100 percent direct loans, and how much of those are blended loans in the sense where you have private folks coming in. I appreciate your help to make it happen. I am a former banker, so if you wouldn't mind giving me kind of a read on where the current status is on the portfolio?    Mr. Hernandez. I can do that for you, sir.    The Chairman. Thank you very much. Mr. Peterson, for 5 minutes. Ms. Fudge, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hernandez. Thank you, Congresswoman, for the question. We are very proud of our program that really creates an opportunity for people to own homes. And the reason it is so good is we work with our borrowers to make sure they stay in the house. So we have two products, one that is called the guaranteed product, which is where we work with the lenders; and for both of our products, customers have to not to be able to get access to capital someplace else.    What makes the product so good, it is 100 percent financing, zero down payment. If they can qualify for a down payment program someplace else, we encourage them to go to FHA or someplace else. So most of our customers want to be a home buyer, but their incomes are lower, and so they have our product which is zero percent down, 100 percent financing. That is on the guaranteed.    On the direct, we work with them directly, meet with the customers, we are their lender. If they have challenges with making their payments, we work with them. We call them, that is how we work to make sure they can be successful. And so it is a one on one. We do this in 47 different states. All over the country we have offices that really work with the customers. We find the customers working with our favorite nonprofits, and they are favored because they are successful in bringing good customers to us. So I think that is one of the reasons we are so successful with a lower default rate.    Mr. Hernandez. Great. Thank you, Congressman. Congress was very smart and strategic when they created USDA to do housing because housing in rural America is different than housing in urban areas. The incomes for folks in rural areas are much less. It is harder to find jobs in rural America. Which means if you have a product that requires a down payment, they would not be able to get into housing.    That is where Congress created USDA and, boy, we were so lucky because of that forethought to say we have a program that has zero percent down and 100 percent financing and we have it in every state, where we have staff that meet with customers and our staff meet with the nonprofits that are there. We are different than any other housing organization in our Federal Government. We are customer-based. We talk to the customers.    The other reason the customers are so good with us is because we have that product, zero percent down, 100 percent financing. Our foreclosure rates and default rates are lower than almost any other program in the Federal Government. Congress did a great thing. We are going to build on that success and change people's lives more with homeownership through USDA.    Mr. Hernandez. Thank you, Congressman. The Community Facilities program has both grants and loans as you know. A lot of our communities can't take all of the loans, so they look for other ways to reduce their burden by getting a grant. And so we give grants also to increase their capacity so they can apply for more loans. So we do both.    We want people to have access to lower cost money. That is up to 40 years. But the grants sometimes give them the capacity so they can apply for the loan dollars. So we are actually training folks how to compete better for the loans, and that is why we do both. It is usually the same people that are doing the loans that are doing the grants, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. From what I understand from our customers, they keep asking for lower cost dollars. When we do a guaranteed loan it is a little higher because that is the market that is setting the price. And so when we do a direct loan, we have the flexibility to do both; and that is why a lender sometimes only wants to do part of the risk, so we work with them to reduce the risk so we can partner in both.    So we always need more dollars in the direct side because that is where we actually have more funding available.    Mr. Hernandez. Sure can. Congressman, one of the major feedback we receive from our customers is getting more predictability in how we deliver services. What they have asked us to do is to come into the 21st century with automation. We are one of the only agencies that has a housing program that hasn't automated like other agencies. We are moving that direction now. We now with our process improvement save more than 37,000 reams of paper and can get an answer back in 48 hours. Where before it used to take us 8 weeks, 12 weeks to get an answer back because we didn't have the automation.    Just this last year we have implemented this what we call loan net guarantee and automatic loan closing. It saves the private-sector a significant amount of money but allows us to share the risk with the private-sector. The other reason that is so good is that there are more lenders out there that have access to capital for our customers that would not get it any other way if our lenders weren't there because our customers would not qualify for any other mortgage products. So we have a nice distribution system. We save them time. We save them money. And we are focused on the customer.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. My question was does one take longer than the other from the standpoint of the workload of the people that work in your agency? And one other thing, these loans are still originated from a mortgage broker or a bank when they happen; right? The average American citizen doesn't know this loan is available to them unless somebody that they are relying on to advise them tells them about this. Correct?    Mr. Hernandez. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. So a bank or a mortgage broker----    Mr. Hernandez. That is correct, sir. The loans are easier to do on the guarantee side because we have the automation that is there. The direct side, we don't have the automation yet. We will have that automation for the direct side in about 12 months.    Congress was very good to invest additional dollars for us to have automation. The reason we need both products because people who may not qualify for the guarantee, but they qualify for the direct. That is where Congress has given us more product variety to help more folks become homeowners, so it takes longer to do a direct loan than it does a guarantee, sir.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. So if I can make one further point, is that the American citizen who needs this loan doesn't know about it. It is a bank or it is a mortgage broker or somebody who advises them of the ability to get this loan.    One of my concerns, one of the things that has held the economy back, quite honestly, has been a position towards those industries from the Administration at a global picture, not necessarily in your agency. Do you see any potential restrictions on who can help originate those loans?    Mr. Hernandez. There are restrictions. We are actually expanding how we are helping more and more customers by working with nonprofits, so they go out and find customers for the direct loan because we have had a reduction in staff over a number of years now. So we need to find another way to do outreach. So we need the trusted advisers like you are talking about. The realtors are very important, the lenders, but also a nonprofit to try to find the customers and educate them both on their options and do home buyer education. So we are trying to expand our outreach so we can get more customers.    On the direct side we usually go through 20 customers until we find one that is qualified, sir, on the direct side. We have to work real hard to find the right customers who have the ability to pay back. But we are expanding our resources by using our nonprofits, lenders, and realtors. And with the investments you have given us, we are doing automation to make that program more effective and more efficient.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I would just ask that we not push the private-sector out simply because we want to bring nonprofits in, sir.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Ashford, 5 minutes.    Mr. Hernandez. Thank you Congressman. There is tremendous opportunity for collaboration, and we do that all the time. We have a number of committees trying to find ways, task forces to see what we can do better together. The difference really is who the customer is. USDA focuses only on rural. We are the only agency that has a mission just for rural America. We are the only one. So our expertise is better than anybody else in trying to solve problems in rural America.    So we look forward to giving advice to other agencies, how we do it so well so they can find the efficiency and effectiveness that we have and maybe they can model what we are doing.    Mr. Hernandez. I agree, sir. We need to find a way to enhance education for our customers so they have a better opportunity to see which products work for them.    Mr. Hernandez. Congressman, we are very fortunate this program was created under the Farmers Home Administration, so we have been in existence for over 40 years, and the program is still being very successful. But it is a small part of our program. The largest program is one we use with the private-sector. That is our guarantee program.    Mr. Hernandez. We do.    Mr. Hernandez. We do not, sir.    Mr. Hernandez. Sir, the larger problem we have with the guarantee program is that private-sector service those. So we do about 140,000 loans a year. The private-sector does all those.    Mr. Hernandez. Both of our products are 100 percent guaranteed. The largest one, the private-sector does for us. They originate it and they service it. So that is 140,000 loans every year. We do a smaller part, which is 7,000 loans per year, which is the direct loan. That is the smaller part. So the biggest one, we are not competing with the private-sector at all. We are actually partnering with the private-sector. Because when they cannot do a loan, they refer it to our direct program so we can find another way to help that customer if they can pay back the loan.    Mr. Hernandez. Well, Congress has to give us some authority so we can do something that way. Right now, if we were to sell those loans, which we don't and cannot, all that money goes back to the Treasury and doesn't come back to the agency. So if that is what Congress wants to do, Congress can write the loan so we can do that.    Mr. Hernandez. Congresswoman, thank you.    Dodd-Frank is an important part for us to be in compliance and so we work with our lenders. And part of our process is trying to make sure that we automate our processes. And that is why lenders have come to us and said if you change the way you do business, it will make our participation a lot easier. So there is more, we think more compliance, but we think it is appropriate for us to make sure we are doing good loans and there is good lending being done.    Mr. Hernandez. The major change is more education to the home buyer to make sure they know what responsibility they are taking on. That was the whole purpose of that, just trying to make sure home buyers only sign the dotted line when they know there is good lending and there is good compliance from the lender's point of view. That is very important. So we spend lots of time doing home buyer education with our customers trying to make sure they know what they are doing is the right thing and they can pay back the loan.    I can get you more specifics on what additional paperwork or things that we are going through, so I can do that for you if you would like.    Mr. Hernandez. Actually, we had lost a number of staff for a number of years, over 20+ percent less staff. That is why automation is so important to us. As we invest the dollars that Congress has given us to automate more, it saves our lenders' time, which a majority of our program is for private-sector due to lending. So with that investment in technology, we can save more time.    Mr. Hernandez. The demand, Congressman, for this program is just outstanding. We get an appropriation of $2.2 billion. This year we think we are probably close, close to $1.1 billion. Forty-six percent of that is invested in rural health care. That is where a lot of the rural towns are looking for ways to any type of access to health care for facilities, equipment, and buildings; 20 percent is for education; and 50 percent for public infrastructure. People love this program. It helps change and build the community that you need to do with housing. You have to do both. Because what happens is people have to drive too far and so they need the facility, but they also need housing, both.