    Dr. Wallach. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Members of the Committee, it's a great honor to speak to you today about our nation's voting systems and the threats they face this November and the steps we might take to mitigate those threats.    My name is Dan Wallach. I've been a Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Rice University in Houston for 18 years. And my main message for you here today is that our election systems face credible cyber threats from our nation-state adversaries, and it's prudent to adopt contingency plans before November to mitigate these threats.    In particular, we've learned that Russia may have been behind leaked DNC emails for the explicit purpose of manipulating our elections. We've also learned of attacks on voter registration databases in Arizona and Illinois, and that's only the ones we know about. There might be more.    We must prepare for the possibility that Russia or other sophisticated adversaries will use their cyber skills to attack our elections, and they need not attack every county in every State. It's sufficient for them to go after battleground States where a small nudge can have a large impact. The decentralization that we've heard about is helpful but it's not sufficient.    My number one concern is our voter registration databases because they are online, and if an attacker can damage or destroy the voter registration databases, they could disenfranchise a significant number of voters, leading to long lines and other difficulties. The provisional voting process requires filling out affidavits, it's slow, it takes time, and that wouldn't work for million voters.    Paperless electronic voting systems and their tabulation systems are also vulnerable. Despite not generally being connected to the Internet, these systems were unfortunately never engineered with security in mind, and expert analyses by myself and others have found unacceptable security issues.    Our biggest nation-state adversaries have the capability to execute attacks against these systems. For example, Russia was behind an attack of this kind directed at Ukraine's 2014 election where a hacked tabulation system would have reported results favorable to Russia. The Ukrainians were lucky enough to catch this.    Our options between now and November are largely limited to contingency planning. If we're lucky, we might detect attacks before Election Day, but it's important to make plans now for recovering from unforeseen cyber disasters in the same way that we make plans for natural disasters, including running drills and exercises and having plans written out and thought through.    If, for example, we were to conclude on Election Day that our computer systems had been unreliable, a contingency plan might be to rapidly print millions of paper ballots and rerun the election the next day. Legislation passed in most States following 2012's Hurricane Sandy appears to allow for such mitigations. The details vary State to State.    Between now and November we should also be aggressive at deploying expert teams to do security audits of relevant networks and systems particularly in battleground States. If something has been hacked, the sooner we know about it, the better. And my understanding is a critical infrastructure designation would allow States to request assistance from the Federal Government in this role.    We must also plan for the next few years after November's election is complete. Roughly 1/3--we've heard today--we've also heard 1/4. I'm not sure what the real number is. Roughly 1/3 of American voters this fall will use aging electronic voting systems with proven insecure designs. Some new hybrid voting system designs with electronic user interfaces and printed paper ballots are being designed by Los Angeles County, California, and Travis County. That's Austin, Texas. These have the potential to substantially reduce costs and improve the security of our elections. Federal support could advance their deployment nationwide, and if we do nothing, keeping our aging systems in service holds our elections at risk.    As a quick note, our immediate future should not include Internet voting. It's hard enough to protect the online systems that we already have. Moving additional voters online increases the risks. Traditional hand-marked paper ballots and these new hybrid systems from Los Angeles and Austin are our best paths forward.    As Don Rumsfeld once said, you go to war with the army you have, not the army you might want or wish to have at a later time. We face a similar situation this November with our systems for voter registration casting and tabulation. None of them are ready to rebuff attacks from our nation-state adversaries, nor can we replace them in time to make a difference.    Despite this, we can pursue a number of pragmatic steps such as verifying the integrity of election database backups, and we can make contingency plans for how we may respond if and when we do detect attacks against our elections. If we can somehow determine that tampering with an election voting system did take place, we should have plans in place to print paper ballots or otherwise keep the election going. The sooner we can create and agree on these plans, the more resilient our elections will be to foreign attack.    And even if nothing goes wrong and all this turned out to be nothing but hot air, we should treat these events as a warning. With modest investment, we can improve our practices and replace obsolete and insecure equipment, defeating future attacks like this before they ever get off the ground.    Thank you.    Dr. Wallach. So I believe my top concern is the voter registration systems because they are generally online, and if it's online, it's accessible from the Internet, and if it's accessible from the Internet, it's accessible from our nation-state adversaries.    And as I mentioned before, if you can either selectively or entirely delete people who you'd rather not vote, the current provisional voting system can't really scale to support a large number of voters who are filling out affidavits and following that process.    My second concern is the vote tabulation systems. Generally speaking, these tend to be old computers running old operating systems, in some cases Windows 2000 where security patches aren't even available from the vendor anymore, and that means that there are significant vulnerabilities where attacking a single point could result in an interesting result.    Dr. Wallach. So in the cybersecurity lingo we often have this phrase ``advanced persistent threat'' that we use as a colloquial way of talking about nation-state adversaries who have patience and skills and will take the time, might do something years in advance. It's often the case that adversaries are present in very secure and highly protected networks for months at a time before they're detected.    So trying to rank these vulnerabilities, I'm going to rank them relative to access. I think our voter registration systems are most accessible so I'm most worried about them. I'm secondarily concerned about the tabulation systems, and then I'm concerned about the voting systems themselves, particularly the paperless electronic ones.    Dr. Wallach. It's very hard for a remote Internet attacker to overwrite printed paper.    Dr. Wallach. So I think the short answer is providing available expertise and teams to go and do intrusion detection, network monitoring, and other appropriate tasks to just go looking for it.    Dr. Wallach. At the end of the day we need to worry about every problem. We have to worry about hurricanes, we have to worry about earthquakes, and we have to worry about cyber issues and we need to have plans in place to deal with them all. And the interesting thing is if you have plans in place for an earthquake, the earthquake doesn't really care. It's going to happen or not. But if you have plans in place for cyber, you can actually dissuade a cyber attack. If your adversary knows it's not going to work, then they're not going to bother. So I think it's important to do the planning and the forward thinking to make this not be a problem in the future.    Dr. Wallach. So we've heard about early voting and Election Day vote centers. An interesting thing going on in Travis County--it's Austin, Texas--every single precinct can handle any voter from the whole county. They did that because of redistricting. It was to avoid chaos. But it has the interesting benefit that you can vote near where you work rather than near your home. So I think that there's a lot of opportunity for creative expansion of the availability to vote without making radical changes in how we vote.    Dr. Wallach. So the nature of the threat is that they don't want you to see them there, so we can't assume that if we haven't seen them, that they're absent. What we do know is that we've established motive. The attack on the DNC's email server is motive for a nation--it shows that they did it for explicitly partisan purposes. And when you combine motive with means and opportunity----    Dr. Wallach. Oh, I'm sorry. This was reported in the press that Russian state actors allegedly hacked the DNC's email server with the intent of releasing emails for partisan purposes.    Dr. Wallach. The only example I'm aware of happened in the Ukraine in 2014.    Dr. Wallach. So HAVA helped us get rid of punch cards and helped us get rid of lever voting machines, and that's a good thing. HAVA was really two parts. It helped create the EAC, which could then help improve standards, and it also helped fund the purchase of new equipment. The equipment was largely purchased before the EAC standards effort was in action, and I think it would be an excellent thing to revisit to get new equipment up to new standards.    Dr. Wallach. Sure. So before we had an Internet, we had computers with floppy drives and there were computer viruses that could spread from one computer to another over floppies. Electronic voting machines, some of them use memory cards, some of them have these big battery packs, some of them have local area networks.    Studies conducted in 2007 by the State of California State of Ohio, State of Florida found security vulnerabilities that could take advantage of these to engineer viruses where one compromised voting machine could then infect eventually the entire fleet of machines for an entire county.    Dr. Wallach. Being disconnected from the Internet helps, but it's not a panacea.    Dr. Wallach. Right, so the study in Ohio was called Everest, I believe. The similar study in California was called the Top-to-Bottom Review. I was part of the Top-to-Bottom Review. And each of these studies found ways that regular poll workers and election officials going through their standard procedures and standard operations could unwittingly be used to transmit viruses from one machine to another through the motion--typically, at the end of the Election Day you move a memory card through each of the machines in the precinct, and that's to collect the vote totals. That process can spread a virus. And there are other processes. The details vary from machine to machine.    Dr. Wallach. That depends how it was built. I've been working with Travis County on trying to design something new where this wouldn't be a problem. The system that Los Angeles County is working on, this wouldn't be a problem. The reason why is because they generate paper backups--or rather paper ballots, which could then be audited against any electronic results.    Dr. Wallach. I only know what I've read in the press.    Dr. Wallach. Sorry. No problem. Part of what--so I've been working with Travis County for four years now on trying to design a better voting machine, and very much our intent is to use off-the-shelf hardware with custom software to the extent that we can for exactly that reason. When you buy a giant touch screen computer from Hewlett-Packard, Dell, insert your favorite tech company, you can get cheaper warranty support, you can replace the machines whenever you need to, and that helps reduce your maintenance and ongoing support costs.    Dr. Wallach. Not necessarily. The design of these systems, first and foremost, produces a printed paper ballot. So no matter what goes wrong with the computer, you have these printed paper ballots that the voters can see and verify. And everything else on top of that is gravy.    Dr. Wallach. Well, I think what we've learned today is all the 50 States will be voting differently, and it's hard to make a broad-brush statement. I think that there will be a lot of hand-marked paper ballots scanned by machines. There will be a lot of computer-assistive technologies available, and there will be some States that are voting by mail and that's okay.    Mr. Wallach. Well, I'm certainly a big fan of reconciling paper and electronic records when you have both. Many of the States, that's not an option because you don't have paper records like, for example, the entire State of Georgia votes entirely on electronic machines without any paper records. So there's no way to do a meaningful audit. I would love to see the sun-setting of those machines and replacing them with the next generation of machines that will have paper.    Dr. Wallach. I'm not sure. If we could do it on a shoestring or if we'd do better to spend more money and do it properly. I don't have a good answer for you today.    Dr. Wallach. Right. The example that I think we can look to to understand this was the Stuxnet virus, which was apparently engineered to damage the Natanz nuclear refinement facility in Iran. That nuclear refinement facility was also meant to be secure. It also was not connected to the Internet, yet somehow this Stuxnet malware was able to do its job. We don't know many of the details, but it's quite clear that where there's a will--and presumably a budget--then there's a way.    I don't know whether our nation-state adversaries have chosen to make that investment, but I know that it's technically feasible to mount these sorts of attacks and that's why it's important to take mitigations and defensive steps against them.    Mr. Wallach. So the issue of attribution of cyber attacks, broadly speaking, is a well-known problem and nation-state actors will pretend to be other nation-state actors for exactly the purpose of trying to throw off attribution.    Dr. Wallach. So I am not privy to however we have this Russian attribution. I have to assume that the people who said that know what they're doing.    Dr. Wallach. Well, if for no other reason than electronic voting systems are very expensive, as the Secretary told us earlier----    Dr. Wallach. --and paper systems are cheaper, and for that reason, if nothing else, while these electronic systems are wearing out, we're moving to paper sort of by default.    Dr. Wallach. So there's a lot of different motives that we can ascribe. If we're talking about garden-variety, you know, identity theft, they just want to have the information in the database. If we're talking about the nation-state actors, their motive could be to get information, but a lot of that information is available through other channels. It could be to tamper with information, and we've talked at length about the sort of chaos that you could potentially cause.    Dr. Wallach. If it's a database on a computer, it's possible to do all of those things.    Dr. Wallach. Well, I'm going to toot the horn of three different States where I enjoy what they're doing.    Dr. Wallach. I like California's use of risk-limiting audits where you can audit paper and compare it to electronic results. I like what Florida has done where they got rid of the paperless electronic voting machines. My parents live in Fort Lauderdale and they now vote on a laser printer will print out a ballot on demand so they can have early voting in vote centers. So Florida is now doing remarkably good stuff.    And, of course, I have to say something good about Texas. I think in Travis County we're building a really great system and it could potentially be applied in a lot of other places.    Dr. Wallach. No, I live in Houston. I grew up in Dallas.    Dr. Wallach. I would say that a cyber actor who knows what they're doing is acting months to years in advance and--because they don't necessarily have access to----    Dr. Wallach. Yes. You get in way in advance and then you have whatever effect you're trying to have. If your goal is to create chaos, then you want to have your effect very late. It all depends what you're trying to do.