    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you both for being here.    Ms. Wormuth, I would kind of take off on a question Ms. Tsongas touched on. Can you provide us with the--sort of the official DOD policy on military cooperation with Iran forces on the ground in Iraq?    Mr. Franks. General, thank you for being here. Thank you for your dedication of your entire life to the cause of freedom. This committee is always grateful to people like you.    In terms of that question, expanded just slightly, with the ISF and Iraqi Shia militia many times working to fight the same enemy, there is a concern that any training on our part for the Iranian--or the Iraqi forces may turn into training and equipping the Iran Quds forces. And it seems like we could see Iran's presence kindle the sectarian violence that has sort of characterized this entire issue in the first place. And, also, I am concerned that, to legitimatize Iran's actions there, it may actually increase their leverage in not only the debate with the President but with the Iranian commitment to try to gain nuclear weapons.    So can you tell me any honest assessment of any cooperation between U.S. and Iranian forces and how do we train and equip the ISF without helping the Iranian forces or somehow getting tangled up in that?    General Austin. Sir, there is no cooperation between us and the Iranian forces, as Ms. Wormuth has said. And we are going to have to count on the Iraqi Government to do those things necessary to, number one, ensure that things don't trend toward greater sectarian violence. And we encourage them to do that on a routine basis and----    But in terms of ensuring that, you know, our resources don't migrate over to Shia militia, there is no easy way to be absolutely certain that that can't happen. But I can tell you that we will do everything within our power to prevent that from happening. And, again, I think the first line of defense here has got to be the Iraqi Government. And we are focused on helping them, helping their legitimate forces to be successful in its endeavor.    Mr. Franks. Now, let me shift gears on you here just a moment and say, you know, it could be or would be your responsibility as combatant commander under the draft AUMF to ensure that the mission is accomplished against ISIS and yet also to make certain that American forces cannot engage in ``enduring offensive ground operations.''    And can you give this committee your best assessment of your ability to defeat, degrade, and destroy ISIS within 3 years while remaining true to the commitment not to having enduring offensive ground operations or executing those types of operations? Just your best military assessment.    General Austin. I am confident--absolutely confident, that we can defeat ISIL. And I base that upon the progress that we have made to date. And as you know, we don't have large amounts of ground forces in Iraq, but we have been very effective in terms of enabling the Iraqi security forces and enabling the Peshmerga in the north, and they are having good effects. And we have also had good effects against this enemy in Syria. So I am very confident that going forward, we will get this done, we will defeat ISIL. And so in terms of an enduring requirement for Iraq, I don't see that requirement there because I think we will be able to get this done with the approach that we are taking.    At the end of the day, sir, this has to be--it has to be done by the Iraqis. And we have to put the measures in place that will ensure, you know, a lasting solution and not just a short-term military solution. And we are hopeful that the Iraqi Government will do the things that are necessary to ensure that lasting solution.    Mr. Franks. All right. Quickly before I lose my time, can you tell me what one thing that you might encourage this committee to try to offer policy-wise or resource-wise that would help to that end?    General Austin. Sir, policy-wise, as much flexibility as you can give us as you consider the legislation going forward. I think flexibility in combatting an enemy like this is absolutely essential.    And then resource-wise, I need the ability to maintain capability forward deployed in the region.    The Chairman. Mr. Garamendi.