    Dr. Crim. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Before I begin my remarks, I would like to show a short video clip, just over one minute, on LIGO and its detection of gravitational waves.    Dr. Crim. Thank you very much. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Johnson and members of the Committee, I appreciate your interest in the historic observation of gravitational waves by the Interferometer Gravitational Wave Observatory.    My colleagues will describe the exciting science but I will spend a few minutes describing the role of the National Science Foundation and the rewards of fundamental research.    Although Albert Einstein predicted gravitational waves in 1916, their direct observation was a daunting, seemingly impossible task. Nonetheless, the possibility of opening a new window on the universe was so tantalizing that NSF began funding research on prototype laser interferometers in the 1970s.    In the 1980s, the NSF committed almost $300 million to a group led by Kip Thorne and Ron Drever of Cal Tech and Rainer Weiss of MIT to transform these prototypes into a full-blown gravitational-wave observatory. This effort driven by brilliance, vision, enthusiasm, experimental prowess and deep theoretical insights persuaded the NSF, the National Science Board, and Congress to take a risk.    Even though NSF had never funded anything on such a scale, the potential for transformative science was worth it. LIGO was the first of our Major Research Equipment projects, now known as MREFC projects. It illustrated the importance of distinct funding for instruments of this scale and prompted fruitful discussions with Congress. NSF embraced a new role in funding large, high-risk, high-reward research platforms serving the Nation by betting boldly on the future.    The National Science Board approved construction of LIGO in 1990, and following Congressional approval, work began in 1994. LIGO started operations in 2002, allowing researchers to gather data and develop innovative technologies.    One of the primary motivators for this arduous research was the question of whether it was possible to build an instrument of the requisite sensitivity. Indeed, the answer turned out to be yes. Thus, in 2008, NSF and Congress understood the compelling case and approved the $200 million of funding for constructing the next generation Advanced LIGO, the instrument that detected a gravitational wave last fall.    That gravitational wave arose in the collision and merger of two black holes approximately 1.3 billion years ago. The wave propagated to the detectors in Livingston, Louisiana, and Hanford, Washington, and produced a chirp that opened a new window on the universe.    This discovery is a beginning, not an end. It marks the birth of gravitational-wave astronomy, a new tool for understanding the cosmos.    The really good news is that Advanced LIGO was designed to be three times still more sensitive and should begin observations with even greater reach this summer.    The United States has led this international collaboration. However, continued close cooperation with our international partners is key to taking the science to the next level. New observational capabilities that our partners in Europe, Japan and India are either building or planning promise an exciting future.    LIGO is a national and international collaboration in which cooperation drives the science and leverages precious resources. The LIGO scientific collaboration is a group of more than 1,000 scientists at universities around the United States and in 16 countries. I'm pleased to add, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Johnson, that 30 members of that collaboration come from Texas.    Mr. Chairman, this historic measurement illustrates the importance of NSF and exemplifies its role in advancing discovery. The majesty of exploring our universe motivates this ambitious experiment, but as with all fundamental science, LIGO offers other important benefits. The science will advance education, inspiring students in developing the workforce our society requires. It has and will continue to spawn collaborations in engineering, computer science, and other fields to make the Nation more competitive. The fruits of NSF-sponsored research drive our economy, enhance our security, and ensure our global leadership.    Basic research is uncertain and risky but it is also revolutionary. LIGO is a striking example but not the only one. Fundamental science has transformed our world and will continue to change it in ways we have not yet imagined. All the contributors to LIGO--scientists, the National Science Foundation, the National Science Board, and Members of Congress--deserve to take enormous prid in our collective accomplishments.    These comments conclude my testimony. I'll be pleased to answer questions.    Dr. Crim. Detecting gravitational waves is this fundamentally inspiring scientific problem, and the point that Dave was just making about a new window on the universe, instead of just looking in the electromagnetic region or just looking at parts from space, we can now look in a completely different way and see new things, but the practical consequences of doing this are really what Gabby was talking about. They have to do with workforce and they have to do with technology. There are miracles of vibration isolation, and none of us really believe they're miracles but they are remarkable efforts at vibration isolation, laser stabilization. All of those are spinning forward into technologies that are extremely important to the county.    In addition, the students--and I was very impressed with your list, Gabby--the students that come out of this are finding--are not just doing gravitational-wave physics, they are going on and transforming the semiconductor industry in SpaceX and many, many others.    Dr. Crim. Your last comment is exactly the point. At the budget presentation, the Director of the National Science Foundation, Dr. Cordova, said she wanted to tell us what the next discovery was but she didn't know because we had to discover it, and I think that is a very important point. Now we have a completely new way to look. I mean, to get out of the electromagnetic spectrum and have the complement of gravitational-wave astronomy is remarkable.    Dr. Crim. Well, we're certainly funding researchers who are working hard on pushing the theory and pushing that understanding. That's a great, outstanding question in physics and in science today. But it's interesting to think, if we think about--you mentioned the photoelectric effect. The things that gave us hints about quantum phenomena were people looking for often electromagnetic radiation to behave classically. So as we now have the ability to look at gravitational radiation, just as my colleague said, there may be a surprise lurking in there as we go and with this tool start to poke on that behavior.    Dr. Crim. Ninety-four was actually when that was made.    Dr. Crim. That was when we went to the phase of actually constructing LIGO but these earlier dates where we're talking about funding research starting in 1979 had to do with a lot of demonstrations of both technology and science. For example, people built tabletop laser interferometers to start to show that they could reach the kinds of sensitivities--there was a chance to get there. My colleagues here can tell that story in some detail but this is a pattern that we often follow. We start out funding folks who lay the groundwork and then the community gets together, again as my colleagues said, and makes a compelling argument based on that early theory and experiment.    Dr. Crim. We have spent a total of over a billion dollars, $1.1 billion. About $450 million of that went into actually constructing initial Advanced LIGO. The rest has supported operations and maintenance of the observatories as well as individual investigators that were doing that early kind of work and the laboratory work I'm talking about.    Dr. Crim. David, why don't you comment?    Dr. Crim. It's foreign countries----    Dr. Crim. If I could----    Dr. Crim. --briefly comment to two of your points. Our Directorate for Education and Human Resources has been collaborating with us and generating the kinds of materials that you're talking about. We began thinking about that prior to the announcement and conversations with the leader of that directorate, Joan Ferrini-Mundy.    Your comment about long-term sustained funding and what David had to say about it is really important. We see ourselves trying to find ways to support these long-term risky bets to really get out on the edge and do something transformative, and I think we all recognize the challenges that--with the budgets the way they are but we see that as a constrained, a boundary condition within which we work, and we try what we can to accomplish what David was talking about to let these projects have the stability. It's not easy. It's a constant dynamic tension.    Dr. Crim. I want to emphasize how well chosen your time scale is in that it can take 20, 50 or 100 years for these discoveries to come out of ideas that start to emerge now and the consequences can play out over those time scales.    Dr. Crim. We have a very effective and close collaboration with NASA. The simple way to describe it is, we do ground-based astronomy; they do space-based astronomy. But that means that oftentimes experiments we fund are very complementary to ones they fund. For example, we have a collaboration on their exoplanet program making ground-based radial velocity measurements to understand the mass of planets around other stars. So we have joint committees where we talk constantly, and the physics and astronomy that unites this effort is common to us both, and we're in really good contact.    Dr. Crim. All of us are shaking our head yes. That's----    Dr. Crim. Just to briefly follow up on that, this is not a discontinuous process as people scratch their heads, they do calculations, they do experiments, and you persuade people. It's a very critical community competing for precious resources, and people have to make their case forcefully, persuasively, and part of what we try to do at NSF is to balance off all of those really good ideas, and it's a marketplace where people have to really meet a very high standard, and this wasn't some longshot, it was a series of considered bets, and they were risky but it's paid off beautifully.    Dr. Crim. So very quickly, first of all, this gave me an opportunity to walk into the Director's office and say I have good news for once. But I want to say something about the collaboration because, you know, we've watched as this information propagated through and our program officers learned about it and all. The way the collaboration handled this is a model of how you do modern big events in science. The rumors were circulating but they vetted the signal, they wrote the paper, they had it reviewed. They had it published in a premier journal before--they had reviewed in a premier journal before they had the press conference announcing the result. That's the classy way to do science.    Dr. Crim. I really love the GPS mention that you make because it's certainly the case that when Einstein did general relativity, he had no idea it was going to help me find a Starbucks. And there are remarkable things like that in the future. But as I said before, I wish I could tell you which one, I think we all do, but they're out there.    Dr. Crim. May I briefly----    Dr. Crim. --comment?    Dr. Crim. Okay.    Dr. Crim. I----    Dr. Crim. Let me just very briefly go from the inspiration to some of the practicalities of doing this. At the Foundation we have these remarkable program officers. The collaboration that we build is through what's called a cooperative agreement, and the--one of the striking things I've learned that I've been at the--been at the foundation is how complicated project management is. And the program officers, working with the people and the project, it's really a hand-in-glove relationship. And there's an enormous structure if you're going to spend $400 million of the taxpayers' money. And we're careful about it, and it involves these close collaborations.Washington, DC. area there are a huge number of universities. I would imagine that those kinds of things exist here, too. If they don't, they're not that hard to set up so----    Dr. Crim. I want to associate myself with the comment about passion. I think being passionate about science is something that's driven us all.    As far as this research comment is an important comment, and the Foundation supports research experiences for undergraduates to just provide that kind of an opportunity. There are programs that reach down into the K-12.    I want to make one brief comment, though, about how your question relates to how we function as a nation. I am a child of Sputnik. That event and the focus on science directed many, many people for more than a generation into science. And the Nation made a huge commitment to our being the global leader in science. Those kind of moments are the things that will invite these folks to come in.    Dr. Crim. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.