    Mr. Roe. Thank you.    And thank you, for the panel. This is an incredibly complicated, difficult situation, and I think probably I am the only one sitting on the dais, except perhaps Dr. Heck, who has examined women for sexual assault and has testified in court. It is my lifelong job as an obstetrician/gynecologist. It is an incredibly difficult, complicated issue you all are dealing with.    And, Ms. Scaduto, you brought out a couple of points that hit me. Requirements we have from the state--if I examine a woman in the emergency room, I break state law if I don't report that if this is a student, and they are in conflict. And I think it puts a great pressure, I mean, on you to know if you are doing the right thing.    And I know that--and I am going to ask Mr. Cohn in a minute about this--we certainly want to protect the rights of each one, but I can tell you, I have dealt with patients over decades who have dealt with the consequences of sexual assault, and how you deal with it and--I mean, it changes--it is life-changing, and I mean forever life-changing. So how you deal with this is incredibly important, and I think the start you all made is that early on is education is absolutely the key to prevention.    And I know, Dr. Rue, you mentioned a couple of things that really intrigued me about how you prevent that. And the results in--I mean, the incidence is lowered greatly.    I don't know whether the incidence is greater now or just the reporting is greater. I have a feeling it is just the reporting is greater. I think the crime has been there all along, and I think it just has been grossly underreported.    So a couple things that I would like to know is--and I will start, Mr. Cohn, with you, is that you are absolutely right. To gather this information--I have done it meticulously before--is very difficult to do to protect the rights of everybody involved.    And I know, Ms. Maatz, you mentioned we are dealing with a civil rights issue and a criminal issue.    When does a school--when do you determine to turn this over to the police as a criminal--because it is a criminal act?    Mr. Roe. Of course, we have seen over time where with new DNA evidence and new evidentiary things we have had that--where people have been falsely accused, and obviously you want due process for everybody.    Dr. Rue, to you, at Wake Forest University, what resources do you have for a student, either male or female, after this has occurred? Because I can tell you, as a physician it is absolutely critical.    Mr. Roe. My time is expired, but one other thing that I want to--you all to think about is how can we streamline this so that you are not checking boxes but taking care of students. That is where the resources need to be.    And I see it all the time where you--all this confab of things you have to do takes away from the real--which is taking care of the student and the patient.    I yield back.