    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Madam Chair, and thank you for holding this hearing. It's such an important issue, and certainly one where there's a lot of room for bipartisan cooperation. I think Mr. Clinton identified the challenge of setting policy in this area because the technology always changes so much faster than policy changes, so that being said, I really look forward to working with all my colleagues and continuing to raise awareness about this important issue, and also come up with policy that not only addresses the issue but prevents it.    I was recently out in Oregon visiting ID Experts, which is an Oregon business that specializes in healthcare, health data breaches. This is not just a federal issue, as some of my colleagues might have suggested. I mean, look at the Anthem Blue Cross. We're talking about millions of people here. And most people think--when they think about identity theft, think about the financial consequences, but with medical identity, if someone gets a procedure or prescription or something and that is entered into the individual's electronic health records, there are health risks involved in that as well as financial risks, and it's no surprise that the majority of people don't carefully review their explanation of benefits statements just like a lot of people don't carefully review their financial statements, their credit card statements that might alert them to something.    I want to follow up on something Mr. Lipinski started this conversation about the psychological aspects and ask you, Mr. Schneider, in your testimony you say this is--put a picture in my mind here like the lion in the wild who stalks a watering hole for unsuspecting prey, cyber criminals lie in wait on legitimate websites that they previously compromised and used to infect visitors. Most of these attacks rely on social engineering, simply put, trying to trick people into doing something that they would never do if fully cognizant of their actions. For this reason, we often say that the most successful attacks are as much psychology as they are technology. So now I'm going to have this lion--this vision of a lion waiting and maybe that'll help stop me from clicking on things that I shouldn't click on.    But Mr. Schneider, could you talk a little bit about whether do we need to fund more behavioral or social science research? Do we need to do a better job educating people about those risks and how to identify them? How do we get in--are we adequately addressing that psychological aspect? Because when we talk about the risk, and I think Mr. Casado, you--Dr. Casado, you brought this issue up as well that we have to do more to prevent that. So Dr. Casado or Mr. Schneider, could you address that, please?    Ms. Bonamici. Dr. Casado, what's your thought on that?    Ms. Bonamici. It's now on record.    Ms. Bonamici. Can you just both real quickly--I'm almost out of time but I also serve on the Education and Workforce Committee. Where--what are we going to do in terms of educating the next generation and the workforce to make sure that we are getting a step ahead?    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. My time is expired. I yield back. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, and I now recognize Mr. Palmer, and actually, Dr. Casado, we'll have to work on that birthday if you want to let your sister know right now what the day is.