    Mr. Hughes. Good afternoon, Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, Chairman Goodlatte, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you to discuss recent enhancements to the Secret Service policies and procedures that address allegations of employee misconduct.    The Secret Service must address allegations of employee misconduct aggressively, fairly, and consistently. Any employee, regardless of rank or position, who violates our standards of conduct to include the failure to report misconduct will be held accountable.    Secret Service employees take great pride in successfully carrying out the vital mission of our agency on a daily basis around the world. Unfortunately, the successes of the many have been overshadowed by the unacceptable failures of the few, resulting in significant changes to the way in which the Secret Service adjudicates allegations of employee misconduct.    In May 2012, the Secret Service established the Professional Reinforcement Working Group, or the PRWG. This group, co-chaired by former OPM Director John Berry and Director Connie Patrick of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, affirmed many existing Secret Service practices and identified enhancements that could be implemented to further support the workforce. The Secret Service accepted these recommendations, and all of them have since been fully implemented.    Additionally, the DHS OIG issued a report in December of 2013 stating that it did not find evidence that misconduct is widespread in the Secret Service. However, the report contained a number of recommendations for the agency, some of which paralleled those of the PRWG, and all were fully implemented by April of 2014.    Several recommendations focused on establishing a robust disciplinary process grounded on transparency, consistency, and fairness. They also led to the establishment of an Office of Integrity, a new set of disciplinary policies and procedures, and the development of a Table of Penalties which identifies specific actions that constitute misconduct, along with a range of potential discipline.    As the process now stands, outside of a limited number of minor violations, allegations are required to be reported through the chain of command to the Office of Professional Responsibility, or the OPR. Under certain circumstances, including allegations that are criminal in nature or involve senior supervisory personnel, the agency must, pursuant to Department directives, refer the matter to the DHS OIG.    The OIG will then make a determination whether to accept the case for further investigation or refer the matter back to the OPR. Following either the OIG's declination of the referral or the completion of its investigation, the allegations are forwarded to the intake group chaired by the special agent in charge of the Secret Service Inspection Division.    Ultimately, substantiated allegations are presented to the Office of Integrity. Established in December of 2013, the Office of Integrity reports directly to the Office of the Deputy Director and oversees adherence to Secret Service code of conduct by impartially adjudicating employee misconduct in a fair, consistent, and timely manner. In accordance with the Table of Penalties and taking into consideration any mitigating factors such as the acceptance of responsibility or aggravating factors such as whether an employee holds a supervisory position, the Deputy Chief Integrity Officer will prepare a formal disciplinary proposal for presentation to the employee. Employees subject to disciplinary action are afforded certain procedural rights pursuant to Title 5 of the United States Code, regulations issued by OPM, and corresponding Secret Service disciplinary procedures. There is no doubt that the resulting process can take time and can be cumbersome. However, that system was put in place by Congress to protect the rights of the government employees, and we at the Secret Service must respect and operate within that framework.    The foundation of this discipline process is strong. Standards of conduct will, however, need to be periodically reinforced and in some instances adjusted, and the consequences for failing to meet them will need to be clearly communicated. These functions are core responsibilities of the Office of Integrity.    For instance, following the March 4 incident, Director Clancy, in coordination with my office, issued an official message to all Secret Service employees making clear that they are required to report through their chain of command any activities that violate the Secret Service standards of conduct.    Secret Service employees are provided with a number of avenues to report misconduct, including the ombudsman, the OPR, Inspection Division, the DHS OIG, or the U.S. Office of Special Counsel. Those who fail to properly report misconduct will be held accountable.    In summary, the Secret Service is committed to ensuring a strict code of professional conduct, a transparent process for administering discipline, and accountability regardless of rank or grade. While it is ultimately the individual responsibility of employees to adhere to the standards of conduct, the Secret Service understands that it must provide its employees with clear, comprehensive policies, and mechanisms to reinforce them. When misconduct is found to have occurred, there should be no doubt that there is a mechanism in place to deal with it swiftly, fairly, and consistently.    Chairman Sensenbrenner, Ranking Member Jackson Lee, this concludes my testimony. I appreciate the opportunity to explain the Secret Service disciplinary policy and I welcome any questions you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Hughes. Congressman, we have approximately 100 to 120 cases that we provided formal discipline on.    Mr. Hughes. I don't have a solid number for you on that, sir.    Mr. Hughes. A majority of the cases that we provided formal discipline on were substantiated and were the allegations that came forward. The way the Office of Integrity works, our initial stage is an intake stage which evaluates the circumstances surrounding an allegation.    Mr. Hughes. Yes, sir. I can get that for you.    Mr. Hughes. That would be approximately 100.    Mr. Hughes. Two.    Mr. Hughes. None.    Mr. Hughes. No, sir.    Mr. Hughes. None. To the best of my knowledge, there were none, sir.    Mr. Hughes. I would be able to get that list for you. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hughes. No. Out of all the allegations and discipline that was brought forward, there were no--very limited criminal activities that were followed up on within the judicial system.