    Mr. Pocan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you to the witnesses for being here today.    First of all, Mr. Chairman, I think, you know, the Committee, the name we have for today's hearing is a little misnamed and misguided. I think right-to-work laws prohibit union fees as a condition of employment. But grievance fees, if deemed lawful, are not a condition of employment. Grievance fees are not an attack on right-to-work laws. So the hearing is misnamed.    In fact, I would argue that we should be talking about right to freeload, rather than right-to-work laws. Because that is what I see out of this, is really a right to freeload. In fact, Mr. Mix, in your written testimony you talk about this idea of someone getting in a cab. Well, this morning I got on the metro, all right? And I swiped my card to pay. If someone else decided the metro's already going where they are going to, why don't they just hop the fence and go in, I would consider that freeloading.    And that is exactly what I see by people not paying their fees; right? I mean, we know there are cheap people in society, right? They don't want to pay to get the benefits like the others. But really, it is more about freeloading more than anything else. And I think that is what is behind these right-to-work laws.    We just went through this fight in Wisconsin. So I am very familiar with it. In fact, one of the other things that in addition to the freeloading aspect of this, it is not just that you make less money and you get less benefits, but also it doesn't create jobs. And it is not just the anecdotal sort of this is what happens in Alabama. But this is Bureau of Labor Statistics.    And I am very sensitive to these because I got PolitiFact'ed on this. And I got a mostly true because I said Wisconsin was dead last in the Midwest for job creation. Technically, we are tied for dead last. Nebraska was, in this particular report, tied for second to last.    But right-to-work doesn't seem to be having that magical formula of creating additional jobs, at least according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, who actually counts the jobs, rather than anecdotes about individual states.    But the bottom line is people really do make less money. We know that. We know according to some studies you make $6,000. In other studies you make $7,000 less than states with right-to-work. And then I believe you make $4,000 less than the national average in right-to-work states.    So again, those are concrete numbers that show that you have a right to work for less in these states. But it doesn't necessarily benefit any people.    What I would like to do is that I would ask unanimous consent to enter into the record, I have got a list of 468 businesses in Wisconsin that oppose the right-to-work law that we just had.    Mr. Pocan. And the reason I raise this is just the conversation we just had. You know, we talked about the dozens of businesses who are coming to Alabama because they didn't have right-to-work laws. And yet, interestingly, in Wisconsin when we had this fight, some of the leading opposition to the right-to-work laws came from local business leaders, 468 businesses.    So Dr. Bruno, if I could just ask you that question specifically. You know, we know you are gonna make less, we know you are gonna get less benefits, we know you can freeload by being not able to, you know, pay anything when you are gonna benefit from something. But why would businesses be so strongly opposed to putting a right-to-work law in place? Why would that happen?    Mr. Pocan. I am glad you said that. Because, I mean, anecdotally, you know, Ameritrade may not trust their workers to collectively make some decisions. But a lot of these businesses do. You know, and I have a union shop, just for the record. And because I have people who stay long in the business, I don't have to retrain them. And because we have apprenticeship programs to make sure that people are highly trained so that I can get more business because they know that they are gonna get a better quality product. I just want to hear the anecdotal--I didn't want it to just be an anecdotal. I wanted to have it from your side.    Dr. Bruno, this freeloading argument. I mean, am I wrong to say, essentially you are freeloading if you are not paying a grievance fee and you are still getting a benefit? Isn't that like the example of the metro hopping over the turnstile?    Mr. Pocan. Yes.