    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to just follow up.    Mr. Hampton, I wonder--your comment about focusing on the understaffing and this private entity, I wonder if your staff specifically researched whether in Canada or in Great Britain they have looked at the understaffing problem, or if they have explored understaffing in relation to people not wanting to go to these tough, expensive areas like we have heard is a problem in the U.S. Have you all specifically studied that?    Ms. Titus. OK, thank you. Now I have another question.    Ms. Titus. This question is directed to Ms. Bristol and Mr. Rinaldi. And it is related to staffing, but it is more about the equipment and the ongoing efforts by the FAA to modernize the control towers.    Last week there was an article in the AP. It ran across the country and including in my district, in Las Vegas, and the article was entitled, ``Union: New Airport Towers Must be Remodeled Before Opening.'' In the article, Mr. Rinaldi, you specifically identified the new control tower in Las Vegas, saying it requires an overhaul before it can be operational.    I reached out to our local controllers, our safety engineers, and the FAA because I am concerned that this overdue project is now going to have to be delayed even further, due to a failure by the FAA, and I am also worried that people around the country are going to read that there might be a problem flying in to Las Vegas and not want to come there, and we certainly can't have that.    So, what I learned is that our controllers there were given a role and a responsibility in designing the system that is in place, and the tower in Las Vegas can operate with both the paper flight strips and an electronic system, once it is chosen to be put in place.    Now, I know there is a prototype that is being tested, and I think it is in Cleveland and in Phoenix, and you all are going to make that decision this summer. There may be concerns about that electronic system, that prototype. But I would ask Mr. Rinaldi if maybe this got framed in the wrong light in that article--it has been known to happen--by the press. I want to be able to figure out what is happening with our tower and reassure our potential visitors.    And then, Ms. Bristol, I would like to ask you to weigh in. I know we had a lot of problems with NextGen, but I want to know kind of what the plan is with these--this tower prototype, because I think your comment to the press was, ``Well, we will figure out what we need to do.'' That is not very reassuring.    So could the two of you address that article and let me know what is going on?    Ms. Titus. So it is not going to be delayed, and it is not a problem of safety for people flying into Las Vegas.    Ms. Titus. OK, that is----    Ms. Titus. OK, thank you.    Ms. Titus. And are you listening to the air traffic controllers as you look at that prototype with any problems that they may have with it?    Ms. Titus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.