    Mr. Huerta. Good morning, Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and members of the House Education and Workforce Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you this morning.    My presentation this morning will focus on many of the claims promoted by many voucher advocates followed by a discussion of assumptions linked to these claims, and more importantly, the evidence that provides facts that dispel the many claims, some of which we have already heard.    I will focus on issues of achievement, as well as less discussed issues linked to the supply side response and potential pitfalls that have not been considered by policy makers as voucher and tuition tax credit programs go to scale.    The first claim that we often hear is that private schools are more cost effective and efficient in educating all students compared to public schools. This claim equates private school tuition often with the cost of actually educating students, and assumes that private schools can actually educate all students, including special ed, limited English proficient, and other students with higher needs, more cost effectively than public schools.    The claim fails to acknowledge that the cost differentials including services provided and types of students that are served are important in fully accounting for the real cost of voucher and tuition tax credit programs.    Measuring the cost effectiveness of private schools must also weigh the quality amount of services provided to all students, including the number and types of students, church subsidies and endowments that are provided that are not accounted for in public accounting, low cost facilities and low wage teachers. We know teachers in private schools usually earn about 20 to 25 percent less than public schools. The administrative and financial burdens of operating these choice programs which fall on the state.    In addition, measuring efficiency must also weigh the challenges of taking voucher and tuition tax credit programs to scale. Increased demand for private schooling will require participating private schools to actually address the needs of all students with diversities, and provide services equivalent to the public school systems, which could essentially address some of these cost differentials.    The next claim that we often hear is voucher and tuition tax credit programs will enhance school choice by making private school tuition more affordable and increasing access for all students.    This claim assumes that voucher and tuition tax credit programs offer an adequate economic incentive to offset the cost of private school tuition for all families. This claim fails to acknowledge that the expansion of private school choice is more dependent on a criteria schools use in choosing students and less dependent on giving parents the ability to choose schools.    Private school tuition rates are not regulated by states, nor do states actually collect accurate information on private school tuition rates. Without an accurate account of actual tuition costs, parents are not informed of additional costs they must bear. The scholarship amounts may result in only partial payment in some cases, which will threaten the guarantee that is linked to most state constitutions, to provide a free and public education.    Another issue that is seldom not talked about is tuition elasticity, which is dependent on which private schools participate, the subsidy amounts, and the types of students that private schools actually serve.    Because states do not regulate tuition prices, families that use the benefit to enter private schools today may not have sufficient residual income to pay for tuition later.    Another issue is supply side response, which is seldom accounted for, and that is specifically the extent of open seats that are available and how open seats should become made available as we go to scale.    The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops has been very active in lobbying for tuition subsidies, and it is also realistic in acknowledging that a much larger benefit is needed to entice families to exit public schools. There have been estimates by the Minnesota Catholic Conference that for them to actually increase the supply of empty seats, they would have to have a subsidy in the amount of $14,000 to $16,000 to actually increase capital improvements.    I am going to switch to academic achievement issues, which has already been mentioned. The claim is that private schools are more effective than public schools in addressing students' academic needs and improving students' educational outcomes.    This claim assumes that private schools are more effective in serving the educational needs of all students, including special ed, English language learners, and other students.    Evidence of voucher program effectiveness remains uncertain, and with inconsistent effects on student academic growth, and thus, these results should be interpreted with high caution.    For example, an analysis of voucher studies completed prior to 2009 by C.E. Rouse, professor at Princeton, concluded that research on vouchers finds relatively small achievement gains for voucher students, most of which are not statistically different than zero, and secondary effects on remaining public schools, such as competition, are not positive.    Voucher advocates continue to cite the so-called ``gold standard studies'' promoted by the Friedman Foundation. Remember, the Friedman Foundation is a voucher advocacy group, irresponsibly failing to acknowledge that many limitations that the very authors of these studies warn against in their research have not been posted on their Web site.    Specifically, the studies promoted by the Friedman Foundation failed to report inconsistent findings across these so-called gold standard studies. For example, some of the studies reflect positive gains for some students but not across all grade levels that received the voucher treatment. Some studies that reflect positive impacts do not include all voucher students, leaving out a significant portion of the sample. Also, most positive effects are isolated to a specific grade level and to a specific student characteristic, and seldom in both reading and math, and across all grade levels.    In other words, results are haphazard, inconsistent, and some of the very authors that are cited in these so-called gold standard studies actually worry about these inconsistent results that should not be used to inform policy decisions.    We already heard the most recent findings from the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program where there was no conclusive evidence of the students that participated after 5 years, and we have also heard about the Louisiana study that recently came out, where we actually see some negative effects on students that actually took on vouchers.    Lastly, Lubienski & Lubienski, and Chris Lubienski has testified before this committee, looked at a study that has looked at public versus traditional school achievement, has indicated that when we control for specific characteristics, that public schools in general outperform kids that are in private schools.    I will provide more recommendations in the question and answer session. Thank you for your time.    Mr. Huerta. First, let me talk about the general numbers we know about, looking at public school student performance versus private school student performance.    The study by Lubienski that I cited using 2003 NAEP, National Assessment of Educational Progress Scores, which public and private school students are assessed on this, clearly indicated--this is only looking at 4th grade students--that students in public schools once controlled for specific characteristics, and this study used individual characteristics such as whether families were reading to their kids at night, and these are characteristics that were not used in previous studies, but the evidence clearly showed that kids in public schools outscored kids that were in private schools.    Now, it is also important to note that public schools are not failing at large. Certainly, there is a crisis in some of our urban areas where we have some failing schools, but I think it is very important to just remind ourselves that public schools are not failing, which is where the majority of our students are in the United States.    With regards to the evidence, just building a little bit more on what I talked about in my testimony, that when it comes to vouchers specifically, we continue to hear advocates talk about these so-called ``gold standard studies.''    A new study that is just coming out from Lubienski, who I have mentioned already, will be looking point by point to all the 12 or 13 so-called ``gold standard studies.'' I already made some of the points earlier with regard to the uneven impact that we have seen that has been claimed as positive impact by many voucher advocates in a lot of these studies.    The interesting part about these so-called ``13 studies'' is the very authors of these studies, the majority of them, actually explicitly warn policy makers in using this data to extrapolate and to make any sort of policy decisions because of the unevenness, yet the Friedman Foundation has taken the liberty to use some of this evidence without acknowledging these very important caveats and warnings that these very authors have actually talked about.    Mr. Huerta. I am sorry, Mr. Scott.    Mr. Huerta. I do not have the exact numbers. It varies by state. There are some states that actually require that kids have actually been enrolled in public schools prior. There are some states that actually allow students to take a voucher even though they have not been previously in private schools. I am sorry, I do not have the exact numbers.    Mr. Huerta. Private schools have the opportunity to accept whomever they want. I think that is very important when I talk about the supply side, this is something that is seldom talked about. Certainly, parents are provided a choice when we expand school choice policies, but we have to acknowledge and remember that states do not have the ability to compel private schools to accept all students.    So, sometimes simply providing students or families a choice, it could be a false choice if there are not any choices available to them.    Mr. Huerta. I think the choice is limited, and I think one of the things we have seen in places like Milwaukee and especially we are seeing this in Louisiana, one of the newest voucher programs, is that the majority of voucher schools that choose to accept students are the lower quality and not the long-standing private schools.    Certainly, we have a lot of parochial schools which have lower tuitions that are taking on some of these students, but these are the very schools that themselves are now being challenged as the demand has increased on whether the actual voucher amount is sufficient to continue to actually provide services for a more diverse group of students.    In Milwaukee where we see a voucher amount, I think, in the amount of $8,500, and as I mentioned, in Minnesota, the amount needed to actually increase capital facilities in these places is much higher. We are talking in the range of $14,000 to $15,000 in quality private schools.    Mr. Huerta. Would you like me to respond?    Mr. Huerta. I think it is for obvious reasons that I sort of stated earlier, and that is we know that private schools are often not educating the diverse groups of students that public schools are responsible for serving. That could make a real difference in the classroom environment, and a variety of other factors within schools.    Can I actually reply to your earlier question?    Mr. Huerta. Mr. Pocan, I do not think Wisconsin is an anomaly. Wisconsin is the longest--Milwaukee is the longest standing voucher program that we have, and it is one of the larger programs.    The issues that you described in detail are being reported in many of the other voucher programs that we have in places like Cleveland and already in Louisiana we are already seeing some of these issues coming forth.    I think you are certainly not an anomaly. If I can actually answer your question with sort of a broader statement that was brought up in the earlier exchange with regard to what the Federal Government can do to begin to address some of these issues, and I think the government needs to ask themselves whether placing the responsibility of educating students is wise, and placing that responsibility on private schools, and we have to remember that equity is not a market value. Private schools are market entities. Equity is not a market value of private schools.    When we talk about issues around accountability and so forth, voucher and tuition tax credit programs threaten public authority and the ability of states to actually ensure that a uniform ed system actually advances equity and social cohesion, and the Democratic citizenship of all students.    When the state does not have the ability to hold private schools to account, we are not able to guarantee that those values are actually engrained in our students.    Mr. Huerta. This is a number that varies again state by state, but we know that private schools accept substantially fewer students with English language needs, as well as students with special education needs. On the latter, private schools are not required to provide special education to their students. That is very important to consider.    Even though there are some special ed vouchers that exist in several states, voucher schools that accept these students are not in any way compelled or held accountable to actually provide the same special ed quality services that would have otherwise been provided in a public school.    Mr. Huerta. I think we see across states many examples that choice has actually increased choices for families, but as I indicated, the evidence is quite mixed with regard to the issues of quality.    If you are asking me whether choice has increased quality overall--    Mr. Huerta. The facts are clear it does not. We see some level evidence that students are performing about the same and then we see some very compelling evidence that shows kids in some of the privatization mechanisms are actually not faring as well.    As a mechanism for improvement compared to what we see where the majority of kids are, it is a system that has actually not shown sufficient evidence.    Mr. Huerta. Thank you for your question. There are some private schools nationwide that do provide some special ed services. Private schools in general are not required by the states to provide the same level and quality of special ed services that public schools are, including not having to hire certified teachers that have been certified in special education. I think that is very important to remember.    In states like Florida where there has been a long-standing special ed voucher, when a parent chooses to use that special ed voucher and go to a private school, they are also surrendering the right that is provided to them by the federal funding for special education.    Mr. Huerta. I think it would have the same effect as it would in urban places. There are states that allow some public monies to flow to private schools where there are not enough public schools available, including resources for books and transportation and a variety of other things.    The effect on the economies of scale in public schools when public money is diverted to private schools is similar. There might be a larger impact actually in some of these rural areas because the fact is the public schools still have to serve the remaining kids even when they lose a small proportion of them, and that might have a very strong and negative impact on the finances of public schools.    Mr. Huerta. I will answer the second part of your question, Mr. Hinojosa, first, and that is I am not familiar with evidence that has that direct impact on Native American students.    With regard to the first part of your question, we know that vouchers and tuition tax credit programs are serving kids that come from very diverse income brackets. One of the interesting pieces in the research that I have actually been looking into is the extent to which we begin to identify kids from different thresholds, because often times, we will measure the impact that vouchers might have on kids, for example, for kids that are under the poverty line, but we treat all those kids under that poverty line as one monolithic block, and I think it is important to begin to be able to disentangle that because we see some evidence that some of the low income families that are choosing are the ones that are right below that threshold, and those are families that are very different than the kids who come from families that are much lower than that threshold.    I want to briefly talk about the issue around accountability and specifically the Wisconsin piece that was just brought up. In the case that was mentioned by Mr. Robinson, it is important to remember that one of the reasons that the lawyers from the Federal Government that were actually investigating what was happening in Wisconsin had to make the conclusion they made was because schools in Wisconsin are not responsible or not compelled to actually collect a lot of the data that they were actually trying to analyze, specific to the types of kids they are serving, whether kids with IEPs' needs were being served or not.    The Feds had to actually throw their hands up somewhat because they did not have the data, because the state does not require these private schools to collect or report that data.    Mr. Huerta. I will expound on the general context here, and I think it is important to remind everybody that the voucher and tuition tax credit programs actually contest the common school model and erode the ability of the state to be the equalizer when it is needed.    It erodes the ability of the state to actually uphold and advance equity and social cohesion, Democratic goals of schooling, and these are values that have been long held in education. These tenets are actually echoed, and we talked about civil rights today a little bit, these are tenets that are basic tenets that were in Brown v. Board, when the court stated that education was important, and the court at that point said ``Education is important to our Democratic society as required in the performance of our most basic public responsibilities, and it is the foundation of good citizenship.''    My concern from what the research tells us is that as we shift responsibility to educating our students to the private sector where equity is not a value, that we are moving further and further away from the tenets of Brown v. Board.    Mr. Huerta. If students of color are denied access because private schools have the ability to choose, then yes, there will be adverse effects.    Mr. Huerta. A couple of mechanisms that I think can equalize this process. The vouchers have to be a much larger amount. There has to be greater accountability on schools that are accepting vouchers.    One of the new trends that we see in some of the recent legislation is the requirement to actually take either a state assessment or a nationally normed referenced test, but it is important that most of the states who are requiring these tests have no consequences linked to taking a test. Simply requiring a test does not equate to accountability.    There is a mechanism around the access to free and accurate information, which is something that is actually left out of most legislation at the state level, and that is the degree to which parents are provided the information needed to actually make these choices.    There is the issue of access, to compelling private schools to actually guarantee access to all students.    There are mechanisms that can make this process more Democratic. However, the folks who are supporting more privatization want to preserve the right of private schools to not be held accountable by the state.