    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the panelists for your testimony today. And I also want to thank the previous panel made up of Members of the House. I appreciate the interest and engagement on these issues.    The hearing announcement is described as--and I quote--``Protecting the Safety Net from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse.'' And I appreciate very much, Mr. Chairman, the titling of the hearing today.    I think these are all noble goals. I don't think any of us, whether Democrat or Republican, wants to see waste, fraud, and abuse taking place in crucial social programs like Supplemental Security Income or Unemployment Insurance.    Frankly, I would like to see more hearings begin with protecting the safety net. Maybe we can start by protecting it from budget cuts and sequestration to start.    But back to waste, fraud, and abuse, as I said, this is something that we all, if we don't agree on, we all certainly should agree on. But how we approach this problem makes an important difference. For example, look at Social Security. The Social Security inspector general's office of investigations supports the front line investigators fighting Social Security fraud. But in 3 of the past 5 years, the majority has cut the inspector general's budget. That means we lost experienced investigators and now have fewer people helping to fight fraud than we did 5 years ago.    In other cases, programs haven't been updated as needed, which would reduce the rate of overpayments. So in some ways, we are limiting our ability to fight fraud and abuse. Beyond that, I want to make sure we all understand what we are talking about when we say fraud and abuse. Not every overpayment is fraud. And not every unusual circumstance is abuse. These are important programs that can make the difference between supporting a family and falling further behind in poverty. These benefits are needed and not enjoyed. They are appreciated, not savored. Somehow, over the years, there has become this legend of people who would rather receive unemployment benefits than work, that somehow they are content to live happily off these government funds without facing any hardship. These kinds of myths do a disservice to the hard-working Americans who lost their jobs through no fault of their own and rely on these funds to make ends meet. Ms. Vallas, let me ask you to clarify, what is the average unemployment benefit per month?    Mr. CROWLEY. And what is the Federal poverty level for a family of three?    Mr. CROWLEY. So, in other words, the unemployment benefits don't even keep a family above the poverty level, is that correct?    Mr. CROWLEY. So all these mythical people who are abusing the program, who are gaming the system and committing fraud, which is an actual crime with actual penalties, they are still not even meeting the basic poverty level, is that correct?    Mr. CROWLEY. What about disability insurance? How much of a windfall is that? How much per month?    Mr. CROWLEY. Can you tell us more about the people who receive disability benefits? How many live in poverty even with the benefits provided by the Federal Government?    Mr. CROWLEY. And these are people with severe, life-changing disabilities or illnesses, is that correct?    Mr. CROWLEY. Thank you. I know some have tried to dismiss these conditions as just anxiety and backaches. And that simply isn't the case. Yes, fraud and abuse happens. Our Founding Fathers recognized the propensity in human nature. And we should make sure we are giving our agencies the tools they need and have asked for to fight real incidents of fraud and abuse and I would also add waste. I just want to make sure that we all understand this. Because as we focus on reducing real fraud and abuse, let's make sure we are not putting additional hurdles in the way of benefiting the people who need these benefits to help them survive.    Going back to my initial statement about protecting the safety net, that is also critical, protecting the safety net, while at the same time addressing and going after those who would abuse it, going after those who would commit fraud. They need to be fully prosecuted to the full extent of the law. But not losing sight of the millions of individuals and their families who rely upon this to eke by, not to get rich off the Government, but to simply make ends meet if they can possibly do that. They certainly can't do that in Woodside, Queens on this level of payment. So with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.