    Mrs. Comstock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank you for convening this hearing, and it's been very interesting for me to hear some of the highlights from my other colleagues.    I wanted to call attention to a decision by the EPA a few years ago that would have had a detrimental impact on Fairfax County, which is a significant part of my district. In 2011, the EPA attempted to regulate water by considering the stormwater runoff from a local creek as a pollutant, so the EPA was--you're going to regulate the stormwater runoff, and when this new regulation was first released, officials from Virginia Department of Transportation estimated the cost of compliance would have been $70 million for the commonwealth. It would have had to do a lot of structural purchases and new management structures. In addition, Fairfax County officials said they would have to adopt costly and impractical new standards to reduce stormwater runoff, which would have at least cost the county $300 million and up to $500 million according to our county officials. So I can imagine $500 million is a pretty huge budget in a county budget. Just to give you an idea, our school budget in 2012 around this time frame was $2.2 billion, so that would have been almost a quarter of the school budget that would have been required to divert to these regulations.    In this instance, and I would like to highlight, it was a Democrat-controlled county. I think only a couple of supervisors who are even Republican there. But they teamed up with our then-Republican, an arch conservative attorney general, and you know, at the time, the Democrat chairman said, you know, a lot of people were scratching their heads over that but she said we're willing to spend money to protect our watersheds, our drinking water and the Chesapeake Bay but we want to make sure the money is well spent. In this case, she said the EPA's rule would've done nothing to help the environment because they were already doing things that were going to work better than the rules that were going to cost us up to $500 million.    Fortunately in that lawsuit, we did prevail. Fairfax County prevailed, the state prevailed, and I appreciate that the EPA did not decide to appeal that case. But, you know, in sitting and listening here today, we're hearing so many times where this is costing our local communities. I mean, while I appreciate my county didn't have to spend $300 to $500 million and cut into budget and muscle and firefighters and police and all those other things, they certainly did have to cut into their budgets to take those lawsuits as did the state, certainly a lot less than $300 to $500 million.    But when you have things like this, and fortunately, it was Fairfax County who did this, who had the resources to bring that lawsuit. You know, another county might not have those kind of resources. I mean, do you look at that kind of impact and the economic impact when you're doing this, and what would you tell a county when it was going to cost them $500 million but didn't have the resources to sue the EPA and prevail the way they did?    Mrs. Comstock. Well, in this case, the judge said you are overreaching your authority, and I think the fact that EPA did not appeal probably was a recognition of that, but unfortunately, not everyone can take those actions. So this kind of overreaching, you know, what does the county that can't afford to deal with your overreaching to do?    Mrs. Comstock. Well, I certainly think these kind of costs, and I think all of my colleagues have highlighted these very well, have a dramatic impact on local budgets and oftentimes local budgets--and we're talking schools. When you're talking a county and you come in and do that, you're talking about cutting our schools, unless you have any ideas. I mean, when half of a county's budget, sometimes more--you know, in Loudoun County, it's higher than half. So if you'd gone in and done the same in that county, it would have cut even more.    So I'd like you to, when you're looking at these things, understand the limited budgets you're dealing with. It's asking our firefighters, our teachers, our local officials to say we're going to cut you for something that our local Democrat chairman of the board of supervisors said did nothing to help the environment. Nothing. That's a big cost to do nothing to help the environment when we already had some very good practices in place.    Thank you, and I yield back.