    Mr. Rigell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and I am delighted to be here. And like some of the other members, my preference would have been, of course, to have been here from the very beginning, but the schedule just didn't permit that. So if what I ask, if there is a bit of redundancy here, I apologize in advance for it. But this is an important topic and I thank you both for being here and for your service. I do.    I was raised by a NASA engineer, and so this idea of how we view the Federal employee to me is very important, I see as fellow Americans trying to do the right thing. Now, that said, we are in a tough spot here with the IRS on multiple levels. And I would like to draw your attention, Inspector George, to the first, really the first contact that a taxpayer can have with the IRS, and a hardworking American trying to get it right, trying to pay his or her taxes, trying to get guidance on this. And you know where I am going with this. The trends are just not good in terms of response time. We are heading in the wrong direction, and it is a serious thing. You get to where you are on hold for 30 minutes. This is very discouraging, and it does breed a lack of confidence, if not contempt, you know, for the agency. So if you would, in a concise way as you can, try to explain, to help me to understand why that is the case, and we will see where we are going with the follow-up question.    Mr. Rigell. Okay, I thought so. Let me ask you this: This is something that I think is really important here. And I don't go to work every day at the IRS, clearly. But it seems like there is this consistent pattern of it is always more money. Now, if you could provide some objective metric, some table that shows, you know, cost per call, the number of applications or tax returns that have been filed on the ratio of the number of IRS employees, for example; you could show some linkage here, I would be more open to the argument. But what has to happen certainly in the private sector, and I think it must happen in the public sector, is this belief that productivity and increased customer service are not mutually exclusive. And if the leaders themselves don't believe that, then there is no way the organization is going to move in that direction. So if you would, please, address that whole mindset that it is not always more resources. Help me to understand your view on that.    Mr. Rigell. Okay, thank you for your patience and saying it to me.    Mr. Rigell. All right.    Mr. Rigell. Right.    Mr. Rigell. There you go. For the record. Okay.    Mr. Rigell. The numbers don't surprise me. And let me pivot back though for a moment, because I know you are trying to answer my question. But I think we passed each other on this. Because what I was seeking clarification on is the culture, the ethos, the mindset of the senior leadership within the IRS, that productivity and increased customer service to the taxpayer are not mutually exclusive. That is, that with the same number of staff or the same amount of resources, that if we maybe have a different workflow, we leverage technology, that we can have both, increased productivity. We can reduce the amount of time it takes to answer a call, which is now--well, less than half are being, you know, to where the taxpayer is actually speaking to the representative, and then they are on hold waiting for that for about 30 minutes. So I don't think you answered that part. And I don't see that my clock is winding down so I am not exactly sure how the time works here on the committee yet, but the chairman will remind me.    Mr. Rigell. I imagine.    Mr. Rigell. Please. That is really, to me, we are in an area and a time of increasing austerity, principally because healthcare cost, and that is just a whole other subject. But we are going to have compression on the rest of the budget into perpetuity because of mandatory spending, defense, transportation, education, and on agencies like the IRS. So this mindset of getting more and having higher productivity has got to be part of how we think.    Mr. Rigell. Ms. Olson, just out of respect for the Chairman, I think he is about to hit the button. But I just wanted to tell you, I thank you both. My parting thought is that this idea of increasing productivity and simultaneously increasing response rates, if the leaders themselves don't believe it, it will never happen. And so I just want to be sure that that message is dispersed to the extent that it can be. I thank the chairman, and yield back.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Commissioner, thank you for being here. I was struck by this cover of The Economist, where it refers to this ``Planet of the Phones.'' And, by 2020, 80 percent of adults will have a supercomputer in their pocket. I think we are all in agreement that the rate of change in technology is just stunning. It truly is exponential. I think it does stand in contrast to the testimony that you provide, the written testimony.    By the way, I sincerely appreciate your service to our country. That said, I really am troubled by what I read in here because it is just a litany of woes of funding. And what I think the disconnect that I see is the recognition that technology has allowed for such sharp increases in productivity. When we reference that inflation adjusted, we are going back to 1998 levels, yet we have a 23-percent increase in the amount of activity or returns filed, well, at first this sounds compelling. And you would have to pause at that moment.    But when you take into account the incredible increase in technology, seems to me that a 23-percent increase in the number of returns, for example, could easily be handled. And if a leader doesn't believe that change can take effect and be moved throughout an organization, it won't happen.    Mr. Rigell. And I question--and I think based on what I have read and what I am seeing here--your real belief that you can accomplish the IRS' essential mission within the budgetary constraints that we have as a country and the funding that you have now.    Mr. Rigell. We will try to help you get there. And I try not to approach every hearing like this in just a flatout confrontational adversarial way. My father retired from NASA, and I never saw someone work any harder than he did. So I don't start out with some disparaging comments about a Federal employee.    Now, the agency has got real issues. And I would suggest to you that, as I read your written testimony, and I certainly read about the specific IT improvements that you want to make, I just was left troubled--and I have shared this with you--that how you see the organization and your ability to transform it. A company that is in rough shape, like Ford Motor Company was so many years ago, Alan Mulally, I mean, came in there and just did what others didn't think could be done. I want you to be that person, but you need to be constructively disruptive in how you approach the leadership and really push the people in a good sense to let them know that they can do more with less. And this is needed, and this is expected by the American taxpayer.    Thank you for your testimony today.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you. And I thank the Chairman for letting us roll over a minute there.    Mr. Rigell. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Secretary Lew, thank you for being here. And this is really, I guess, principally one of my first hearings on this committee. It is an honor to serve on this committee.    I read the mission statement of the Treasury and that is certainly common ground. And let me pick up for just a moment on this, the issue of sequestration and its reversal, or at least, if not full, at least a substantive portion of it.    Just coming from my service on House Armed Services for 4 years, I have a clear understanding and our Joint Chiefs of Staff and all of our uniformed officers and, indeed, the President has said that this is going to hurt our military.    So you basically flipped it back to say it is exclusively--you may not have used that term, but it was certainly implied--that finding a way out of this is Congress' job. And I would submit that indeed we do have a lot of responsibility here, but I would say an equal one falls to the Administration. We don't need to go back and forth and rehash how we got here exactly, but I do recall--and I believe it has not been disputed--that sequestration, at least the mechanism itself, was offered by the administration. Of course, it became law as a result of some votes here in Congress.    But I am submitting to you that the Administration itself has a responsibility to lead in this area as well. And I would like to know what, if anything, is on the table from the Administration to provide even partial lift to it.    Mr. Rigell. Well, let's walk through that then. I think a lot of it comes down to just an assessment of risk and risk tolerance. The budget deficits that the Administration has built into its proposal to Congress are unacceptably high to me. And I would like to know what your working, your internal sense of risk is as it relates to a deficit as a percent of our gross domestic product and also our aggregate level of debt as a percent of our economy.    Mr. Rigell. Is that--and I just want to be clear--is it the 3 percent as a percent of the GDP?    Mr. Rigell. That is widely recognized by leading economists and----    Mr. Rigell. I have got about a minute left. And I appreciate your answer, and I am kind of wrestling with some of the things that you shared. Time doesn't permit me to go back and address all of them.    But for the longest time the President would say we need a balanced approach. And for a long while I was actually trying to help out with that and advocated for Republicans to move just a little bit on revenue. But so far as I can tell, in the last 4 years that I have served we have had about $1.8 trillion in tax increases, roughly a trillion dollars in the Affordable Care Act, or as I think of it, the un-Affordable Care Act, and about another $800 billion at the fiscal cliff.    Are you aware of any aggregate measure of any substance that meets the definition of balanced approach? That is, to me a balanced approach would mean nothing less than a one-to-one ratio of revenue to expense reductions. And I don't think we have met that standard any of the 4 years that I have been in office. Do you? Are you aware of anything? I only have a few seconds left.    Mr. Rigell. I agree with you. We are in strong agreement there.    Mr. Rigell. Secretary Lew, I thank you for your testimony. And I am going to look for some common ground here, and I mean that.    And I thank the chairman, and I yield back.    Thank you.