    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Weiss, if we rewrote the rules on Puerto Rico's sovereign debt now, what would that do to the sovereign debts of the 50 states? They borrow at much lower interest rates precisely because of the rules that are in place. Puerto Rico got lower interest rates to borrow precisely because of this assurance of stability. By rewriting the laws, you shatter that understanding of stability. And this calls into question every other sovereign debt.    I am afraid the credit markets are going to say, ``Well, wait a second. If they can do that to the Puerto Rican debt, they can do that for California, Illinois, and New York,'' and markets will respond to that by assessing this additional risk and increasing interest costs to reflect that risk. That could sink a state like California, for example, that is carrying enormous debt right now.    In fact, the governors of Alabama, Arizona, Maine, New Mexico, Nebraska, and North Dakota wrote a letter to this effect just this past month. They said, ``Of most concern to us as governors, granting Puerto Rico such unprecedented bankruptcy authority would likely raise the borrowing costs of our states, reducing our ability to invest in vital services and eroding investor confidence in the whole notion of full faith and credit debt.''    Indeed, the National Governors Association has already warned against this in 2011, noting that states should not be given the right to declare bankruptcy themselves because the result in market volatility would raise the cost of state governments precipitously.    Now, I realize we are not talking about Chapter 9 bankruptcy, per se, but the same principle applies to rewriting the rules after they have been agreed to and loans have been made under those rules. What is your response to that?    Mr. McClintock. But if you do not share that concern that has been expressed by many other governors, it is being expressed universally throughout the credit markets, that is a reflection on the bad advice and thinking that is going on in Treasury right now, and that is even a bigger concern.    Mr. McClintock. With all due respect, that is precisely the opposite of what the investors are saying, and they are the ones that will be charging the interest costs to every other state in the country.    As a result of this action that you are proposing, I am concerned that we are going to see a rapid escalation of borrowing costs for the states that right now enjoy the understanding that there is a stability to the rules under which they are making these loans.    Mr. McClintock. But the principle remains and the principle adheres to the sovereign debts of every one of the 50 states, which you would be directly undermining by this reckless----    Mr. McClintock . Policy. Let me go on. Puerto Rico seems to me to be a poster child for a heavily regulated and government-managed economy and Keynesian deficit stimulus spending. It has a bloated government workforce, and all of these policies have been a complete and unmitigated disaster for the economy of Puerto Rico. It seems to me the economy does not need more regulation in government management, it needs less.    It seems to me that this is an opportunity to make Puerto Rico an enterprise zone, to dramatically reduce the tax and regulatory burdens, and turn Puerto Rico into a Hong Kong of the Caribbean. That means providing relief from the Federal corporate tax rates, getting rid of the capital gains taxes on investment in Puerto Rico, a FICA holiday, energy de-regulation, obviously exemption from the Jones Act to spur maritime commerce, and relief from the minimum wage to spur hiring.    Puerto Rico is a cruise ship destination, for heaven's sake. It is one of the most beautiful parts of the world. They have the most fertile soil and climate imaginable. They have access to Atlantic shipping and trade. The only thing they lack is wise public policy. If we were to make these changes, wouldn't we be likely to see rapid recapitalization of the economy, as corporations around the world assess these changes and realize they can enjoy both a free market and live in an island paradise?    Mr. McClintock. Administer them as the current rules provide.    The Chairman. I am sorry, everyone owes me 5 seconds now.    Mr. Serrano, our rules say we have to have the committee first, but I am going to let you go before I do. But let me finish the rest of this committee first, if possible.    Mr. Gohmert.