    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Madam General, for testifying today.    And I want to talk a little bit about the mortgage settlements. And, you know, in 2013 activist groups met with then Deputy Attorney General Tony West and urged him to, in my opinion, create a slush fund to fund their activities in connection with the JPMorgan Chase settlement. Then in 2014 the same groups came back to the Deputy Attorney General and in connection with the Citi and Wells Fargo settlements really pushed and accomplished mandatory donations to activist groups, specifically IAF, with enhanced credits for donations to those groups. And I wondered if you could comment on whether you think that those discussions occurred, number one, and if they did, why?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, with respect to those settlements involving residential mortgage-backed securities frauds, they are an important part of the Department's work to not only protect the American people, but provide relief from the financial crisis and the housing crisis that has occurred from 2008 on.    In connection with your specific question, I'm not aware of the meetings that you were talking about. I was not involved in them. But what I can tell you as a former U.S. attorney who was involved in the settlements of two of those matters, negotiations were between the banks and the governments, and that is certainly how those matters were handled and how they were resolved.    With respect to the consumer relief portions of those settlements, the money there comes from the banks, and it is specifically designed in the wake of the widespread and detailed admissions of wrongdoing on the part of the banks that led to thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of homeowners losing not only their homes, but the value of their homes and their savings.    We also instituted consumer relief to provide direct relief to people that went above and beyond the statutory penalties of the FIRREA statute under which these cases were brought. Where banks are able to provide, for example, one of the main forms of relief is principal reduction.    Mr. Trott. Right.    Attorney General Lynch. Where there are other entities involved, the banks would make a selection and they would have to be of an entity from a pre-approved HUD list that focuses specifically on relief, for example foreclosure relief, to homeowners.    Mr. Trott. No, I understand how the settlements and the money in connection with the settlements was supposed to be used. What I'm concerned about is IAF, which is specifically an activist group which focuses on community organizing, got tens of millions of dollars with the intent, I believe, of training high school students about the importance of debt management and financial management. And I can't for the life of me understand why that, if you're really looking at trying to curtail future mortgage defaults, why that money wasn't given to the Mortgage Bankers of America or the different State bar associations that were doing very good work in terms of loan modifications, and instead it went to some group that had a different agenda, in my opinion, unrelated to mortgage default activity.    And then I guess the larger question is, how are we doing on the discovery with respect to what really happened in connection with these settlements?    Attorney General Lynch. Can you be more specific about that?    Mr. Trott. Eleven months ago this Committee asked for the e-mails relating to discussions between DOJ and outside groups as it relates to mandatory donations to these activist groups. That was 11 months ago. And you're a former and very accomplished prosecutor. I mean, how would you feel if a corporation took 11 months to send you 10 e-mails? What would you do?    Attorney General Lynch. It would depend on the context of the request, the discovery, and any negotiations. I'm not able to comment on that.    Mr. Trott. Is 11 months a good turn time for discovery?    Attorney General Lynch. It depends totally on the facts of the specific circumstances.    Mr. Trott. Let's move in my last minute here to sanctuary cities for just a moment. So earlier today Chairman Smith asked you about the Immigration Reform Act of 1996 which bars State and local governments from prohibiting their officials from communicating information regarding immigration status to DHS. And your response to Chairman Smith's question was that we're talking with the different jurisdictions about their compliance with this act. So what are you talking with them about?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, I don't believe that that was my specific response. I would have to go back and look at that response.    What I can tell you is that I believe my response was that I was not familiar enough with the specific statutory terms that we were discussing to provide a specific answer to this question and would be happy to look into that and provide information.    Mr. Trott. Sure. So let me focus--the section that Chairman Smith was referring to, he didn't reference it, but section 642(a), which specifically gives you the ability to enjoin jurisdictions from deciding not to comply with this act. Have you sought, other than talking with the jurisdictions, have you sought any enforcement actions or any injunctive relief to try and make sure the different cities that have decided to go rogue are following Federal law?    Mr. Trott. Thank you for your time today.    Attorney General Lynch. Thank you, sir.