    Mr. Huizenga. Right over here, Secretary Lew.    Mr. Huizenga. Sorry about that.    So, unfortunately, I have 5 minutes, not 15 minutes, so I am going to try and quickly and respectfully move through a number of things.    I, too, received the email at 11:18 last night and the answer to my questions on a few things from 3 months ago.    Congratulations. You were actually very clear on one of my questions regarding financial services trade negotiations. I asked for you to explain why Treasury continues to oppose including financial regulatory matters in TTIP. This is the most clear answer that I think I am aware of and I think the committee has seen. You say TTIP is not, however, an appropriate or necessary vehicle for addressing financial regulatory cooperation. You claim that it is already happening at the Financial Stability Board, international standards-setting bodies, and a number of others.    I disagree with the answer. I think it should be included. But I appreciate your clarity. However, it does lead me to another question, which has to do with local storage data requirements that many in Europe are starting to push.    And it is my understanding that the Administration has highlighted the free flow of information across the digital world as sort of a centerpiece of the negotiations for both TPP and TTIP, which is, again, a provision I fully support. I am confused as to what that difference without a distinction might be, as to why you are going to be doing that, since it is--it makes a tremendous amount of sense to have us negotiate with our partners in this if it is bad for American business. But, again, you exclude financial services.    And I am curious, is it the Administration's position that we are seeking to prohibit local storage requirements for everything except for financial services?    Mr. Huizenga. So you are willing to have the financial services sector treated differently than any other sector of the U.S economy in the trade negotiation?    Mr. Huizenga. We have the Europeans--    Mr. Huizenga. Yes, the Europeans would like to do it. And it seems very odd and, I think, a huge mistake.    Secondly, I do want to quickly move on to the IMF and Greece. Would you agree or acknowledge that the decision to bend the rules, shall we say, if not ignore the rules regarding Greece on the exceptional access framework, which was done with Treasury's concurrence, was a mistake?    Mr. Huizenga. So it was not a mistake?    Mr. Huizenga. Okay. But just so I am clear, it wasn't a mistake?    Mr. Huizenga. Okay. So now, looking back, do you think it was a mistake?    Mr. Huizenga. I will take ``no'' as your answer. That is fine. Because there is a discussion of putting those rules back in place at the IMF. That is something that the IMF board is interested in. And I am curious why the Administration, from my understanding, is opposed to that. Why?    Mr. Huizenga. So the rest of the IMF board, excluding us, wants to put those rules back in place because they believe that what happened with Greece was a mistake . But you--    Mr. Huizenga. I have had a number of conversations with folks from the IMF and involved with the IMF, and I am not sure that is an accurate portrayal--    Mr. Huizenga. We also have the temporary new arrangements to borrow. And I know that the Administration has been trying to use that as a reason to not necessarily go into IMF quota reform. But it seems to me, if we are not going to address this exceptional access framework--    Mr. Huizenga. I am happy to take a private meeting later about this, but--    Mr. Huizenga. --we can only get you up here twice a year, so--