    Mr. Mitchell. Well, we expect markets to admit all willing sellers and buyers. The exception helps to ensure livestock producers who cosign livestock will have the widest possible pool of potential buyers. Further, the United States Supreme Court held that the Packers and Stockyards Act makes stockyard market agencies public utilities with a duty to serve all impartially and without discrimination.    At the same time, the Act makes the responsibility of every stockyard owner to prescribe rules and regulations to require those persons engaging in the purchase, sale, or solicitation of livestock, to conduct their operations in a manner, which will foster, preserve, and ensure an efficient, comprehensive public market. GIPSA expects market agencies to take those reasonable steps to assure that those who bid on livestock have the financial ability to pay for the livestock and to assure that the market personnel and market participants behave appropriately.    Occasionally, a market may find it necessary to exclude a buyer because the individual has failed to pay for livestock. Even less frequently, a market may determine that a market participant's presence is disruptive to the conduct of business and act to exclude that individual. GIPSA has not addressed the statutory requirements through regulations. Rather, the agency has relied on the livestock markets to conduct their business fairly and with professionalism. In the rare instances where a problem arises, GIPSA would investigate a complaint that an individual has been unlawfully excluded from market and determine whether the actions of the market violate the Act.    Mr. Mitchell. Well, most of our work is done by our resident agents. Many years ago, we reduced the number of our offices from 13 down to three. So a lot of our agents are in a locale. They will have an entire state, they may have part of a state, or they may have several states. They do ride a circuit. It is not etched in stone on what year or what month they are going there, but they are on the ground. And they have to go on some of the information that they may pick up at other sales or from producers. And, of course, we have an 800 number hotline that comes in for people to call in that might get someone reviewed.    But it is fairly well at random. But when you have a facility that hasn't been reviewed in many years, they probably will be coming up for review very soon. We take it very seriously. We want to make sure that they are in business. Our livestock barns, they are rural for the most part, they are certainly local, they are small businesses, and they are just absolutely vital to ensuring that we do have price discovery within the market.    So, I don't have a formula for you on exactly when it is going to come up, but it has a lot to do with those folks that are on the ground out there.