    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman.    Mr. Lew, in October 2013, you went to the Senate Finance Committee and had a hearing concerning prioritization of payments. And you told them at the time that, and I am quoting: ``The systems are automated to pay because for 224 years the policy of Congress and every President has been to pay our bills.'' You went on to say it wouldn't be easy to pay some things and not others, they weren't designed that way, et cetera.    And then in May of 2014, you gave this chairman a letter saying something slightly different. You said, ``If the debt limit were not raised and assuming Treasury had sufficient cash on hand, the New York Fed systems would be technologically capable of continuing to make principal and interest payments while the Treasury was not making other kinds of payments.''    I will ask you, Mr. Lew, when did you come to learn the New York Fed was technologically capable of making the payments you set forth in your letter to the chairman of May 2014?    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Lew, that was a really good answer the first three times I have asked it. I asked you that same question, sir, in May of 2014, and you told me you would have to check. When you came back before us in March of 2015, you told me you had checked but you had forgotten it and you didn't remember it on that day, but you would look into it again. I sent you a set of written questions and asked you the exact same question. I got two pages with no answer in them.    So I am not going to ask you any more questions, Mr. Lew. I feel like I have given you enough chances to answer that question. My question was very straightforward, when did you know? It is an answer you should know. And if you don't know it, you are right, you should go back and be able to look it up. In fact, you told me one time you did go back and look it up and you knew it at one point but you had forgotten it before you got here.    Mr. Lynch asked you a question, sir, earlier today about whether or not you felt like your answers to this committee were disdainful, and you said that, no, you thought that they were reverent. And I kept waiting for the laughter after that, Mr. Lew.    I have asked you some really serious questions. We have asked you some really serious questions. By the way, the other questions I asked you, not the first time, go deeper. This not an empty question, Mr. Lew, this is not a question that was designed to just ``gotcha,'' to try and make you look bad so we would get on television. That is not the point. We are interested in answering the questions because of the market turmoil that always raises its head as we come up against the debt ceiling.    So in addition to the question I asked you about when you knew, I also asked you, ``In the event we reach the debt limit and exhaust extraordinary measures and Congress does not raise the debt limit, can the Treasury Department continue to make principal and interest payments on the debt, yes or no?'' You didn't answer that. You have had, by the way, 6 months to answer these questions.    I also went on and asked you, ``Will you commit that in the event we reach the debt limit and exhaust extraordinary measures and Congress does not raise the debt limit, the Treasury will continue to make principal and interest payments on the debt?'' You didn't answer that either.    What are we to infer from your refusal to answer now for a year-and-a-half these types of questions, that the answers--no, you had your chance. I did what very few people here did today; I let you go until you stopped. In fact, I was going to even go until I had a minute-and-a-half left. You had your chance. It is my turn.    We are interested in asking these questions because we are concerned about what happens in the markets. We would hope that the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States would be just as concerned. Your name is on the money, Mr. Lew. We have given you the chance to calm the markets. You have refused to do so. We have given you the chance to give this committee information. You have refused to do so.    One implication is that you don't want us to know the information we ask for because it is harmful to you or the Administration. And the other implication that we are completely within our rights to make is that the answers regarding payments are not being given to us because you want the chaos, because you think it is preferable to you and your Administration, this Administration, to have the chaos, that it will help you achieve politically what you want to achieve.    So I am done asking, Mr. Lew. All I will say is that when the chaos comes, it will not be on the shoulders of the people on this committee on either side of the aisle, it will be on you, because you have had the chance to calm the markets and refused to do so.    Mr. Mulvaney. No, sir. Not on my time.