    Mr. Yoder. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just listening to the testimony this morning, it is very disturbing. We are reading this article, reviewing it again over here. It is hard to read. And if the allegations in this are correct, it is a really sad testament to the programs that are being authorized by Congress.    Did Congress order these programs or are these programs that the USDA moved forward with based upon their own latitude, given their directives, or are these specific programs that Congress asked USDA to engage in?    Mr. Yoder. And I think we need to get to the bottom of that.    Mr. Yoder. And I appreciate the fact that we are all in agreement with the investigation.    The question that I asked: Were these programs authorized by Congress or are these programs that the USDA moved forward with based upon their own directives that they have the authority to engage in?    Mr. Yoder. Uh-huh.    Mr. Yoder. But the means of how that is carried out, that is sort of left to the USDA to determine. These specific programs weren't ordered by Congress. I am just trying----    Mr. Yoder . To figure out who decided to do these projects.    Mr. Yoder. Well, it sounds like Congress needs to be more engaged in this and maybe be more direct about what the public expects to happen with their tax dollars and particularly the livestock industries themselves. I can't imagine that they are fully consulted on all of this either.    So I look forward to engaging in an investigation and an understanding of the facts, and I know that is hopefully what the USDA wants as well. And we will get to the truth at some point.    I come from Kansas. And I grew up on my family's farm that we have owned for generations. Kansas is a pretty big wheat producer, number one in the country.    I am interested in our investment in wheat quality labs and, in particular, what the future holds for grain research. Kansas also produces corn and beans and many other grains.    And we also have a water challenge, as many parts of the country do, and I am interested in how research into grain can help resolve some of those concerns long term.    Mr. Yoder. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Yoder. Good K-Stater there.    Mr. Yoder. Great. Thank you for your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.