    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chair Matz, I want to continue along the lines of questioning from Mr. Williams over here regarding not just bonuses but some of the, what I would consider irregularities, in the NCUA's 2015 budget.    In the Office of Consumer Protection, pay and benefits for 2015 are $7.3 million, up 9 percent, I believe, or equal to $600,000, yet the office has only added 2 people. What accounts for this large budget increase?    Mr. Barr. Okay, if you could, that would be great.    And given the fact that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has now been with us for 4-plus years, how is this Office not duplicative of the mission of the Bureau?    Mr. Barr. But, obviously, the Bureau has--the Bureau's policies impact credit unions that have less assets than $10 billion. Do you agree?    Mr. Barr. Sure. And so my question is, why is an Office of Consumer Protection necessary within your agency?    Mr. Barr. How about the Office of Small Credit Union Initiatives? Your annual report says that half of all small credit unions shrank in 2014 with an average return on assets of just 4 basis points. Obviously, these institutions are struggling. Yet, your budget cuts the programming budget to offset a 5-percent pay increase for office staff, the overall budget is unchanged, so this appears to be a pure shift from programming to employee pay. Am I misinterpreting that, or is that accurate?    Mr. Barr. Okay. I think the credit unions would appreciate you looking at that because it may not be the right message to send, particularly to struggling credit unions.    Mr. Barr. Thank you. One other question on this, on the 2015 budget, for the Office of Human Resources, why does the NCUA need 44 human resources staff to service fewer than 1,300 employees? By my calculation, that HR-to-staff ratio is 1 to 30, which is 3 times higher than the average for a large company. So why such a robust HR division?    Mr. Barr. And yet.    Mr. Barr. Okay. No, I hear that, and yet also the HR office is spending $3 million on contracted services. So you have a very large staff plus you are contracting out.    Mr. Barr. Okay, let me shift really quickly to, again, this idea of the conflicting missions of the NCUA and the CFPB, and I will just take an example on payday lending. On page 24 of NCUA's annual report, that report mentions NCUA's effective payday alternative loans rule, under which Federal credit unions may charge up to 28 percent on short-term loans meeting certain conditions. The Bureau has proposed its own payday proposals that are widely expected to prohibit credit unions to continue to offer the product that your rules specifically permit. Can you address this apparent contradiction?    Mr. Barr. I understand the way it is written, and I understand--but as a matter of policy, okay, this is the policy of the government, on the one hand. One agency, the Bureau, accuses these providers of short-term credit as predatory on the one hand, and yet, you are offering the same products?    Mr. Barr. --or permitting the same product, rather?    Mr. Barr. I don't believe it is necessary--I am not saying it is predatory. I am just saying there is a conflict in how the Federal Government is treating these products.    Mr. Barr. I thank the chairman, and I yield back.