    Mr. King. Mr. Chairman? Can we ask the witness to speak into the microphone, please?    Mr. King. Thank you.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank all the witnesses for your perseverance here today, too. This is a relatively long hearing for us, and I picked up a lot sitting here listening.    I wanted to make a point here, and then move on to a broader one, and that is this. Some years ago, I went through an exercise of what Congress is obligated to do under Article III. This has to go back to about 1802, when there were a couple Federal districts that were abolished by Congress, court districts. I read through all of that debate, and so I began to ask this question. What we are obligated to do under Article III is produce a Supreme Court of the United States. And we could conceivably abolish all of the Federal districts and the only thing left would be the Supreme Court. And the only obligation we have there, since it calls for a Chief Justice, is to have a Chief Justice. But we don't have to fund the building or his staff. He could be at his own card table with his own candle. That is what Congress is obligated to do.    So I would suggest that Article III is pretty limited, if Congress decides to assert its power and authority over it. If nothing else, the workload would stack up on Chief Justice Roberts. So that was just an exercise in constitutional discussion, more or less kind of metaphysics.    So I just went down through Article II. Since the President is usurping Article I authority, what does the President of the United States have under Article II? I went through a number of these things here.    He is the Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces. Congress forms the Armed Forces. They may not exist, at least theoretically.    He may require an opinion of the principal officers of each executive department. He may, but there may not be departments for him to require an opinion of.    Then he shall have power to grant pardons and reprieves, and he has, with the advice and consent of the Senate, treaties and appointments, but then he is subject to the authority of the United States Congress.    So in the end, the question comes down to, what enumerated powers does the President have independent of congressional approval? That turns out to be six.    He may pardon.    He shall deliver the state of the union. If it is not an address, it might be in a letter, as it was under the early Presidents. So he could send a letter to Congress and meet that requirement.    He shall recommend legislation. Well, he does that without having to be prompted very much.    He may convene Congress. He may adjourn, but so may Congress adjourn, so that is really not a power that is effective.    He shall receive ambassadors and ministers. That means that the President then shall be the head of state and conduct the functions of a head of state, at least diplomatically.    And the last one is this wonderful one, ``He shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.''    So when you look through that, the only two that have any power really at all is the power to pardon, which could be significant under certain circumstances, but the power and the obligation ``to take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed.''    And I don't know that I have heard an argument as to how the President might be doing that under the circumstances we are discussing here today. Not only that, not only is he violating his own oath of office, it is very, very clear that he has said, ``I am not going to enforce the laws that I don't want to enforce. And by the way, Congress, I am going to recommend legislation to you, and if you don't pass that legislation, then I am going to implement it by my executive edict,'' not always Executive order, executive edict. ``And I am going to take care that the laws that I don't want to be executed are not, including the section that requires that those who were interdicted by law enforcement and immigration be placed into removal proceedings,'' shall be placed into removal proceedings. And we have a President who says they shall not. And he has ordered his executive branch to violate laws.    And by the way, some of this is not in litigation in the court case we are talking about over the November 20 edicts, but it is under litigation in the Crane v. Johnson case that was filed a couple years ago, Crane v. Napolitano.    So I would just ask this question, and that is, what if Congress decided to usurp Presidential authority? What if President decided, ``The President is not doing his job. He is not keeping his oath. Why don't we form a justice department and fund a justice department and direct and order a justice department?''    I would ask first the question of Professor Foley. If Congress decided to do that, we could enforce these laws. What would be the consequence of such a thing?    Mr. King. In the end, and in conclusion, Mr. Chairman, it is the people who decide the division between the three branches of government. And I think they need to declare war on the enemies of the Constitution.