    Dr. Agrawal. Thank you. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the invitation to discuss CMS's efforts to strengthen Medicaid. Enhancing program integrity is a top priority for the Administration, and an agency-wide effort at CMS. We share the Subcommittee's commitment to protecting beneficiaries and ensuring taxpayer dollars are spent on legitimate items and services, both of which are at the forefront of our program integrity mission.    I would like to make three major points in my testimony today. First, Medicaid program integrity is a shared state/Federal responsibility, and I feel strongly that states and the Federal Government share the goal that the Medicaid program be as secure as possible to ensure beneficiaries are protected, and the right payments are being made. Second, we have made important progress in addressing beneficiary eligibility and provider enrollment issues through advanced data systems and improved collaboration. And third, it is clear that more work remains, that we can build on our accomplishments with improved guidance, building more capabilities, and enhanced oversight.    States and the Federal Government share mutual obligations and accountability for the integrity of the Medicaid program, and the development, application, and improvement of program safeguards necessary to ensure proper and appropriate use of both Federal and state dollars. This Federal/state partnership is central to the success of the Medicaid program, and it depends on clear lines of responsibility and shared goals. Although the Federal Government establishes general guidelines for the program, states design, implement, and administer their own Medicaid programs. Medicaid is currently undergoing significant changes as CMS and states implement reforms to modernize and strengthen the program and its services.    While focused on implementation of the Affordable Care Act, CMS has been working closely with states to implement new, more modern delivery system and payment reforms. In the last few years CMS and states have made important progress in improving the systems and processes that determine a beneficiary's eligibility for Medicaid, and that ensure only legitimate providers enroll in and build a program. We have made great strides. The error rate in beneficiary eligibility, for example, has been cut in half since 2011. We recognize, however, that more remains to be done, and continue to work collaboratively with states to further improve Medicaid program integrity.    A critical component to preventing waste, abuse, and fraud is ensuring that only legitimate providers have the ability to bill Medicaid in the first place. While states bear the primary responsibility for provider screening and enrollment for Medicaid, CMS is engaging in new efforts to work with states to make sure that only legitimate providers are enrolling in the Medicaid program. The ACA required CMS to implement risk-based screening of providers and suppliers who want to participate in Medicaid. This enhanced screening requires certain categories of providers and suppliers that have historically posed a higher risk of fraud to undergo greater scrutiny prior to their enrollment or re-validation in Medicare, Medicaid, or CHIP.    To enroll providers more efficiently, CMS has provided states with direct access to Medicare's enrollment database, the Provider Enrollment Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, and in response to input from states, began providing access to monthly PECOS data extracts that states could use to systematically compare state enrollment records against available PECOS information.    CMS also provides guidance, education through the Medicaid Integrity Institute, which has reached over 4,200 state employees on enrollment and other topics, and oversight through state program integrity reviews. Additionally, the ACA, and accompanying Federal regulations, have enhanced beneficiary eligibility safeguards by establishing a modernized, data-driven approach to verification of financial and non-financial information needed to determine Medicaid eligibility. States now rely on available electronic data sources, including the Federal data hub and PARIS system, to confirm information included on the application and promote program integrity, while minimizing the amount of paper documentation that consumers need to provide.    CMS has also developed its most recent comprehensive Medicaid integrity plan, in collaboration with our partners, including the National Association of Medicaid Directors, and is working to implement this plan. This work includes providing Medicare data to states for program integrity purposes, expanding support and training of state program integrity staff in vulnerable areas, such as program integrity oversight of managed care and evolving integrated care models, and facilitating development of state capacity and access to cost-effective analytics technology.    The past several years have brought numerous gains in combating fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicaid program, but more work clearly remains. Today the eligibility determination process for beneficiaries and provider screening efforts are significantly more modern and digital than ever before. We thank the GAO for highlighting critical issues in the Medicaid program, and look forward to continuing to work with states and other stakeholders to establish new initiatives and expand upon our existing programs to fight fraud, reduce improper payments, and improve oversight. Thank you, and I am happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, there are three major components of the PERM rate of the Medicaid improper payment rate. There is a fee-for-service component, a Medicaid managed care component, and then a beneficiary eligibility component, and what I think you see in the error rate is a bit of a mixed picture. So on one hand, the beneficiary eligibility rate, which was a central topic in the GAO report, did actually decrease, from 3.3 percent to 3.1. Where we saw the biggest rise was in the provider screening and enrollment standards in the fee-for-service component. What I think the increase shows is that states are in various places of implementing those screening standards, which has led to an increase in the error rate in that part of PERM.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, I think, you know, we clearly want to make progress on the improper payment rate and Medicaid. The biggest driver right now are those provider enrollments and screening standards. You know, obviously we want to continue to make progress on the beneficiary eligibility requirements as well. You know, what we find is that states are in various different places of implementing their screening and enrollment for providers. It is a major driver.    I think there are a lot of tools that we have to help states make progress, including oversight, education, guidance, giving access to more data systems. But I think we want to set realistic targets and, you know, work on that to make sure states can meet them.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. There are clearly important factors in the size and scope of the program. The fact that the program is administered in numerous, different state Medicaid agencies, and require a great deal of collaboration. I am sure it does also reflect our historical error rate. So I think the designation of it being a high risk program certainly makes sense.    I would also add, Chairman, to your last question that part of, what we see as the dynamic in program integrity, which is, I think, important to think about, is that as requirements increase, as the stringency of the program increases, oftentimes we also see an increase in the error rate as a result, because providers, or other stakeholders, such as states, need time to catch up to requirements. I think that is a common underlying element to many factors in the error rate, but specifically the provider enrollment standards that the ACA created.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, that is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. Sure. So these risk categories are done at the provider sort of group level, or provider type level. So it isn't an individual provider that we would be placing in these various categories, it would be a whole class, such as--newly enrolling home health agencies are considered high risk.    Dr. Agrawal. And we designated these risk levels based on input from multiple sources, including the HHS OIG, based on historical levels of fraud or----    Dr. Agrawal . Issues with those specific provider types.    Dr. Agrawal. They do. Those requirements are largely identical to Medicare's.    Dr. Agrawal. Many of the requirements have had to be implemented by now already.    Dr. Agrawal. There were already deadlines. I think what you are referencing is a re-validation deadline----    Dr. Agrawal . Yes, March of 2016.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. We are, across the board. So, we have largely the same requirements in Medicare and, therefore, are undertaking the same work in the Medicaid program. Where possible, we have made data assets available to states so that they can utilize the results of our screening. For example, I referenced PECOS, where we have done a site visit, or fingerprint-based background check. States have access to that data so that they don't have to duplicate those----    Dr. Agrawal . Initiatives.    Dr. Agrawal. You know, states are in really different places, what we----    Dr. Agrawal . Find. So, when we do the PERM rate measurement every year, or do state program integrity reviews, there are certain states that are well advanced in their implementation of these requirements, and other states that are lagging quite far behind.    Dr. Agrawal. Correct. We can increase the amount of oversight, we can offer more technical assistance, education efforts, things like that.    Dr. Agrawal. That is right.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes.    Dr. Agrawal. Sir, are you asking me?    Dr. Agrawal. No. I do appreciate the question, and, again, I think it is important to set realistic targets and goals that do push us to improvement, but at the same time recognize that Medicaid is a state and Federal program that states are in various places of implementing things like the provider enrollment standards, which are the major driver of the improper payment rate at this point.    Dr. Agrawal. Congressman, I appreciate the question. I can tell you that CMS has definitely been focused on critical access hospitals and rural hospitals, and the various policies we promulgate, including payments and other policies. I will tell you, I am not aware of the specifics of this particular situation. I understand some of the details now from what you have explained. However, I think I would have to connect you to the other folks in the agency that are directly working on this issue, but I would be happy to take it back.    Dr. Agrawal. Thank you, Congressman, I appreciate that. I will----    Dr. Agrawal. I will think of that.    Dr. Agrawal. Thank you.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. We take the recommendations very seriously, and, as I mentioned, we do appreciate the report. Specifically for the dead beneficiaries issue, there are clearly things that we have done, like implement the Federal data hub that allows states to check for death and other issues on the front end. We are also looking to work with our technical advisory groups with the states and recommend more guidelines for the states to both access the right data, and then access it frequently enough.    Dr. Agrawal. Sure. So we have two different kinds of access to PECOS, one that is the sort of provider-by-provider real time access to the system, but since this analysis was done, we have also been making data extracts available to states so that they can use those extracts and compare them against their entire enrollment file. We have already made changes to those extracts based on state input, and are looking to expand them as we go on.    With respect to guidance, we do offer education in using CMS data assets to states through things like the Medicaid Integrity Institute. We also offer other technical guidance, and sort of case-by-case help as needed, and states can contact us for that.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, I think that is a great question. So, there are data assets like PECOS and PARIS, where we know that all states have access. And I think part of getting them to use it offering the guidance, offering the technical input to make sure that they are using the data in the right way, and using it as frequently as they can. With something like PARIS, for example, we were able to release guidance, and ask all states to not only input their data every quarter, but also to use that data in their enrollment efforts every quarter.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, thank you for the question, Dr. Burgess. So I think our relationship with the states is such that we are talking to them regardless of whether or not they are seeking to expand their Medicaid programs. There are current program integrity challenges and vulnerabilities, as the GAO has pointed out. They exist in the current Medicaid program. Our state oversight efforts, whether it is the PERM rate, or state program integrity reviews, include all states, not just those that are expanding.    I think, to your larger point, what we are trying to do is balance real program integrity interests and needs against the needs of socioeconomically disadvantage population that needs access to health care and health----    Dr. Agrawal. There are clearly efforts that we--we do conduct collaborative audits and investigations with states and, where appropriate, encourage states to take termination actions in their programs. I think you referenced the exclusion authority by the HHS OIG. We obviously agree that that is a very powerful authority. We encourage OIG to implement it where appropriate. And where they do, we can take revocation action quickly behind it.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. I am not aware of the specific nursing homes, but we do have survey and certification, and other rating functions CMS uses to work with states on these issues.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. I think that is an important point, and it does highlight some of the intricacy in the rate. The beneficiary eligibility error rate has actually been cut in half since 2011.    Dr. Agrawal. I think, given the issues that GAO has highlighted, that is obviously a substantial improvement. More work remains to be done, which we are focusing on, but it does indicate good progress.    Dr. Agrawal. I think it is work being done at both the Federal and state levels between increased collaboration, more education and technical guidance going to states, better data assets that have been highlighted by Mr. Bagdoyan.    Dr. Agrawal. Sure, no problem. The biggest driver of the increase in the rate are provider enrollment and screening standards. And, again, as with other PI aspects of program integrity, whenever there is a new requirement, certain stakeholders, in this case states can experience some difficulty in keeping up. So what we have found, that, while some states are quite far along, other states are lagging behind, and generally that is causing the error rate to rise.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, we exercise oversight in a variety of ways, so I think it is both what can we offer them in terms of collaboration that will help, like technical assistance, data assets like PECOS, and then where can we exercise real oversight? We do that through the PERM rate. We require states to submit corrective actions to improve the error rate going forward, and also conduct state program integrity reviews, with associated corrective action plans where states fail to meet requirements. So I think it is a mix of both of those things.    I think the error rate increase in that particular aspect is the reflection of more stringent policy, which in and of itself is a good thing. We need that policy.    Dr. Agrawal. I appreciate the question. I think holding our feet to the fire is appropriate.    Dr. Agrawal. Thank you very much. I also think encouraging states to stay on the right path, take advantage of the various resources that we offer, identify improvements that we need to make so that they can make progress, would be extremely helpful.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, thank you. I think that is a really important question. Data is really central to program integrity work. What we have found is access to the right data set can really increase the sensitivity and specificity of our leads. The agency has made some of the biggest investments we have ever made in improving Medicaid data assets in programs like T-MSIS, which is seeking to dramatically increase the amount of data and the kind of breadth of that data that we get from state programs.    In addition, Congress has funded previous programs like the Medi-Medi, which encourages Medicare and Medicaid data sharing and integration specifically for program integrity purposes, and we have been engaged in that process for years now.    Dr. Agrawal. There are, and I am not a technologist, but there are clearly differences between systems, and getting data integration to occur, that is not a trivial task at all, especially, you know, amongst 50 different states. So, yes, there are some real technical barriers to getting the right data formatted in the right way so that it is readily accessible.    Dr. Agrawal. I am not sure how much proprietary issues stand in the way. I think it is more technical implementation. And then, yes, resourcing is important to make sure that we can adequately make this all work together.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, thank you. So, you are right, the moratorium authority is one of many tools granted to CMS for its program integrity efforts. We currently have moratoriums in place in seven different metropolitan areas in two main service categories, ambulance services and home health agencies. And, we arrived at those areas, both the service types and the geographies, by doing data analysis to look at where there were clear areas of market saturation of these provider types, and in all of these metropolitan areas we see somewhere between three to five times higher the number of providers of these categories than, you know, comparative metropolitan areas.    We also conferred with our law enforcement colleagues in DOJ and OIG to assess where hot spots really are, and where billing is really concerning for fraud, and it was really a multitude of things that led us ultimately to implement these moratoria.    Dr. Agrawal. So, what the moratoria really do is, essentially, pause enrollment. It stops new providers from coming into those areas in these specific provider categories. That affords both us and law enforcement the opportunity to step up our activities in those areas and remove bad actors that are already in those areas prior to lowering the moratorium, and allowing new providers to enroll again.    Dr. Agrawal. I think we are still doing data analysis to look at how effective the moratorium as a singular tool is, but what we are finding is that, in those area, which clearly are hotspot areas anyway, we have been able to effectuate literally hundreds of revocations of both home health agencies and ambulance companies. So, we continue to assess the moratorium. We are obviously very concerned about access to care, want to make sure that the moratoria don't interfere with access. And, so, there are a lot of analytics that go on, as well as collaborating with the states.    Dr. Agrawal. So, just as we do more broadly, we engage in data exchanges, we work with them on collaborative audits and investigations, and then we do those access to care analyses to make sure that the moratorium is not having an adverse consequence.    Dr. Agrawal. Right, that is of primary importance. Again, these areas in service categories were chosen in the first place because of really significant market saturation, making access not such a huge problem right at the outset. But, as the moratoria have gone on, we have worked, through our regional offices at CMS, with the relevant states. We have stayed in contact with them, exchanged data to make sure that that picture has not changed, and thus far it hasn't. Access to care continues not to be a major issue.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. We do appreciate the work of Congress, and the leadership of this Committee, in providing more resources for us. Those additional resources will allow us to continue to invest in existing programs, to encourage, again, more data collaboration with Medicaid agencies, provide more technical guidance and education. And then, where necessary, especially to respond to recommendations like this, we will be implementing new initiatives and programs to continue the Medicaid and Medicare programs.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, the data hub is really more of a general Federal asset for states to utilize at the time of beneficiary enrollment and eligibility determinations. It is not really specifically focused on moratoria area. Rather, we see it as a tool that should be utilized across the Medicaid program, to ensure eligibility is done correctly the first time.    Dr. Agrawal. So I appreciate the question. Prosecution is obviously an important aspect of health care fraud control generally. What we have been doing over the last 5 years, since the creation of the Center for Program Integrity, is really investing resources in preventing these issues from arising in the first place. That includes, you know, payment edits, audits, investigations, and ultimately removing a provider from the program, if necessary, to stop inappropriate billing.    As part of that work, we are also collaborating closely with OIG and DOJ, making sure that they have data that is adequate for their cases, providing them whatever additional services or resources they need, even using administrative authorities that CMS has, as long as, you know, we are obviously following those authorities and implementing them in the proper way. So I think it is a balance. I think deterrence is obviously very important, and we continue to collaborate with law enforcement as needed.    Dr. Agrawal. Right. So I am not sure exactly what the total number of Medicaid employees is. I think the 4,200 number, what that really sort of refers to are state employees that we have been able to bring over to the Medicaid Integrity Institute to engage in an educational experience on some aspect of program integrity, whether it is working with law enforcement, or provider enrollment in screening standards, beneficiary eligibility, whatever the case may be.    I think there are definitely more than 4,200 out there. Right now, our only constraint is the resourcing and the time to get as many employees in as possible. But the program is a strong one, I think, because it really allows us to spend Federal resources. States have to pay very little to nothing for an individual employee to be educated and have access to those courses.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, that is a----    Dr. Agrawal. Agreed, that is a great question. We have, up until now, done the vast majority of this educational work in person because there is a value to that in-person education, being able to conduct seminars, real sort of small group trainings. However, I think your point is a good one, and we are currently looking at ways of using more virtual training, as well as potentially putting MII on the road, so that states that can't travel, or for their own policies or whatever, still have access to the education.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. So, measuring the impact of education, as you are probably aware, is really challenging to connect it to specific dollars and cents that are saved. What we find, in certainly post-course assessments, is a very high rating by state officials that indicate that they really did value the education that was given. We do also ask them to self-report where they feel the education contributed to recoveries or savings. We can give that number to you. But, again, I think it is hard to connect education to a specific dollar that is saved. I think it is often important to do these activities merely because that greater awareness at the state level is valuable onto itself.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. I think the majority have. They are at various levels. States like Arizona, where it is essentially all managed care at this point, and other states that have a hybrid population between fee-for-service and managed care. But, that kind of enrollment requirement is a vulnerability or an issue that has been flagged by both OIG and GAO----    Dr. Agrawal . And so we are happy to get into a proposed rule.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. So, as you mentioned the rise of managed care is definitely occurring in all states, with some at various levels of integrating managed care. Previous OIG and GAO reports have highlighted that as an issue because, up until now, providers that provide services in managed care programs, through MCOs, aren't necessarily known to the states. They don't necessarily have to go through the same enrollment standards. Some states require that. Most don't.    We felt that this was an important vulnerability or an issue to address. Hence, that was one piece of the program integrity provisions in that NPRM, and we think that requiring the same screening standards will ensure beneficiary safety, regardless of whether they choose to stay in fee-for-service or managed care.    Dr. Agrawal. Sure. There are other requirements of managed care plans that include elevating issues, or informing the state about audit issues, other vulnerabilities that they have identified. It is making sure that they have compliance programs in place to ensure the integrity of payments, program integrity generally. Those are all new elements that the majority of states don't have.    In addition, there is a data sharing element, which requires language in managed care contracts to ensure states can still get access to managed care data as needed for obviously, we are in sort of the rulemaking process. But, if finalized in its current form, would make really important progress in program integrity.    Dr. Agrawal. Correct. You can think of this as trying to build the safeguards in place that have been started in fee-for-service. So, the same screening and enrollment standards, the same kind of access to data, and making sure that those go through to managed care plans. So, again, beneficiaries have the choice for which to engage in in states that have both, or states can make the transition to managed care without necessarily feeling that they have to give up program integrity along the way.    Dr. Agrawal. Sure. So you are referring to fingerprint-based criminal background checks that were one of the ACA requirements in enrollment and screening for providers. Generally fingerprint checks are utilized for provider types that are designated high risk. That would be, for example, a newly enrolling home health agency or DME company where there has been a history of kind of endemic fraud issues. If you are newly enrolling in the state in one of those categories, you would be subject to a fingerprint-based criminal background check. If CMS has already done it, states can utilize our results as their own.    The only other provider types are those that have already been issues in the program, and therefore are on an individual basis designated high risk if they try to re-enroll.    Dr. Agrawal. Broadly speaking I can. I will sort of tell you the steps that I know, but I will just make the point that MFCUs, or the Medicaid Fraud Control Units, actually respond to the Office of Inspector General, and they work with program integrity units at the state Medicaid agency.    But I, surmising that the relationship is really similar to what we have with our Office of Inspector General, we will often initiate investigations based on data assets, beneficiary complaints, a host of other inputs. And then, if there is any indication of fraud, or patient safety issues, we will send that over to the OIG, and oftentimes state Medicaid agencies with similar policies, engaging their fraud control unit.    Dr. Agrawal. I believe they can, working with regional DOJ offices.    Dr. Agrawal. Again, they might be referring to Federal law enforcement, either, again, OIG or DOJ. As an administrative agency, we don't indict providers. We have various administrative authorities and actions, but the most severe is kicking somebody out of the program.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, again, we have the administrative authorities that we have. We are able to suspend payments, terminate the enrollment of providers. And then I think, to the point that was made earlier, we do work with law enforcement to bring other, more criminal justice activities.    Dr. Agrawal. So----    Dr. Agrawal. Right.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, specifically with working with law enforcement, we make referrals--I think hundreds, if not thousands of referrals, and we can actually get you some numbers for the last couple of years to show you how many, to law enforcement for those cases that are most concerning for fraud, and where we believe a law enforcement action would be appropriate, at least from our determination.    But I think, to your larger question about providers reinventing themselves, we too have noted that as a vulnerability, and, in fact, have promulgated rules that have allowed us to close it by, for example, tracking administrative actions, and actually applying them to owners who would try to reinvent companies.    Dr. Agrawal. I think that is a question for at least the OIG, or the state law enforcement officials.    Dr. Agrawal. Remember, our authorities don't involve----    Dr. Agrawal. No, I wouldn't say that----    Dr. Agrawal. Just to be clear, states don't have to go through CMS in order to get to prosecutors or law enforcement. They do have Medicaid fraud control units that they can go to directly.    Dr. Agrawal. They have other----    Dr. Agrawal. Right. As administrative agencies, the state Medicaid agency, CMS, we don't prosecute directly, but we don't work with law enforcement to do that. I wouldn't characterize it as a communication breakdown. I would characterize it as different lines of authority. We are happy to work with law enforcement. We provide law enforcement with data on a routine basis, work with them sometimes for years as they develop, investigate, and take action on cases.    Dr. Agrawal. I think it depends on what this is that you are trying to improve.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. So it is really important, I think, to engage in prevention, because prosecution takes, understandably, time, and what we don't want is folks billing programs that shouldn't be billing programs. And, so it is useful to actually kick them out of the program and stop dollars from going out the door. At the same time, if we can work with our law enforcement colleagues to get the prosecution, we can have the deterrence effect, and other impact that we want.    Dr. Agrawal. I think I have made it pretty clear from my opening remarks, Congressman, that we do view these findings as important, and, while we have made progress, there is more progress to be made. I don't view it as any other way. I don't view it as just sort of being happy with the results and where we are.    Dr. Agrawal. No. That is a process that involves a different part of the, it is obviously kept separate from folks that are trying to make the interventions, right, so that there is some objectivity to it.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes, it would be.    Dr. Agrawal. Yes. I mean, I think it could be argued, and in fairness, that we need to have preventative programs in place to catch that.    Dr. Agrawal. Correct.    Dr. Agrawal. Correct.    Dr. Agrawal. That would be----    Dr. Agrawal. Yes.    Dr. Agrawal. Right. I think what is really important is the measured tone that GAO and Mr. Bagdoyan have taken today, that these are all potentially improper payments, and not the data inconsistency alone doesn't absolutely establish that. In many of the specific claims where these improper payments have been noted, states or CMS are able to actually recover those dollars, or Federal portions are withheld. So, yes, there is obviously complexity underlying this that you are correct to point out.    Dr. Agrawal. I am sorry, ma'am, I don't understand what you are asking about.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, Congresswoman, clearly the target is set, but I think what is important is we actually measure our----    Dr. Agrawal. I don't know. We would have to----    Dr. Agrawal . Go back and identify that person.    Dr. Agrawal. No.    Dr. Agrawal. Obviously, I do not.    Dr. Agrawal. Well, I come at it from the perspective of an ER physician. I have taken care of Medicaid and Medicare beneficiaries, and other beneficiaries, the uninsured. I do this work so that we can preserve resources for the folks who need it.    Dr. Agrawal. That is correct.    Dr. Agrawal. So there is a statistical sample done in each of these states along the three major categories of the PERM program. And, again, we conduct the cycle so that every state is measured at least once in the 3 year period. And there is statistical analysis behind it to make sure that the results are generalizable, and can actually arrive at a national rate.    Dr. Agrawal. They are----    Dr. Agrawal. That is a good question. Actually, I am not sure. I don't think it is alphabetical, but there are 17 in every cohort, and we make sure that every state is represented once in a 3 year period.    Dr. Agrawal. They are distributed between them.    Dr. Agrawal. I think it would be a real resource constraint to try to assess every single state every single year, and it does also pose burden issues for the states.    Dr. Agrawal. I can take that back as a specific question if we are going to alter the methodology, but I think the methodology itself has been--it is not the--sort of under----    Dr. Agrawal . Your question here. It----    Dr. Agrawal. Since the PERM program started.    Dr. Agrawal. I believe we had the first rates in '07, but I would have to get back to you about that.    Dr. Agrawal. What we do is we report a national average rate every single year so you can actually follow the rates, as people have done in this hearing, sort of talk about the rates over time. What we don't report are rates by state, because it is very difficult to compare two different Medicaid programs that might have two very different approaches to eligibility and other things.    Dr. Agrawal. Sure. Thank you.