    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Director Comey, for your service and for coming before the Committee today and for sharing your valuable insights. And thank you also to the extraordinary men and women who serve the Bureau and help keep our country safe, and I think our entire Nation owes them a debt of gratitude.    Many us expressed our sincere concern and condolences following the recent mass shooting in Roseburg, Oregon, where nine innocent men and women lost their lives. Many of us have shared the same sentiments following tragically similar events in Lafayette or Newtown and Blacksburg.    But as more Americans lose their lives to senseless gun violence, this Congress has failed to act. And, Director Comey, with this in mind, I'd like to draw on your experience to help us find solutions to this growing epidemic and to help us find the guts to take necessary action.    And so first I want to just draw your attention to the shooting which occurred at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Following the shooting, you ordered the FBI to conduct an internal review of policies and procedures surrounding background checks for weapons purchases. So my first question is, did that review occur, and what were the findings of that review?    Mr. Cicilline. So those are actually the two areas I'd like to discuss. As you well know, the current law requires that if a requested purchase of a firearm is made, a background check is initiated, the FBI has 3 days to respond. If no response is provided, then the gun dealer is able to sell the weapon. My understanding is the FBI continues the review anyway, even in it's beyond the 3 days. That information is then conveyed to the gun dealer, and if that person is disqualified from buying a gun, what does the FBI do? So you now know a sale has occurred--or do you know a sale has occurred--and do you take action?    Mr. Cicilline. So I would like to work with you on that because I'm not sure that that is actually the practice. I think that notice may go to ATF, but I don't believe it goes to the gun dealer or to local law enforcement. And I think that's a way that we can try to keep guns out of the hands of people who don't have them, and I would very much like to work with you on that.    The second issue is how do we incentivize, require, encourage local law enforcement to actually use the NICS system? Because that background check system is only as good as the information that's in it. Have you done an analysis of what States participate, where the deficiencies are, or things we could do or that Congress can do to help ensure that more States are providing that disqualifying information so at the bare minimum we're keeping guns out of the hands of people who shouldn't have them under law?    Mr. Cicilline. Because, as you well know, Director, we can't require participation with the NICS system as a result of a Supreme Court decision, but we ought to be able to do things to create serious incentives or maybe penalties for States that fail to furnish that information, because as a result of that information not being in the NICS system, people are walking into gun stores and buying guns who would be otherwise disqualified if that information were known.    So I look forward to working with you on that. I think it should be an urgent national priority, and I thank you for the work that you're doing.    I yield back.