    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you for indulging my last question here. Thank you for your service, both of you, very distinguished careers serving our country in various ways. I appreciate that. And maybe you have already addressed this. I have been in and out with other committees going on and so on. But I want to ask about the tilt by this administration toward Iran. I asked John Kerry this one time. He denied that there was any tilt toward Iran. And yet all of our Gulf State Arab partners, allies, friends, the Israelis, they are convinced that there is such a tilt.    So, even if it is not reality, it is perception at least. I think it is reality. Can you comment on that? Has there been a tilt? And if so, shouldn't the administration just come out and say that and that they want to see Iran become a regional player and welcomed back into the community of nations and be a good guy even though there is no evidence that they are going to actually pull that off? I am just very, very concerned about this direction. It seems like a huge gamble to me. But am I reading this wrong? Or is there actually a tilt going on toward Iran?    Ambassador Crocker. It is a very important question. I do not perceive a significant tilt by us toward Iran. But perception is reality. And nowhere is that more the case than the Middle East. And there is a perception that there is such a tilt, which is why I have emphasized in my written testimony, in my remarks today, we have got to make it absolutely clear that our goals and Iran's goals in the region could not be more opposite. That the nuclear agreement in no way implies that we are a party to Iran's nefarious policies and actions throughout the region. It is 20 years ago this month that a great world leader was assassinated, Yitzhak Rabin.    Before he was killed, he said something that I have always remembered. And it was about--it was the time he was negotiating with the Palestinians post-Oslo. He said, ``I will negotiate peace as though there were no terrorism, and I will fight terrorism as though there were no peace negotiations.'' Well, we need to fight Iranian-backed terrorism as though there were no nuclear agreement. Because that is what the Iranians are doing. They didn't let that agreement, which they wanted, get in the way of all the nefarious things they are doing in Syria and Iraq, and, to a degree, in Yemen. Well, we need to meet them with the same determination to confront them where they are acting as a very malign player.    You know, that doesn't jeopardize the agreement because it doesn't jeopardize the agreement for them as they carry out these malign actions. But I feel very strongly we have got to assert ourselves against them, both because of the damage they are doing, but also because of the perception in the eyes of our Sunni friends.    Mr. Lamborn. Director McLaughlin.    Mr. Lamborn. In this recent intercontinental ballistic missile test in violation of U.N. protocols, isn't that a big concern to us?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you so much.    The Chairman. Thank you. And to both of you, thank you, again, for all of your expertise and guidance in very difficult matters, and for your time here today. With that, the hearing stands adjourned.