    Mr. Cox. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Representative Payne, Members of the committee. I am proud to testify today on behalf of the 42,000 transportation security officers, TSOs, that AFGE represents that stand on the side of the safety of the flying American public.    TSOs point to 4 issues that have conspired to produce the acute situation at airports we see today. No. 1, the size of the TSO workforce did not keep pace with passenger volume. No. 2, TSA's budget was deprived of much-needed funding by the decision of Congress to divert a portion of the security fee to deficit reduction. No. 3, the focus on the patchwork of airline, airport, and contract employees shifted focus away from the TSO workforce that is the present and future of aviation security. No. 4, TSOs are subject to second-class treatment that hurts the morale of TSOs who stay on the job and causes too many experienced screeners to leave TSA.    As passenger volume has increased 15 percent between 2013 and 2016, TSA lost almost 5,000 screeners and failed to replace them. TSA's hiring was focused on part-time workers who have a much higher attrition rate than full-time TSOs. TSA's staffing methodology and model depended on PreCheck enrollments that never happened. Congress cut the budget for TSA personnel and imposed arbitrary caps on the number of full-time screeners.    Staffing shortages are obvious to the public because they experience long lines. Least obvious are the effect of shortages on the TSO workforce--missed trainings, meals, and rest breaks, missed position rotations that are necessary to keep your focus, cancelled days off, and months of mandatory overtime, resulting in very tired and erratic scheduling. This is no way to run airport security.    AFGE advocates an increase of 6,000 additional full-time TSOs to the workforce. The figure represents the decrease in the size of the TSA workforce since 2011 as passenger volume has grown 15 percent.    AFGE also calls on Congress to end the arbitrary and severe cap on full-time TSOs. When Congress voted to divert 60 cents of the $5.60 security fee per enplanement to the Treasury rather than TSA, it deprived the agency of 1.25 billion--that is billion with a ``b''--dollars each year. It is time for Congress to dedicate the proceeds of the security fee to TSA to be used for its intended purpose, funding the agency's security mission and hiring staff.    Introducing airline and airport employees and private contract employees into the framework of checkpoint security is, at best, a temporary bandage. Years of on-the-job experience and commitment to the public are the services that are lost when the TSO workforce is replaced with airport and airline employees.    Airport authorities should be aware that they are not going to get more screeners under the Screening Partnership Program and that there are long checkpoint waits at airports with private screeners.    Despite the importance of their work, TSOs receive second-class treatment from their employer, the Federal Government. TSA is the only Federal agency that is allowed to excuse itself from the fundamental workplace rights and protections found in title 5 of the U.S. Code. TSA does not follow the Fair Labor Standards Act and the Office of Personnel Management guidelines on leave. TSA does not have statutory title 7 protections against discrimination, and they are not paid under the general schedule like the majority of Federal workforce. TSOs lack the ability to appeal adverse personnel actions to a neutral third party, like the Merit System Protection Board, even those TSO management has that right.    To paraphrase the late Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., justice delayed has been justice denied to the TSO workforce. It is well within the authority of both the Congress and TSA to provide TSOs the same workplace rights and protections as other Federal workers.    We urge Administrator Neffenger to apply title 5 rights and protections to the TSO workforce. Congress should pass H.R. 4488, the Rights of Transportation Security Officers Act, introduced by Representatives Bennie Thompson and Nita Lowey. The bill requires that TSA follow the same workplace rules as most agencies in the Federal Government. Congress should also ensure funding to TSA to provide 5 percent retention raises to TSOs who have been on the job for 2 or more years.    Transportation Security Officers do all they can to screen passengers. That is why AFGE pledges to work with TSA, Congress, and the public on solutions for the long lines. Mr. Chairman, AFGE is asking and seeking a seat at the table to be part of the solution, not part of the problem, in what we are currently experiencing in TSA.    Thank you very much for allowing me to testify today. I would be glad to take any questions.    Mr. Cox. Mr. Chairman, I think the one issue that we constantly find, PreCheck is helping, but as we have continued decrease in staffing, that continues to perpetuate the problem. No matter whether we have PreCheck or not, the real issue is that we have to have adequate staffing in TSA.    Mr. Cox. It would definitely have less stress on the system. But if we keep losing 5,000 every several years, that is going to have stress on the system.    Mr. Cox. Yes, sir, that would definitely help with that situation. Administrator Neffenger spoke with me yesterday and said his attrition rate with full-time TSOs was around 7 to 8 percent, but, again, it is over 20 percent in the part-time.    People want full-time employment. They will go to other Federal jobs or other jobs in the airport seeking full-time employment. So moving that money to getting them full time would definitely help fix a lot of the problems.    Mr. Cox. No, sir, that doesn't. They are ready to go. Many of them in peak times are already working 40 hours a week or possibly more than 40 hours a week. So they are ready to go. There is a cap that has been put on the number of full-time employees. So if Congress could fix that, that would help with a lot of the situation.    Mr. Cox. Sir, we believe that the TSOs that are employed by the Federal Government, No. 1, it is a professionalized workforce, they do a great job, they have been trained to do that. I think the record speaks very clearly for themselves. Since 9/11, we have not had acts of terrorism in this country. We had a privatized workforce on 9/11 and we saw what happened, this country was brought to its knees. The Government has been taking care of that, been doing that. Part of our real problem right now is a lack of staffing, not enough staff to do the work properly.    Mr. Cox. I agree. I was watching Fox News last Sunday and one of the commentators was at the San Francisco Airport, was complaining about the long lines, the rudeness of the officers, and the various incidents that were going on and said, this is a classic example of why it needs to be privatized. I busted out laughing because it is a privatized airport and all the problems that she was referring to were at a privatized airport. She wasn't in Atlanta or Miami, one of those that was not privatized, she was in San Francisco complaining, saying it was a classic example of why it should be privatized.    Mr. Cox. We clearly believe that a professional staff that are Government employees, that this is an inherently Governmental function to keep the American public safe. These people are well-trained, they do a great job, they love their jobs, they just need to have adequate staffing to be able to do their jobs and to do them properly.    I think if the committee really wants to get legislation that tries to get the input and the collaboration, that it would be important that AFGE and the employees that it represents be included in the legislation as one of the partners trying to resolve the problem.    Mr. Cox. We expected them to do their core mission, to do their core work. As with any situation, you do understand the workers don't get to drive the train, they just show up and do what the bossman tells them to do.    I know our TSOs, they want to be at the airport doing their mission and taking care of it. It upsets them when those lines are long and passengers are waiting because passengers get more frustrated with them.    I would say, if you really want to resolve a lot of these problems, you can talk to FSDs, you can talk to the administrator, but Congress probably needs to mandate that there be some work groups made up of TSOs themselves. The people who actually do the work can tell you how to improve the processes. I know American Airlines does that all the time. I know all these airports do that.    We need to be talking to the front-line employees and they could give a lot of solutions. They can't necessarily give more resources or more people, but I am sure they know how to improve the work processes.