    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    And thank you all very much for being here today and dealing with this new dimension of terrorism financing. I encourage everybody to continue to do your good work to make sure our country stays on offense and make sure we do everything humanly possible to stop the flow of funds to terrorist groups that threaten our homeland.    I am a little bit concerned today as we go down this path and now all of a sudden we see a marriage between organized crime and terrorism and so it is an additional source of funding to terrorism. And I know all of us in this country are getting increasingly alarmed by the savagery that we see over in the Middle East, in particular, dealing with these organizations.    I would like to follow up with you, Professor Realuyo, if I can, with Mr. Lynch's question dealing with the Administration's negotiations currently with respect to a nuclear deal with Iran.    And if, in fact, sanctions are lifted that are currently imposed on Iran, freeing up roughly $125 billion, $150 billion of cash to that country, what might that do with respect to the increased marriage between organized crime and terrorist funding?    In particular, could you walk us through, to the best of your knowledge, knowing that you have a background in international banking and, also, national security, what would happen next?    Mr. Poliquin. Let's drill down, Professor, a little bit more, if we can, please.    Assuming those sanctions were to be lifted--and, as you stated, Iran is a sponsor of terrorism throughout the Middle East, whether it be Syria or Somalia or Yemen--what would be the mechanics?    What would we see if you were involved in the international banking community with respect to how the lifting of those sanctions might facilitate organized crime interconnecting with terrorism activities? And how might the Iranian regime be involved, specifically, to facilitate that?    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you very much.    I appreciate everybody being here. And let's stay on offense. Thank you.    I yield back my time. Thank you, sir.