    Dr. Meyer. Thank you, Madam Chair, and Members of the Committee. As mentioned in my introduction, I am Chairman of the Transportation Research Board's Research and Technology Coordinating Committee, which provides guidance on highway research technology programs and advanced research priorities to the Federal Highway Administration. In my past career I've also been a Director in the State Department of Transportation, and responsible for a state transportation program, as well as for 15 years a Director at one of the nation's largest university transportation research centers, so I bring a broad perspective, in terms of some of the issues that you have before you. I'm going to summarize two Transportation Research Board reports that have focused on national transportation research, and then, with the time that's available, I'll provide my own thoughts at the end.    Special Report 313, called Framing Surface Transportation Research for the Nation's Future, was a report that focused on research efforts in other countries around the world, as well as non-transportation domestic organizations, such as the Department of Agriculture, as well as NASA. Based on the analysis, the committee for that report made the following key recommendations. One, they thought there should be a new framework for U.S. surface transportation research that's guided by key national stakeholders in transportation. To a large extent, DOT's strategic plan has started that direction. The recommendation was for the Secretary of Transportation to consider ways to strengthen the coordination of transportation research within the DOT, and, in fact, appoint what they called a Chief Scientist position within the DOT. Third recommendation, focus on making sure that there would be both basic and advanced applied research with regard to the program. And then, finally, the USDOT should continue its activities, in terms of promoting knowledge transfer and dissemination.    Special Report 313, called The Essential Federal Role in Highway Research and Innovation, focused on the Federal Highway Administration, and its role in the national transportation program. The report observed, in fact, that its--the Federal Highway's exploratory advanced research program is the type of basic research that the committee itself was looking for. It focuses on such things as connected highway and vehicle system concepts, breakthrough concepts in material sciences, human behavior and travel choices, technology for assessing performance of the system, as well as organizations, and new technology and advanced policies for energy and resource conservation. This is a type of research that we strongly recommended to Federal Highway as an RTCC, and, in fact, they took that recommendation and implemented that program.    The report concludes that, in fact, that the Federal Highway Administration is in a very unique position to take a long view in research in terms of our nation's highway system, and to do advanced research that will, in fact, contribute to a vehicle to vehicle and vehicle to infrastructure program. With its national perspective, it can lead states in terms of developing and transferring tools and processes that can improve safety and system performance. And, with these economies of scale, in terms of having division offices in every state, it's uniquely positioned to support the implementation of innovations by states and local agencies, in particular developments relating to vehicle to infrastructure programs and standardization of projects and programs that come out of the Strategic Highway Research Program.    So that summarizes, in very general terms, those two reports. Now, just my own observations, I think--I certainly congratulate the Subcommittee on the theme for this hearing, in terms of technology driving the future. My own experience in the field, and in a variety of positions, has really shown that, in fact, technology is one of the driving forces of where we are today, and will likely be in the future. So my own observations with regard to a national surface transportation research program follows. First, I do think the USDOT does have a critical role to play in establishing a research framework that guides not only its own modal agency's research programs, but also those that are under its area of responsibility, such the University Transportation's Research Program.    I think this framework needs to recognize that it's not just government agencies that are doing research. It's the private sector, it's the universities, it's others, and that needs to be provided under kind of a guiding framework in terms of what should happen. The interaction of vehicle and infrastructure in particular I think suggests a very strong role for the USDOT in things like human factors research, as well as system performance and smart infrastructure.    Third, this research portfolio should really combine both basic and applied research. One of the things that I've noticed in the field after many years is that basic research seems to be, well, that goes for National Science Foundation, and applied goes to Transportation, and I think that's a mistake. I think that the applied research community has a lot to offer in terms of understanding some of the basic concepts, the theories that underlie our research programs.    Next, I believe that this base research program should be based on peer review. This is something that we discuss a lot. Both NSF, as well as the Transportation Research Board, has long experience in peer reviewed types of reports. I think that is the best way that we need to go forward as a nation.    So, Madam Chair, and members of the Committee, I really thank you for the opportunity to present my ideas. As the Committee has noted, technology is driving our transportation future, but I would suggest that, in fact, research and development are driving technology, and that it is thus in the national interest to support, foster, and encourage the creativity that lays at the foundation of our technology future, with zero seconds left. Thank you.    Dr. Meyer. Well, there's--I think there's been a long history of interaction between the USDOT and Federal Highway in particular, on the highway side, with AAHTO, the American Association----    Chairwoman Comstock. Um-hum.    Dr. Meyer. --of Highway Transportation Officials, as well as to the Transportation Research Board. There are, I think, a lot of examples of where there are research briefs, there's discussions, there's conferences, there's workshops. I think there's a pretty good dissemination of research results. The issue, of course, is that there's so much research going on, as I say in my written testimony, there's so many groups doing research that sometimes things happen that you're not quite aware that have a real impact, like your phone, for example, as you mentioned.    So--but my sense is that there is a pretty good relationship going on between disseminating the research results out, whether it be through universities, or through professional organizations, or through groups like the AATHO.    Dr. Meyer. Thank you, Congressman. I--yeah, my sense on this is that much of the research that's done at national laboratories, for example, in the transportation area is often done under contract with the DOT, so the DOT is pretty much aware of it.    What doesn't happen, in my opinion, is that there's a lot of work that's been at Argon, and Los Alamos, and others that have relationships to transportation, but weren't--they didn't originate from the transportation community, so to speak, or from the DOT. And we kind of find out about them, after the fact type of stuff. And that goes back to my testimony about having this new framework, this research framework that kind of lays out what it is that we, as a nation, really need to be focusing on with regard to key ideas, key thoughts, key research concepts, and then making--then seeing what everyone--what part everyone has to play.    I mean, I've seen work that's been done by EPA, for example, that folks at DOT didn't--weren't even aware of, but--strictly related to the transportation group. So I have no doubt that there is coordination and there's discussion going on, but given a government the size of our government, things do happen out there from different sources that I think could be better coordinated, quite frankly.    Dr. Meyer. And I cannot agree more with that, because----    Dr. Meyer. I'm sorry. I thought mine was on. I can't agree more with that. My--it's a big yes. I was shocked that, in fact, it was de-authorized, or whatever the term was. I think it's a very valuable program that should be reinstituted.    Dr. Meyer. That is a great engineering question. Thank you for that. As a fellow engineer, I take it. Several years ago, I don't know when the specific date was, the DOT actually issued a policy saying that, you really need to do life cycle costing in terms of federal projects, for example. And so the research part of it is very much looking at--when you look at new materials, composite materials, nanotechnology, all that type of stuff, we are looking at, from a research perspective, over the life--total life cycle, in terms of the replacement, the recycling, and the O and M during the life of it, as well as the initial capital, and the recapitalization as you go through.    So I would say that most research that deals with the structure side, the materials side, the equipment/technology side is very much focusing on the issue of life cycle costing. That's just the way that we look at benefit/cost now these days.    Dr. Meyer. I----    Dr. Meyer. Sure. I think the obvious example is the pavement research that was done to so-called super pave, I guess is the phrase for it, where we went to Europe and other places to see how they did certain things, came back, and kind of recomposed how we did our pavement surfaces, and developed pavement materials, and pavement construction technologies, that made the life of the pavement much longer.    And so--then that was funded through the--I think it was through DOT, through the Sharp Program, or the through the Transportation Research Board, but the money came, to a large extent, from the Department of Transportation. So I think that's a clear example, in terms of how research has really led to longer lived, longer life, if you will, with regard to materials that every state DOT in the country uses.    Dr. Meyer. Yeah.    Dr. Meyer. Well--and I, you know, as a former researcher, there's always a lot of apples, you know, that you want to eat and bite into. I certainly believe that materials is an area where there's a lot yet to gain, in terms of higher strength, lower weight type of materials, the so-called composites and nanotechnology.    I--in--what we've been talking about before is the operations of the system, the V2V, V2I type of stuff, which I do think there's tremendous efficiencies and tremendous additional effectiveness that we can get out of our transportation systems by looking at how to better manage through technology. So I--that's another area where I think we can really gain a lot, in terms of research and technology development. But materials certainly is one where I think we can--we need to continue our research and technology to get those efficiencies out of the materials.    Dr. Meyer. Well, I'm not that familiar with vehicle composite--which is what Mr. Winfree was talking about, in terms of the vehicles themselves, but on the infrastructure side there's been a large amount of research on structures, bridges, for example, being designed and built out of composite material so that, in fact, they're much, much long--have longer lives, and they don't have to be maintained as much.    With regard to the safety element to it, I wouldn't say it so much on the composite materials side as it is the types of materials that you put into roads, intersections, and the interface with the vehicle and tires that, in fact, make the actual movement of the vehicle along that pavement much safer, in terms of what's wet pavement, and that type of stuff. So there's a lot of work that's been done on that. I wouldn't, again, call it a--composite materials, but it's a different type of materials research.    Safety is a huge focus for a lot of universities, as well as government agencies on the materials side, as well as on the operations side, and, as you mentioned, also on the vehicle side. So I think that one can certainly point to a fair amount of research that I'm aware of, at least at--on the materials side, that relates directly to safety--safe movement of vehicles and trucks.