    Ms. Norton. I just want to mention that the issues you are running into with drug testing is we can't just drug-test people. There has to be some predicate laid in a constitutional system to doing that, and that is why I think courts have cast some doubt on doing drug testing as drug testing.    I do want to note, especially the GAO report where no new recommendations were made, I put them in that the program is making some progress. And I note that the GAO report does note some continuing challenges, and the first one it notes is inadequate staffing levels. You know, if we want more of something, then we have to do more of something else.    So I want to congratulate all of you involved in the program for what you have been able to do at a time of sequestration with what resources you have. Congress is quick to chastise programs for what they haven't done but offers very little self-criticism of what its obligation is, so I do want that for the record to be known.    I also want to say for the record some of us have a tradition of trying to live for a week on SNAP benefits. All I can tell you, it took me close to starvation when I tried to adhere to it for a full week, so I am pretty convinced that they are not extravagant rewards here for needing what we used to call food stamps.    I was interested in this very low fraud rate because it is among the lowest if not the lowest in the Federal Government. You might expect it to be the highest given what we have just gone through in the Great Recession and the like. And so I am trying to get to the bottom of what is left. I am not sure anybody can get it to zero, and I compliment you for trying to do that.    But I want to know if the main part of SNAP's improper payments are administrative or are they fraud?    Ms. Norton. So give me examples of the kind of mistakes in the course ----    Ms. Norton. I don't know why you have to count both numbers. They are not the same numbers. I tell you one thing, if you are undercounting, you never get that money back, so I don't even understand how it helps us to understand what is happening to say lob it all together, who cares? But that ----    Ms. Norton. I thank the chairman very much for his intervention, and he is in a position to do it. I know he means it when he says it, my good friend.    I understand when you see this low level, wow, that the program has very strict eligibility requirements and a rigorous application process. You know, people don't like what you have to go through to apply for anything in government, but is that the case? And how do you facilitate people getting their benefits when the eligibility requirements are so strict and apparently adhered to?    Ms. Norton. Well, it took a recession to do it but I congratulate you for bringing forward people who are hungry and apparently needed the program all along.    Look, I don't see a lot to complain about in this program with your low eligibility rate, with the GAO who loves to tell people what they are doing wrong, saying they don't have any current recommendations at this time, so you deserve the commendation of the committee as well.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. Well, first of all, I think that the error rate speaks for itself and answers much that was raised in that regard.    And I must say, at a time when we have reduced among poor people as well as middle-class people the birth rate, it is inconceivable to me that somebody says, you know what, why don't I go out and get pregnant so I can get some food stamps.    I yield back to the gentleman.