    Mrs. Capps. Thank you very much. And thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding this hearing, all of the witnesses for your testimony.    I am pleased that we are here today to discuss post-acute care. I know how important this care is for patients who need continued medical attention. From long-term hospitals to home health providers, the various post-acute care providers all, each discipline offers essential healthcare services. I think we all agree that the way that post-acute care is delivered and paid for needs improvement.    There are many elements that go into making a high quality cost-effective system, and as with any change to Medicare, we must carefully consider the impact a policy change will have on the quality of care and access to care for patients. We first must need to gain a better understanding about how to measure quality of care across the different post-acute care settings.    Dr. Hammerman, in your testimony, you point out that the ACA put in place many important stepping stones for PAC, post-acute care reform. Currently, Medicare is testing and advancing a number of payment system reforms for post-acute care, including bundled payments and value-based purchasing.    So my first question to you, Dr. Hammerman, is to ask you to describe some of the bundling demonstrations that have been created under the ACA and what we are learning from them so far. That is just the first of a few questions I have.    Mrs. Capps. Excuse me, LTACH? Long-term care facility.    Mrs. Capps. Oh, got you.    Mrs. Capps. Awesome. As a nurse, I am always concerned about how policies that reform payments will affect the quality of care to patients, and demonstrations from the Affordable Care Act are going to be crucial to providing some of the information we need to measure quality across PAC providers, but more work is needed, and I look forward to any information you can supply.    My second question has to do with data from the IMPACT Act. While I share the concern of my colleagues that we must address the current challenges with post-acute care payments, it is important to look at the facts and examine the strategy you have already made. When the IMPACT Act was passed in the last Congress with strong bipartisan support, we ensured that post-acute care data could be standardized.    This standardization allows for the comparison of patient assessment data across the various types of providers. Dr. Hammerman, in your testimony, you attested to the ability of this bill to help develop an informed and evidence-based post-acute care bundling system.    Do we have all the data yet that the IMPACT Act might provide? If not, what kind of information might we learn about measuring quality of care in PACs? And if this is something that you would rather refer to one of your colleagues there, that is fine with me, too.    Mrs. Capps. Did you want to add one----    Mrs. Capps. Right.    Mrs. Capps. And we need data about them, it seems. I have one more question. I don't know if there are other people waiting to speak.    Mrs. Capps. OK, if you don't mind, extend my time a little bit. But I think we are at a point where, then you are saying, if I may extrapolate from what you said, that we have enough data already, that we can begin organizing and making some changes based on that, not to denigrate from the fact that we probably need more data.    But Mr. Russ, I had a question for you, because my biggest concern is that without the proper information, we risk setting up a new payment system that incentivize providers to cut corners on care. I think it is clear from today that more information is needed as we look at reforming post care, even though, as you say, we have a lot of data about things that are already working and could be.    Mrs. Capps. Right.    Mrs. Capps. Thank you. Thank you for allowing me to go further.