    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    On August 31, 2015, I along with 17 other members of this committee sent you a letter regarding concerns about the ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards that were in the process of being finalized. The final ozone rule was issued in October of last year. Mr. Chairman, I'd like to enter into the record our letter dated August 31, 2015.    Mr. Brooks. Several committee hearings in 2015 raised serious doubts about the underlying science used to justify the proposed ozone rule. You acknowledged two distinct sets of scientific studies used during the rulemaking process. The first set contains large population studies which you yourself acknowledged as being unreliable. The second set are human exposure studies of which there are only four such studies that the EPA and the Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee both reviewed.    In particular, the committee's letter raised concerns that the proposed ozone rule was based on a single study by Schelegle of just 31 individuals, 31 individuals, a remarkably small and unreliable sample size. More disconcerting was the inability of the Schelegle study to replicate key results from two other studies, as we clearly stated in this August 25 letter. In other words, your entire rule depends on one study. Administrator McCarthy, do you agree that the basis for the ozone rule relies heavily on this one study by Schelegle?    Mr. Brooks. Okay. That's not answering my question. Please just answer my question. Do you agree that the ozone rule relies heavily on this one study by Schelegle, yes or no?    Mr. Brooks. As a party of this committee's oversight and investigations, we requested documents concerning the ozone role from the Environmental Protection Agency. The Agency has produced documents to the Committee with massive amounts of redactions. Administrator McCarthy, these are apparently PowerPoint presentations titled ``Ozone NAAQS Option Selection Briefing and Ozone NAAQS Information Briefing.'' Almost the entirety of it is redacted as nonresponsive to the committee requests.    So let me just show you some of the stuff that we got. We've got 65 pages of responses, nonresponsive, nonresponsive, nonresponsive, nonresponsive, 65 pages. I would submit to you that these redactions are unacceptable, and I'll ask you today if you will agree to provide all of these documents to the Committee without any redactions?    Mr. Brooks. That's fine. I'm asking are you going to send to this committee the documents we have requested? I'm not concerned about documents you have sent. I'm concerned about documents that have not been sent.    Mr. Brooks. Will you commit to----    Mr. Brooks. And so to the extent then that there are materials that have not been submitted, you're telling this committee today that you will submit them?    Mr. Brooks. And it seems that a lot of your argument for these regulations is based on global warming or climate change, which seems to be the term that's used, but aren't you really talking about global warming?    Mr. Brooks. I know not the ozone. I'm going to the broader brush now----    Mr. Brooks. --carbon by way of example.    Mr. Brooks. And is sea rise one of the concerns?    Mr. Brooks. What is the largest body of ice on the planet?    Mr. Brooks. I'm sorry, you don't know--we're talking about melting ice that you are arguing is going to increase sea levels. That in turn is going to cost the American people billions of dollars to try to rectify it based on these standards that you're pushing down on them without Congressional approval, and you're telling me you don't know----    Mr. Brooks. --what the largest body of freshwater ice is on the planet?    Mr. Brooks. Well----    Mr. Brooks. Wait, I've got----    Mr. Brooks. --limited time. You don't know that the Antarctic----    Mr. Brooks. --continent----    Mr. Brooks. --comprises about 70 to 90 percent----    Mr. Brooks. --of the freshwater ice on the planet? I mean, that's a rather remarkable amount. That's not like there's a close second place that you have to worry about.    Mr. Brooks. Now, have I refreshed your recollection with respect to the Antarctic being the largest body of freshwater ice on the planet?    Mr. Brooks. Now you're aware of that? Okay. That's good. Now----    Mr. Brooks. What a bummer, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.