    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman. I am very upset today, more than normally. There it is. The fact is----    Mr. Rohrabacher. And I am sorry if I--and I will try to contain myself.    The State Department and this administration has again decided to slap the face of a person who we rely upon to defeat radical Islamic terrorism. The administration has again targeted a prominent enemy of radical Islamic terrorism in order to humiliate to his own people. I am talking about this administration's denial of a right to the Vice President, the Senior Vice President of Afghanistan, to come here and talk to the Congress. This is a slap in the face to the Congress as well.    Who is going to trust us to be on our side in the fight against radical Islamic terrorism if we treat those people who are allies in this way? Yes, he is an imperfect person. The fact is that he is fighting--that Vice President Dostum of Afghanistan happens to have been essential in the defeat of Taliban and al-Qaeda forces after 9/11.    Shame on this administration for that. Shame on them for slapping the face of other people trying to help us defeat the radicals who would kill our own people.    Thank you, Madam Chairman.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Madam Chairman. Obviously from my opening 1 minute, I am very disturbed about a major slap in the face to someone who is Vice President, Senior Vice President of Afghanistan, who was instrumental in defeating the Taliban and al-Qaeda forces shortly after 9/11, and I just don't understand that. But it seems to be a pattern in this administration where they go after the people who are the most friendly to the United States and use a very soft approach and conciliatory approach toward those who would slaughter Americans by the thousands if they had a chance.    Let's go to Dr. Afridi and why we have to provide F-16s and military equipment to a country, that Dr. Afridi's imprisonment continues to be basically an act by the Pakistani Government to basically thumb their nose at the United States and the people of the United States.    Here is the man who permitted us with his activity to bring to justice the criminal who slaughtered, the criminal terrorist who helped slaughter, not helped but planned the slaughter of 3,000 Americans on 9/11, and here we can't grant a passport to the man who helped defeat the radical Islamists in Afghanistan, but we are going to give aid, continue to give aid to the country that holds Dr. Afridi, the person who helped us defeat, or bring to justice the man who murdered our people, that we can't even demand that he be freed from the dungeons he is being held in.    That makes no sense. Can you make some sense out of that for me?    Mr. Rohrabacher. You don't believe that he really decided that on his own? I am happy to see that you are towing the line. It is your job to be here and say that to us, but nobody buys that.    I mean, the bottom line is we have slapped him in the face. Let me just put it for the record, General Dostum, now Vice President Dostum, was pivotal after 9/11 in organizing the Northern Alliance. He put together a force that defeated the Taliban. When his forces, by the way, removed the Taliban from Kabul, there were only 200 American troops on the ground at that time. That was a very hard-fought battle. He was in front of the troops most of the time leading the way. This is a very brave man and a very yes, flawed man, no doubt. We are all flawed.    And what they are saying that he committed, the horrible crime he committed was in Afghan tradition when someone surrenders, they surrender and pledge not to try to overpower their captors. The captors pledge not to kill the people they have captured. That is so ingrained in the Afghans that otherwise their whole history would be killing all the prisoners.    After the Taliban forces were defeated in one of the first major battles, General Dostum had hundreds of prisoners who had surrendered. They were a holed up in a French fort. I happened to have visited that fort. We had one CIA agent there trying to figure out what was going on. And the prisoners broke their pledge, broke the word, committed the atrocity of rising up against their captors and murdered a number of General Dostum's men, as well our own CIA agent. And yes after that, Dostum took more lives to defeat, more lives to defeat, those forces who were now in charge of that fort. And once they captured those men again, he didn't know what to do with them. He put them into container trucks and drove them off somewhere, and, yes, they probably died a horrible death.    They made the decision to rise up against their captors. They made the decision to kill an unarmed American CIA agent who was there trying to get a figure about what was going on. And for this administration to withhold a visa from him and slap him in the face because of that, knowing that he helped defeat the people who slaughtered 3,000 Americans, is insane.    And then we go to Pakistan, and they have Dr. Afridi in jail. And the Pakistanis, we know, what do they use their own weapons for? To kill the Baloch by the thousands and to attack their neighbors by supporting terrorist incursions into India.    One last question. Okay. What more can Pakistan do that would have us cut off the military aid? What other evil deeds could they possibly do that would put us to the point where we won't any longer give them the weapons they need to kill innocent people and undercut the security of the region?    Mr. Rohrabacher. What about the Pakistanis suffering the consequences of their decisions? No. We are just going to keep the money flowing no matter what they do. It is debatable whether or not they have encouraged the Taliban leaders that you are talking about to actually go and try to do something or whether they are financing the Taliban leaders with our money. This is insanity. This administration has a--it is not just this administration. This started when we forced Karzai down the throats of the Afghan people, a man with no popular support whatsoever, a man who has family deeply involved with various criminal activities. We laid the groundwork before this administration, and this administration continues this type of insanity that is leading to many deaths by Americans throughout this country.