    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Heavenly Father, I do bow humbly before you, thankful for every blessing of life, Father, thankful for this nation that we have and the freedoms that we enjoy through your divine providence. Father, I just ask that you fill this body with wisdom and discernment and that all that is said and done be pleasing to you. I ask in Jesus' name, amen.    The Chairman. Thank you, Rick. This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture regarding the review of agricultural subsidies in foreign countries, will come to order. I am pleased to have two expert witnesses with us this morning to talk about the topic, and I will not steal any of their thunder, but it is important for us to observe several studies listing the high and rising subsidies, tariffs, and non-tariff barriers being thrown up by our trading partners. Two of the authors of these studies are with us today, and it is my understanding that some of the subsidies, tariffs, and non-tariff barriers they report are so blatant that they are clear violations of the countries' WTO commitments.    I hope everyone takes a close look at these studies because they underscore two things: First, the United States Government needs to stand up to the countries that fail to abide by their commitments, and, second, we need strong U.S. farm policy as a modest response to foreign competitors that cheat.    It is disturbing that as this Committee worked to produce a farm bill that significantly reformed U.S. farm policy, achieving an estimated $23 billion in savings, many of our biggest trading partners were apparently increasing to new heights their already high tariffs, subsidies, and other trade barriers.    This is a troubling development for three reasons. First, free markets are the most effective means for ordering our economy. Trade agreements foster free markets by establishing rules for all countries to follow. We all know and agree on these things. But when trading partners do not follow the rules that they agreed to and it goes unchallenged, two serious problems develop. One, the American farmer and rancher lose market opportunities they were promised. This hurts our farmers and ranchers, it harms our economy, and it costs American jobs. As a result of the first problem, the second problem arises, and that is America's farmers and ranchers lose faith in trade agreements. Given the current debate over TPA, it is safe to say that free trade cannot afford to lose the support of American agriculture. The United States Government must enforce our trade agreements.    Second, American agriculture is incredibly dependent on trade. We all know this and agree on it. For example, 80 to 85 percent of the American cotton crop each year is exported. If our trade agenda freezes up because American agriculture loses confidence in trade, the biggest losers under that scenario are America's farmers and ranchers. We cannot afford to let that happen. Rigorous enforcement of our rights under trade agreements is part of the solution, but addressing the double-standard that exists between developed and large, emerging economies is of vital importance as well.    The key to getting stalled multi-lateral efforts like the Doha Development Agenda back on track is recognizing the disproportionate impact trade-distorting subsidies from large, emerging economies are having on world prices.    And, finally, my part of the country is particularly dependent upon trade. Our biggest cash crop in Texas is cotton. Unfortunately, trade in the world cotton market is neither fair nor free. Communist China's Government controls most of the world market. And what China does not control, countries like India and Turkey fill in the void to make the global cotton market absolutely haywire. For instance, we saw world cotton prices reach a record level in 2011 as China pursued a policy of building up stocks to an historic level. And then we saw prices nose-dive toward the end of last year when the Chinese Government changed its mind. Prices for cotton remain low today, and according to USDA, the Chinese Government's change in course could mean many years of depressed world cotton prices. The U.S. Government must work to address these problems through the WTO, and it must also stand by America's cotton farmers while the situation is made right.    On a related note, concerning our largest competitors, I recently read a report that Brazil is deliberating a new challenge to U.S. farm policy, this time against corn and soybeans. Let me just say this: Brazil's case against U.S. cotton was without merit from start to finish, but the WTO was determined to rule in Brazil's favor no matter the facts and rules. The WTO must now work to right that wrong by being vigilant and wary in regard to Brazil's latest saber rattling, and the United States must defend its farmers in a world where trade manipulation and distortions by foreign governments often come at the expense of America's farmers.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you gentlemen being here today. And I will start with you, Mr. Thorn. You indicated in your written testimony that extremely high support levels for long-grain rice in China and as the gentlelady from Arizona referenced 100 percent that she talked about in her questioning, and it has come to my attention recently that China is actually taking an interest in U.S. rice, in purchasing some long- and medium-grain rice and which obviously I appreciate, coming from a rice district, a rice state. Still, a few SPS concerns with that, but in light of the fact that the extreme subsidization for rice and China's position on their own domestic rice production and their political interests, should we be skeptical about that? What do you think about that interest in U.S. long-grain and medium rice?    Mr. Crawford. So despite their interest, we still see some pretty significant impediments to access in that market.    Mr. Crawford. That almost harkens back to our Step 2 program in cotton to a certain degree, doesn't it, that we had to dismantle for similar reasons. I appreciate you bringing that point up.    Let me get to another issue and to both of you. Both of you made reference to this in your testimonies. Illegal subsidies are very difficult to enforce, the WTO, either that or as a nation, we are just simply not willing to bring those cases to WTO for whatever political reasons might be. It doesn't seem like that is changing in this environment right now. We are seeing countries that are figuring out ways to try and cheat the system.    But my question is this to both of you. What do you think is our best option? Do you think we need to pressure the Executive Branch a little more or do you think that Congress needs to weigh in legislatively and create some vehicle to pursue some stronger enforcement remedies that the industries then can utilize to advocate for themselves? And Dr. Hudson, if you would, I will start with you on that.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Davis, for 5 minutes.