    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you to the witnesses for sharing with us today.    Ms. Garton, you shared the success story of Pindrop, and I appreciate your testimony because it gives us a real-life example that makes it easier to understand the importance of research.    Bill Gates once said--who is obviously one of the great innovators of our time. He said that governments will always play a big part in solving big problems. They set public policy and are uniquely able to provide the resources to make sure solutions reach everyone who needs them. They also fund basic research, which is a crucial component of the innovation that improves life for everyone.    Having an engineering background and sitting on this Committee, I've really enjoyed getting to go see where this research is being done. I made a trip out to the Berkeley National Research Lab and I saw some very exciting research there in biofuels and creating economical methods to use our bioresources to make all kinds of fuels and chemicals. I saw some innovative research with nanotechnology with a material that it's envisioned that if you could create a filter out of this material, you could essentially clean the entire stack emissions from a coal-fired plant, very exciting stuff.    In my home state, the institutions of higher learning are doing some neat research. The University of Arkansas Institute for Nanoscience and Engineering Technology, just amazing some of the things that they are doing.    What I would like to ask you, we've talked about some success stories but could you share with us maybe one exciting new innovation that's on the horizon that's taking place at your organizations and how close are we to seeing those become reality, and I'll start with you, Dr. Khargonekar.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you.    Dr. Lauer?    Mr. Westerman. Thank you.    Mr. Westerman. Thank you.    Thank you, Madam Chair, for indulging a little extra time. I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Lipinski.