    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to start out by addressing air quality, and I have here the air quality section from a report done by the Alabama Policy Institute that shows that since 1980, our GDP has increased by 467 percent, vehicle miles traveled up 94 percent. The population's grown by 38 percent. Energy consumption is up 22 percent. But emissions are down 50 percent. When you look at the air quality index and the percentage of days per year that the air quality index exceeded the standards, we went from about 24 percent in 1980 to about two percent. So there's no question that we have done an excellent job of improving air quality yet the asthma rate has gone up. I think that's been mentioned several times.    I'd also like to point out that there might be other factors that cause asthma rates to have gone up, and for instance, here's a report from UCLA, University of California, Los Angeles, in case anyone wonders what the acronym is. It says asthma disproportionately affects low-income populations, and the percentages are astonishing, frankly, that it would have such a higher prevalence among low-income families when I think--and I'll ask my colleague from California, Mr. Knight, I believe that higher-income families breathe the same air as the low-income families. So, Mr. Chairman, I'd like to enter into the record the article and the section from the report on air quality, and I'll also point out----    Mr. Palmer. Thank you.    As well that there is an estimate on what the ozone--new ozone regulations will cost. I find it interesting, Mr. Kerr, that the EPA seems to think that there's not going to be an impact. Is it possible in your mind just rationally thinking this through that the additional regulations that are being imposed on businesses that are going to result in substantial job losses, that's going to result in less disposable household income, that will result in lower incomes could have a more negative effect on health and well-being of people than any positive effect that additional regulations would impose, considering the improvements that we've made already?    Mr. Palmer. My question is, do the people who work for the businesses of the United States and earn income do better in terms of health and well-being than people who have no income and no job?    Mr. Palmer. That's part of what I would consider commonsense policy.    In May of--in a May 29, 2015, interview with PBS News Hour, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy stated the following: that farmers will know very clearly here we are clearly explaining that irrigation ditches are not included. We have clearly said in the rule beyond this rule adds absolutely no regulatory or permitting issue to agriculture whatsoever. Do you agree with that statement?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. We'll come back to that as the last opportunity for you to speak.    Mr. Kerr, former EPA Office of Water Deputy Administrator Nancy Stoner previously stated that the rule will not have a negative effect on small businesses. She said the Agency sought early and wide input from small businesses while developing the proposed rule including meetings as far back as 2011. Do you agree with this statement, that the rule will not have a negative impact on small businesses?    Mr. Palmer. Well, that conclusion is consistent with what the National Federation of Independent Business concluded. They had a Small Business Optimism Index and found that small business owners attributed regulations as the single-most important problem facing businesses today.    So you said that you'd like to elaborate on something. You may do so.    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Chairman, just one last point. I want to point out that Dr. Phillip Lloyd, former U.N. International Panel on Climate Change lead author, found that global temperature change over the last 100 years is well within the natural variability of the last 8,000 years. Standard deviation over the last 8,000 years is .98 degrees Celsius. I want to emphasis point 98----    Mr. Palmer. Over the last years it's been .85 degrees Celsius.