    Mr. RENTON. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Velazquez, members of the Committee, I really appreciate you inviting me here today.    My name is Peter Renton, and I help run three businesses that are all focused on the peer-to-peer lending industry. I am the Founder and CEO of Lend Academy, which operates the leading peer-to-peer lending blog, podcast, and community forum. I am also the Co-Founder and CEO of the LendIt Conference, which is the first and largest conference series dedicated to the broader online lending community.    I am also a Co-Founder of NSR Invest, which is an investment and analytics platform that provides access to peer-to-peer marketplaces for financial advisors, institutional investors, and individuals.    As you can tell, I am not from this country. I grew up in Sydney, Australia, where my father was an entrepreneur, and I joined the family printing business one year after graduating college.    Like most entrepreneurs in Australia, I dreamed of one day starting a business in this country, and I was able to do that in 1991 when I moved to Denver, Colorado to expand our family printing business. Since then, I have started several other businesses, and in 2003, I proudly became a United States citizen.    I have been investing in peer-to-peer lending platforms, now often referred to as ``marketplace lending platforms,'' since 2009. I have been covering this industry full time as a blogger and analyst since 2010.    What I would like to do in this testimony is give you a little history and overview of the peer-to-peer lending industry, particularly as it pertains to small business.    In this country, peer-to-peer lending began in 2006 with the launch of Prosper. Industry leader Lending Club followed just a year later. The SEC decided in 2008 that the loans issued by these companies were in fact securities and should be registered with the SEC. So, both companies went through a long and expensive registration process to allow themselves to remain open to non-accredited investors and to comply with this decision.    To this day, these companies are the only peer-to-peer lending platforms to have undertaken this registration process, while there are dozens of platforms today, every other company is only open to accredited or institutional investors.    It should be noted that Lending Club and Prosper are primarily consumer lending platforms, that they have been doing quasi-small business loans since inception. Many small business owners use their personal credit to fund their businesses. I have done that myself in the past.    Since inception, Lending Club and Prosper have originated around $200 million in personal loans that were actually used for small business purposes.    In addition to these personal business loans, Lending Club has had their own small business lending operation for over a year offering term loans of between one and five years. Lending Club does not share their loan volume here but my understanding is this initiative is still relatively small but is growing quickly.    Prosper has a referral program with OnDeck Capital, the largest online small business lender.    I should explain the variety of products offered by the broader online lending industry. There are term loans such as what Sam from Funding Circle just described. Lending Club also does those. These are one to five year amortizing loans with relatively low interest rates.    There are lines of credit that can be drawn against as the need arises. This has a very wide range of interest rates. Merchant cash advance is the most high interest option. These are short term advances with repayments tied to credit card charges.    There is invoice finance, also known as ``factoring,'' where small businesses can get immediate cash for their receivables. There is also crowdfunding which is often confused with peer-to-peer lending. It is not lending at all. It can be an equity based investment or it can be a rewards based donation.    What can government do? I appreciate the fact that you are having this hearing and you are interested in learning more about this industry. The continued growth of this industry will provide many benefits to small business owners and the economy as a whole.    As to what government can do, here I would like to describe some of the actions the U.K. government has taken. They provide a blueprint for supportive actions that a government can take to impact this industry. Number one, since 2012, the British Business Bank, which is wholly owned by the U.K. government, has been investing in small business loans issued by online platforms like Funding Circle in the U.K.    While the total investment is relatively small, this action has given the industry there a tremendous boost in credibility and trust among investors and borrowers.    They have also created a new regulatory framework specifically for the peer-to-peer lending industry. Last year, the U.K. government announced the creation of a bank mandatory referral scheme, where banks that reject small businesses for a loan must refer these businesses to alternative lenders.    I am not saying the U.S. Government should copy these actions, but rather they provide some ideas of how governments can support this burgeoning sector.    I firmly believe that small business lending is going through a transformation that will have a dramatic impact on the growth of small business in this country. I hope and trust that you will see the benefits we bring and will be supportive of this transformation.    Thank you.    Mr. RENTON. The most asked question I receive is can you please fund my loan. That is what most people want. Seriously, what small business borrowers want to know is are they getting ripped off. They want to basically know that the options that are available to them are appropriate, and they also want to know what is the quickest, as Zach just talked about, he needed funds quickly. That speed is one of the themes. They know a bank is going to take one or two or three months. They need something quicker than that. They want to know what their options are.    Mr. RENTON. Yes.    Mr. RENTON. I do not think so. First, let's address the first part of that question. There is no doubt that institutional investors are looking at this as a class and devoting a lot of capital to it.    I want to defend the retail investor. I am a retail investor myself, have been for many years. I have found that there was a time a couple of years ago where they had to make some tweaks to their systems but today, retail investors get a good deal. Retail investors can invest on Lending Club, on Prosper, on Funding Circle. They can invest in loans, and the playing field is level. They have made it that way.    As to institutional investors, why they are doing it, obviously, they are doing it for yield. These are often people or institutions that were not involved in the lending business at all. There are some hedge funds, there are some insurance companies.    These are companies that for the most part are new to the lending industry. They were deploying capital that might have gone into the equities market or the bond market and they are deploying it into this industry.    Mr. RENTON. I do not see a negative impact.    Mr. RENTON. As far as abuses go, there have really been no cases of abuses on the platform level. Of course, there are always going to be borrowers who are looking to commit fraud, and for the most part, the platforms do a very good job of really isolating those and rejecting them.    As far as on the investor side and the platform side, there has been no cases of abuses whatsoever.    Mr. RENTON. Yes, I think it would be nice if there was some specific guidelines for this industry, but I think the system as it is today is working.    Mr. RENTON. I think the eight percent number refers to the consumer side of P2P lending. On the small business side, Sam could obviously give you the exact number for his platform. I believe it is much higher than eight percent.    Having said that, there are still rules and guidelines these platforms put in place.    If you are a start-up with no history, it is going to be hard for you to find a loan. If you have never made money in the history of your business, you are going to find it hard to get a loan through the major online lending players.    Mr. RENTON. I think that is happening. I know people that are going to multiple sites at the same time because they want to see the different rates. I do not see anything wrong with that. I think there are different models out there, as Raj was saying. The predominant model today is the fixed price model where the platform sets the risk. Whether that wins out in the end remains to be seen, but that is certainly the most predominant one today.    Mr. RENTON. I would just say one of the great things about these online marketplaces is they operate online, so geographically, they are completely open to everybody. It is not like there are certain banks that do not operate in certain areas or you have to travel two hours to go to your local bank. The great thing about online is it is convenient to the entire country and there is no discrimination whatsoever when it comes to access.    I think having that be a central tenant, and the other thing I would say is there has been talk about partnerships with CDFIs, which I think is still in its infancy, but CDFIs and community banks could very well use some of the technological know-how these online platforms have. I know there has been some talks in this area. I think that is somewhere organizations that serve these underserved areas can really benefit.    Mr. RENTON. As I said earlier, there has actually been no cases of fraud in this country on the platform side. The borrower side is a different story, on the consumer side. Sam can probably talk about his experiences with fraud.    Fraud on the platform side, which is a problem in some countries, it simply has not been a problem in this country, and I think even though there is a myriad of rules and regulations that these platforms have to adhere to, for the most part that works when it comes to deterring fraud.    Mr. RENTON. Yes.    Mr. RENTON. The safeguards that are in place today are sufficient to deter fraud. That is what I am saying.    Mr. RENTON. I really think it is a great idea. One of the things these platforms have an advantage over is speed. They can move very quickly. This is still a pretty nascent industry, and there is not a whole lot of infrastructure in place compared to the traditional banking system.    I think Sam can probably talk about this, I think if there was some sort of arrangement in place that encouraged the platforms to really focus on the hard hit areas, they could move very quickly, I think.    Mr. RENTON. There are also other online platforms that are not really peer-to-peer but that operate in a similar way from the borrower side that are even faster. There are companies like Cabbage and OnDeck that provide cash to businesses literally within minutes. Those are the sort of platforms that would also be able to work much quicker than the traditional bank.