    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary. China's economy has entered a new phase. It has to contend with slower growth for the first time in decade and we should expect China to manage this shift with domestic and international actions that are nationalistic and even provocative. I am convinced that our reactions should be a deepening of our ties regionally and multilaterally. As we do, it is critical that we remember that some of our strongest partners in the Western Hemisphere are also strong partners in the Pacific realm and that we should build upon those relationships to work together in Asia.    And there is no question in my mind that economic and diplomatic engagement is our strongest means of influence globally and that certainly is the case in Asia. And I don't think militarily, when I consider any rise in tensions in the region as some do--I think about economic engagement instead, global rules and investment in cultural exchange.    In fact, oftentimes people are looking at it and they say China--well, I think TPP and the last I looked China is actually not a part of TPP. So when we talk about TPP and China a threat as we do TPP, well, TPP is actually a counter to China and hopefully will get China to then adhere to global standards and rules which they may not, which is more reason why we should do TPP because it is leveling the playing field for businesses with strong rules in place where they were weak or nonexistent.    But my question is from some of my colleagues that I, you know, hear issues back and forth as we debate this issue that even an agreement like TPP, that has high standards as you talked about, is only as good as its implementation and enforcement and that is what I keep getting back.    For example, I even have some concerns about governments that developed state-owned enterprises to avoid living up to their TPP commitments and localization requirements that limit the competitiveness of U.S. companies' all over dollar security.    So my question would be, first, how can the administration ensure that our TPP partners adhere to the rules of TPP, should we get it done, because that is always a question that some have. So how would we do that?    And secondly, you know, I think we do have to make the geopolitical--there is a geopolitical argument to be made. Geopolitically, what happens in the region that we are so concerned about if we don't do TPP?    Let me just ask those two questions first.