    Mr. Hubbard. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, members of the committee. The Forest Service, just as a little bit of background of how we get into this, our latest fire season we responded to 47,000 fires. We had 9 million acres of affected territory. We mobilized 27,000 people, with another 5,000 in reserve for initial attack.    The future of wildland fire, especially in the West, is probably not going to be much different than that. It--the vegetative conditions, the drought, and the nature of our forests is going to be prone to this kind of fire for some time to come.    Our primary initial attack firefighting tool is aviation. We send air tankers as fast as we can. They don't put fires out, ground troops do, but they are an initial attack response. They also support large fire, and our priority is always life and property, so that gets the most attention.    Unmanned aviation systems are also useful to us. In firefighting they help us with situational awareness, they help us with communication, they help us with monitoring and tracking fire behavior, all safety issues that are valuable.    Our challenge is the incursions. I wouldn't say that our statistics are significant compared to everybody else's, but the trend is a little bit worrisome. In 2014, we only had four incursions. In 2015 we had 21 incursions. So it is on the rise. Twelve of those incursions stopped those initial attack operations. That is not something that we welcome.    And it is further complicated because we are talking about aircraft that operate in a complex environment. We are talking about rotary aircraft, as well as fixed-wing aircraft over the fire at the same time. We are talking about 150 feet of operational altitude. We are talking about, prior to, temporary flight restriction. So it is not a simple matter.    We don't presume to know how to address this. We rely on the FAA. But the Department of the Interior and the Forest Service and the State firefighting organizations all worked together with FAA and the Department of Homeland Security on the technology and how to work our way through this.    In the meantime, public education is important. When we have fire, flames, and smoke in the air, we do get some media attention, and we incorporate into that as a regular message that, if you fly, we can't. So, trying to get that kind of a word out so people understand. A lot of this is from those who don't understand.    So, our risks are significant, we believe, if something were to happen in the air with a drone and our aircraft. Our frequency is not that much, but the trend would--is worrisome. We worry about the risk of identification and avoidance, so a few problems to solve.    We also recognize that this is--UAS is a valuable tool that we also take advantage of. Be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Hubbard. They are very useful, in terms of collecting the information and what we are dealing with on the land. So that kind of overflight to give us a good assessment of what is out there, without taking all the time and expense to go find out on the ground, is very helpful to us.    Mr. Hubbard. Well, primarily, the situational awareness, keeping track of what is going on, where our crews are on the ground, how the fire is behaving, and making sure that nobody is in harm's way unnecessarily, and that we can have the right kind of communications with those crews, in case they need to move, and move quickly. It gives us a lot of advance warning.    Mr. Hubbard. That is a difficult one to say. I would have liked to have had it available.    Mr. Hubbard. I think we need some help of some kind, because when we are fighting fire, we are at very low altitudes, and in very complex situations with a lot of distractions, not the least of which is smoke. So it is--the sense-and-avoid is very difficult. And if the technology isn't there for the sense-and-avoid, then we have to turn to the education or to the regulation.    Mr. Hubbard. Until technology catches up, public awareness.    Mr. Hubbard. The summary of the incursions?    Mr. Hubbard. Yes, we have that available now.    Mr. Hubbard. No, that is just capturing what we have encountered. And we turn to FAA and others for recommendations.    Mr. Hubbard. Yes.    Mr. Hubbard. In back-country fires, not a lot. It gets bigger. In interface fires, where you have life and property at risk, it, of course, depends on the situation. But it could be dramatic.    Mr. Hubbard. Loss of property, for sure. And sometimes putting lives at risk.    Mr. Hubbard. MOA, yes.    Mr. Hubbard. How we would want to proceed together to try to resolve these kinds of issues, because we know we are an outlier, in terms of our statistics and our operating altitudes. And it is going to be a little more complicated. So we need some help.    Mr. Hubbard. We burned 9 million acres.    Mr. Hubbard. 47,000 fires.    Mr. Hubbard. No.