    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair, as always for your leadership on this issue and so many other issues. I also want to thank our distinguished guests who took the time to be here with us today. During this hearing I look forward to discussing strategies to address sex trafficking as an issue that we are dealing with here in the United States as well as abroad. And hopefully we can embrace an inclusive approach that acknowledges the international nature of this. It is also important to note, unfortunately, that U.S. nationals are also perpetrators of sex crimes abroad, and I will be particularly interested in hearing about that since I know that a couple of you are involved in that.    We know that the issue affects millions of adults and children, men, and women worldwide who are victimized across a wide range of commercial sex and forced labor schemes. In the United States and in my congressional district and in some cities, the population that is particularly vulnerable, especially the child population, to sex trafficking, are kids in the child welfare system; that is an issue that we are concerned about in my city but we have also worked on in a bipartisan basis.    I had an experience a couple of years ago of having a young foster child, former foster child, who told me that her experience being in the child welfare system actually she felt prepared her to be trafficked because she was so used to being moved around place to place, and people who were involved with her were all paid to be with her. And so we know that this story here is far too common. And in a bipartisan effort to drastically decrease the number of foster youth who experience this horrible exploitation, I have reintroduced legislation called Strengthening the Child Welfare Response to Trafficking Act this year. The legislation passed the House unanimously, and over in the Senate, the language from that bill was put in a bill. And Mr. Chair, you might know that that is coming back our way next week, and we hope to have it on the President's desk very soon.    So I look forward to your testimony today and how we can learn from what you have done around the world and how we can apply your experiences and lessons here in the United States. Thank you.    Ms. Bass. Well, I want to acknowledge my good colleague who is also from your State, Mia Love, Congresswoman Mia Love, who just came. So a couple of things. I also was interested in some of the same questions that the Congressman asked. I was very interested in what happened to the girls, and also what happened to the men. Because, as I watched the tape as it was going, the first thing that came to my mind is that do they get released, and then do they go back after the girls? You know what I mean? Do they capture the girls?    And then I would like to ask Ms. Jacinto, if you could please explain when you were rescued, what was it that allowed you to not go back? And then I just want to make a brief statement for the record.    Ms. Bass. Excuse me, and also Ms. Jacinto, because I know I won't be able to come back, so I just really wanted to hear from her.    Ms. Bass. My question was whether she could recall one thing that really allowed her to be able to stay away, and not get pulled back.    Ms. Bass. Foster care?