    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it very much. I wish everybody a merry, merry Christmas, and a happy holiday season. Thank you all very much for being here. It is very important for us here on the committee, and for our fellow Americans.    Chair Matz, I would like to ask you a couple of questions, if I may. Are you familiar with the December 14th announcement by Chair White dealing with the new regulatory process, dealing with asset managers? Are you familiar with that?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Can you remember what the content of that was, ma'am? Okay, let me help you out. Could you speak a little bit closer to the microphone? My ears aren't what they used to be.    In that, Chair White mentioned that going forward and regulating the asset managed, she would be looking at liquidity risk, leverage, as per use of derivatives, stress testing, and things of that nature. Does that ring a bell?    Mr. Poliquin. Does that ring a bell?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, good. And can you think of anything that the SEC is not doing to regulate asset management, so good at doing this for 75 years. Can you think of anything that she has left out in the new way that she is proposing to raise asset managers?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay, good. I am going to take that as that you don't have anything to add with respect to her job regulating asset managers. Are you familiar, ma'am, with the FSOC's decision to review asset managers' products and activities?    Mr. Poliquin. You are? Okay, because you voted on that, it was unanimous back in December of last year, I believe. Are you also familiar with Section 113 of the Dodd-Frank Act?    Mr. Poliquin. Good, okay. There are 11 different parts of that Section 113, Ms. Matz. One of them, which deals with what you folks are responsible for in weighing whether or not an asset manager, mutual fund, pension fund managers, so forth and so on, should be so designated as SIFI.    One of them, ``The degree to which the company is already regulated by one or more primary financial regulatory agencies--''    The SEC is one of those primary regulatory agencies, right, from asset managers? Okay. So my question to you, Ms. Matz, is what in the world is FSOC even doing in this business? We have a regulator here that has been doing this for 75 years.    You agreed there was nothing you can think of to add to her job. But at the same time, you voted along with everybody else to consider designating asset managers as SIFIs. So what am I getting wrong here?    Mr. Poliquin. Speak up, please. My ears are bad.    Mr. Poliquin. That is legal speak. That is the same thing. If you are asking the staff, and you folks are going to decide whether or not you are going to designate an asset manager as a SIFI, and looking at the criteria thereof, that is the same thing, isn't it?    Mr. Poliquin. I know you haven't. Why are you even in this business?    Mr. Poliquin. She is already doing that. The SEC is already doing that. I just read you the criteria, ma'am. She is dealing with liquidity risk, and leverages, respect to derivatives, and stress testing, and everything else. And you couldn't add anything else to the parade. So my question is, why don't you folks move on? You have other good things to do. Why should you get involved in this space at all?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Let me--no, I am asking you, ma'am. Ms. Matz, I am asking you. Thank you.    All right. Let me ask you this question. Since you folks clearly have gone down this path or are going down this path to consider whether or not you should designate an asset manager as a SIFI, you must have some analysis which concludes that what the SEC doing is not full. Do you have that analysis for me or for my office?    Mr. Poliquin. Do you have the analysis that you use, Ms. Matz, and everybody else used to so determine that the SEC is not fulfilling their job?    Mr. Poliquin. It does dictate advice--    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. Well, you had to make the decision based on what?    Mr. Poliquin. Let's move on a little bit. Are you familiar with a study done by Mr. Douglas Holtz-Eakin, the former Director of the nonpartisan CBO?    Mr. Poliquin. All right. You are probably not. It was done in 2014. Let me just give you the ultimate conclusion. It basically says the following: If an asset manager that represents no systemic risk to the markets or to the economy, if they are so designated as a SIFI, then the costs will go up. And we have discussed this today. The product offerings will go down. And the long-term rate of return of savers for their retirement and putting their kids through college will likely go down by 25 percent.    Now also in Section 113 of Dodd-Frank, there are other risks that you should consider. Do you folks consider the risk to the small investor such as a nurse in Lewiston, Maine, or a logger in Dover-Foxcroft, Maine, who are trying to save money for their retirement or for their kids' education, are you considering the risk to them if the asset managers that run their money are so designated as SIFI and they get dinged by about 25 percent in their rate of return? Do you consider that?    Mr. Poliquin. Okay. So when you factor in the economic cost to the people we are supposed to help in this country in making these decisions, whether or not an asset manager should be so designated a SIFI.