    Mr. Pittenger. Secretary Lew, there has been some discussion today, a considerable amount, regarding the debt. From what I understood, you seemed to be somewhat dismissive of this concern and of the threat. Do you see it as a threat?    Mr. Pittenger. Do you see it as an economic--    Mr. Pittenger. Okay. But do you see it--    Mr. Pittenger. Do you see it as a level of concern as much as Iran--    Mr. Pittenger. --in terms of national security and economic security?    Mr. Pittenger. How would you place it?    Mr. Pittenger. No.    Mr. Pittenger. Sir--    Mr. Pittenger. --with all due respect, let me ask you--this is the question I am asking. How do you view the threat? Do you view it as important as the concern we have with Iran and the security threat there?    Mr. Pittenger. The economic threat that we have with the debt--    Mr. Pittenger. --do you sense that? Is that as compelling to you?    Mr. Pittenger. They are.    Mr. Pittenger. I understand that.    You heard the statement from Admiral Mullen earlier, and you hear it from Peter Orszag still today, the former budget writer for Mr. Obama, still talking about the trajectory of spending and the concerns over the debt.    I was with Erskine Bowles over the weekend. I have known Erskine for 25 years. He made a statement publicly this last fall regarding the spending levels and the debt and where that is headed.    There are a lot of people who give a clear focus on the debt and see it as a major priority and a concern. And what I am asking you, do you see the same level of concern--when you put your head on a pillow at night, does that keep you awake as much as Al Qaeda?    Mr. Pittenger. No, no, no. That is not the question, with all due respect.    Mr. Pittenger. I am asking you today.    Mr. Pittenger. Is it a vital concern to you today?    Mr. Pittenger. So $18 trillion, that is not a concern to you?    Mr. Pittenger. And the trajectory of spending is going up--    Mr. Pittenger. --not leveling off.    Mr. Pittenger. Here is Erskine Bowles--    Mr. Pittenger. Excuse me. Here is Erskine Bowles, October 2014: ``The deficit is projected to return to an upward path over the rest of the decade and beyond.''    Sir, a lot of smart people disagree with you. A lot of smart people are concerned about the trajectory of spending and the imploding debt and the fiscal crisis that is going to put us in. And what I am asking you is, do you not share that concern?    Mr. Pittenger. Do you think it is enough to talk about, to bring it to the American people?    Mr. Pittenger. Sir, in all due respect, the man that you work for, that you report to, has he ever brought it up in an inauguration? Has he ever brought it up at the State of the Union address? He came here to the Capitol this week to talk about TPA. Has he ever come to talk to the Members of Congress about the debt and the--    Mr. Pittenger. The man that you advise, do you advise him to address this debt concern?    Mr. Pittenger. That is--    Mr. Pittenger. I am talking about the future.    Mr. Pittenger. There are a lot of smart people who proceeded you in your job who have serious concerns about it.    Let me go on to another issue, and that deals with FATF. There are 34 countries, as you know, committed to the 40 recommendations of FATF in going after terrorism, terrorism financing. What capabilities do we have of going after those countries that are not in compliance?    We have Turkey, we have Qatar. Clearly, they are complicit with terrorism financing. What role can you play as enforcer, in that FATF is not an enforcer? They merely have the standards. And yet, clearly, we see the infractions by those who, in some measure, like Turkey, is a member of NATO.    Mr. Pittenger. Have you called out Turkey on the matter?    Mr. Pittenger. Have you called out Qatar?    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you for your service.    I yield back.