    Mr. Fuentes. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee, on behalf of the VFW and our Auxiliary, I would like to thank you for the opportunity to present our views on VA's plan to consolidate community care programs.    The brave men and women who have worn our Nation's uniform have earned and deserve timely access to high quality, comprehensive, and veteran-centric health care. That is why the VFW has made a concerted effort to evaluate the VA health care system and has worked with VA, Congress, and other stakeholders to implement reasonable solutions to issues we have identified.    In the past year, we have collected and evaluated direct feedback from more than 12,000 veterans. Through this work, we have identified several concerns with the Choice program. Given the focus of today's hearing, I would limit my remarks to billing issues we have identified.    The most common billing complaint we hear from veterans who use the Choice program is that they have been improperly billed for their community care appointments. This typically occurs when a veteran is authorized to use the Choice program, but requires follow-up care that is outside of the scope of the original authorization. This is where the program often fails veterans. At times, a veteran arrives to a follow-up appointment before the care is authorized, so the veteran is either required to reschedule the appointment or assume the responsibility for the cost of that care. Most veterans reschedule that appointment and are forced to wait longer for the care they need.    In some instances, a veteran arrives at the appointment and is unaware the care is not authorized. If the veteran's provider is also unaware of the authorization status, or fails to inform the veteran, the veteran may be billed for the cost of that care. For example, a veteran in Saginaw, Michigan was authorized to use the Choice program for a vision exam. The provider prescribed him a specific treatment to save his vision. Since the provider was unable to administer that treatment, he was referred to a clinic nearby, where he received four courses of that treatment before being told that VA refused to pay his bill, and that he would need to pay his outstanding balance before he could continue to be seen. The VFW worked with Health Net to ensure that that veteran could continue his treatment while we figured out a way to pay for his bill. Since his treatment at the clinic was beyond the scope of the original authorization, Health Net did not have the ability to retroactively authorize the veteran's care. Luckily, we were able to work with VA to have his bill paid, but it should not require our involvement to resolve this issue. That is why the VFW urges Congress and VA to empower local VA community care staff and the program's contractors to make common sense exemptions to the Choice program requirements to prevent veterans from being needlessly billed for care VA is required to furnish.    The VFW also believes that it is time to fully integrate community care providers into the veterans health care delivery model to ensure veterans have timely access to high quality comprehensive veteran-centric health care without having to cut through bureaucratic red tape.    The VFW has also learned that providers at times are responsible for improper payments or billing. The Choice program requires that payment be contingent on providers providing the medical documentation. Private sector providers are not accustomed to reporting medical documentation before receiving payment. As a result, some of them will bill the veteran before sending VA or the program's contractors the requisite medical records. To address this issue, VA has proposed decoupling medical documentation and payments. We are concerned that decoupling medical records and payments would remove the incentive of community care providers to share medical records with VA which could impact VA's ability to verify the quality of care veterans receive. Ultimately, we will hold VA accountable for providing high quality care to veterans, regardless if it is at a VA medical facility or through community care providers. In order to ensure that quality, VA needs that medical documentation.    The VFW believes that this issue can be addressed without decoupling medical documentation. For example, VA could develop IT solutions to facilitate a seamless integration of the health care records between medical facilities and their community care partners. This would prevent community providers from having to PDF or fax medical records to VA, and ensure that VA can verify the quality of care veterans receive.    As this Committee continues to evaluate VA's plan to consolidate community care programs, the VFW will continue to ensure veterans' preferences and health care needs are prioritized. Mr. Chairman, this concludes my remarks and I am ready to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Fuentes. Mr. Chairman, to us, it does not really matter which vehicle is used. Really what we want to prevent is what happened in Phoenix at the urology clinic, when hundreds of veterans were sent to community care providers and VA had no way of seeing if those veterans received care, or if they received the proper care. So like I said in my statement, we are going to hold VA accountable for veterans receiving that high quality care. And VA needs that medical documentation. The vehicle they use, you know, it does not matter to us as long as they are able to--    Mr. Fuentes. The VFW opposes, you know, making VA simply a payer of health care. We feel that VA delivers high quality health care and, unfortunately, it cannot deliver timely access to that high quality health care all times and everywhere. So you need to integrate the community, or community providers, into the veterans health care system. However, you need to eliminate that barrier that currently exists between the community and VA, where VA providers or VA facilities see the community as a safety valve, right, to alleviate the pressure on its demand. Instead, it needs to assess the demand and evaluate the capacity, similar to what Congressman O'Rourke has done in El Paso, assess, you know, the capabilities of the community and VA to really determine where those services need to be provided, and what the true demand is, so that VA can focus on the areas the community lacks.    Mr. Fuentes. That is correct.    Mr. Fuentes. So, I think the problem here is that you consider community care, and I think everyone is considering community care, and the Choice program as something completely separate from VA. When moving forward, community care and community providers need to be an aspect of the system. They need to be incorporated into it. And honestly, VA needs to treat providers who participate in their high performing network like they would any other clinic within a VA medical facility.    Mr. Fuentes. Yes. So like I said before, VA needs to treat all the providers within its high performing network like it would a provider within a VA clinic. So essentially, if I need to go to an ophthalmologist and receive specialized treatment, and then have to go to another clinic, I should not have to wait a month for VA to authorize that care, right? It should not be authorization based. Essentially, just like when I go to an ophthalmology clinic at VA, they are authorized to treat me and provide whatever care I need without having to go back to my primary care doctor and request authorization.