    Mr. Murphy. Good morning. I now convene this morning's hearing entitled, ``Federal Efforts on Mental Health: Why Greater HHS Leadership is Needed.''    In December 2013, Laura Pogliano of Maryland sent to me a poem she wrote about what it is like to raise a child with schizophrenia, as opposed to other life-threatening conditions. Here is an excerpt: ``Your child's illness is afforded the cooperation of caregivers and parents to attend to it. My child's illness is left to the right to refuse care laws, leaving him to get as sick as he can possibly be, and choose suicide, death, starvation, and continued illness with severe brain damage. Your child is never arrested or jailed because he is sick. My child is almost always arrested at some point. Your child can have any bed in any hospital in the country across the board. My child can only have a psychiatric bed. And there is an estimated deficit of 100,000 beds in this country, and the wait for one can take 6 months or longer in some places. Your child can tell people if he is sick. My child cannot, or he won't get a job or a date or an apartment. Your child can get a fun trip sponsored by an organization that assists sick children. My child can't go on any trips usually, and neither can his family.''    Despite her struggles getting Zac into care, Laura considered herself lucky, telling USA Today in November that, even though her son's mental illness has driven her to bankruptcy, sidetracked her career, and left her clinically depressed, she called herself lucky, though Zac was in and out of a hospital 13 times in 6 years. She said, even though he has fantasies that he is rich, hallucinations that he is being followed, and delusions that his mother is a robot, even though he has slept with a butcher knife under his pillow, Laura considered herself lucky that Zac wasn't in jail or homeless.    Last month, Zac was found dead in his apartment. He was 23 years old.    Laura had dreams for her son, Zac, just like every parent does. For countless parents, those dreams are tragically cut short. She searched for help and faced barriers to care. Federal laws, HIPAA laws, state laws. We have criminalized mental illness so you can't get help unless you are homicidal, suicidal, or you are well enough to understand you have problems and ask for help.    This has been a growing problem since states closed down their old asylums, as they should have, but what did the Federal Government do here to take care of this problem, to meet the needs of millions of Americans with serious mental illness and their families?    Today, we will hear how our mental health system is an abject failure for those families. Its failure is not a Democrat or Republican issue; it knows no party label, and to be honest, this spans multiple administrations, but the cost is enormous for the 10 million Americans with serious mental illness. Those with schizophrenia die 25 years earlier than the rest of the population. Forty thousand people in this country died last year from suicide, while another million attempted it in the last year. And that is a trend that is getting worse. Rates of homelessness, incarceration, unemployment, substance abuse, violence, victimization, and suicide among those with serious mental illness continue to soar. These are the very human, very tragic, and very deadly results of a very, very bad report card.    Today, thanks to a diligent year-long review of Federal efforts related to severe mental illness conducted at the bipartisan request of this committee, the Government Accountability Office has produced unassailable evidence that our mental health system is dysfunctional, disjointed, and a disaster.    No Federal agency has had a more central role in the disaster than the Department of Health and Human Services. HHS is charged with leading the Federal Government's public health efforts related to mental health, and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, otherwise known as SAMHSA, is required to promote coordination of programs related to mental illness throughout the Federal Government. At the onset of our investigation 2 years ago, we found it troubling that no one in the Federal Government kept track of all the Federal programs serving individuals with severe mental illness. My colleague and I, Representative Diana DeGette, asked GAO to take on this task. Following a detailed survey of eight Federal departments, including the Department of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and HHS, the GAO identified at least 112 separate Federal programs supporting individuals with severe mental illness. But most damning in this GAO report were these two principal findings. One, interagency coordination for programs supporting individuals with serious mental illness, a key function of SAMHSA, is lacking. And number two, to see whether programs specifically targeted at individuals with serious mental illness are working, agencies evaluated fewer than \1/3\ of them.    Now, you can't manage what you don't measure. For families who want and need treatment, HHS has given families bureaucracy, burdens and barriers instead.    We spend a lot of money in this country on mental illness, and the term evidence is thrown around like candy to prevent people from asking where is the real proof that this works. GAO offered two recommendations to correct these failings. HHS rejected them both. In each instance, HHS dismissed GAO's concerns rather than presenting evidence to dispute GAO's conclusions or volunteering improvements, or having the humility to say maybe we ought to do something about this.    When you have a mental health system that is as broken as the one we face today, with a report card so tragic, you would think that the Federal agency charged with coordinating a myriad of activities supporting individuals with severe mental illness would be open to recommendations from an experienced, nonpartisan authority, steeped in the practices of good government. HHS, in rejecting both of GAO's recommendations, and failing to identify any aspect of either recommendation worth working with or leaning from, is essentially saying there is no room for improvement, and that the agency is doing everything right at present. This is unbelievable.    The hubris shown by HHS is downright insulting and callous to the millions of families and individuals suffering under this broken system. This is a clear example of unaccountable government; one that refuses to recognize its failings even when it is presented with constructive recommendations for improvement.    We want to help in this committee, this Congress wants to help, but we can't help you if you are not even willing to admit there is a problem. We are not talking simply about wasted dollars or lost program efficiencies. We are talking about lives ruined, about dreams that are shattered, we are talking about preventable tragedies and lives lost.    I have spoken before about individuals with schizophrenia and bipolar disorders who aren't just in denial, but have the very real medical pathology that they cannot recognize they have an illness. It is called anosognosia, and it is a symptom found in stroke victims, Alzheimer patients, and persons with schizophrenia. HHS and SAMHSA are similarly in denial. You are so out of touch with understanding their own failures that it causes greater pain to millions of American families. Meanwhile, the lives of individuals with severe mental illness and their families remain in the balance.    This morning, we will hear from the author of the GAO report, as well as representatives from HHS. These include Dr. Linda Kohn, Director of Health Care at GAO; Dr. Richard Frank, Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation at HHS; and Pamela Hyde, Esquire, the Administrator of SAMHSA. I thank them all for joining us this morning, and I would like to give the ranking member an opportunity to deliver remarks of her own.    Mr. Murphy. Yields back. Thank you.    I now recognize the vice chair of the full committee, Mrs. Blackburn of Tennessee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Does anybody on this side wish to make any comments? If not, then we will proceed. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back.    So at this point, we will proceed with testimony of our witnesses. I would now like to introduce the panel.    First, we have Dr. Linda Kohn, who is Director with the Health Care Team at the U.S. Government Accountability Office, where she works on issues related to public health, health information technology, and medical research programs. Welcome. Dr. Richard Frank is the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. In this role, he advises the Secretary on development of health and disability, human services data, and science policy, and provides advice and analysis on economic policy. Welcome here. And the Honorable Pamela Hyde is accompanying Dr. Frank. Ms. Hyde is the Administrator of the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, otherwise known as SAMHSA. Ms. Hyde has more than 35 years of experience in management and consulting for public health care and human service agencies.    I will now swear in our witnesses.    You are all aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing, and when doing so, has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have any objections to testifying under oath? Seeing that no one has an objection, the chair then advises you that under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during testimony today? And all the witnesses decline. In that case, would you all please rise and raise your right hand, and I will swear you in?    Mr. Murphy. You are now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title XVIII, section 1001 of the United States Code.    You may now each give a 5-minute summary of your written statement. Please make sure the microphone is turned on and close to your face.    Dr. Kohn, you may begin. Make sure the microphone is on and pulled close.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Ms. Hyde, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I thank the witnesses for their testimony.    I am now going to recognize myself for 5 minutes. Just for the record, I just want to make it clear, Dr. Kohn, you have never treated a patient with mental illness, correct?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Frank, you never have? You have never treated anybody with mental illness, right? That is not your field, correct? And, Ms. Hyde, you have never treated anybody in the service for mental illness, correct?    Mr. Murphy. I just want to be on the record. That way--yes.    So, Dr. Kohn, despite HHS's disagreement with your recommendations, does GAO stand by its report and its recommendations?    Mr. Murphy. OK, I just need to have that yes or no. I----    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Dr. Frank, in this 2006 book that you wrote, Better But Not Well, you wrote that individuals with a mental illness have flexible entitlements to an array of largely uncoordinated programs and resources. The resources flow from a dizzying range of Federal, state, and private organizations. Do you still believe that?    Mr. Murphy. I want to post these two posters. One is a list of all the Federal programs on the right there, and then I have put together, based upon the GAO report, the organizational flowchart of the programs on the left, using your term dizzying array.    So you still believe that? Yes?    Mr. Murphy. The law states that SAMHSA must promote the coordination of service programs conducted by other departments, agencies and organizations, and individuals that are or may be related to the problems of individuals suffering from mental illness. So yes or no, do you believe SAMHSA is responsible for the interagency coordination of mental health programs?    Mr. Murphy. Well, it is a yes or no. I have just read you what is the regulations of law. Is that true or not?    Mr. Murphy. That is a good point.    Mr. Murphy. Well, that is a good point. So let me look at the bottom line here because I don't want to just talk about bureaucracy and the beltway--people don't understand that.    So first I have a slide up, heart disease mortality rate. As you can see, it is going down over the last 10 years. Let us look at the next slide. Stroke mortality rate. That is going down. Next slide, HIV/AIDS mortality rate, that is going down. Next slide, auto accident mortality rate, that is going down. The next slide, cancer mortality rate, that is going down. Now, none of these are within your wheelhouse, but let us look at the next slide. Wow. Suicide mortality rate, it is getting worse.    Ms. Hyde, you just talked about these programs you have; one of them being the suicide plans, and I think you even said you thought it was having some success, but I look at this--do you intend to take any action to respond to either or both of the recommendations by GAO about the need to better evaluate and coordinate these programs?    Mr. Murphy. Well, they said some of these----    Mr. Murphy . Organizations haven't met for 5 years.    Mr. Murphy. Well, I----    Mr. Murphy. I appreciate that, and I think----    Mr. Murphy. Well, it is all related here, and the issue too is, as Dr. Kohn also said, that at first, SAMHSA couldn't even acknowledge that suicide was related to serious mental illness is a problem.    I am out of time. I will now recognize Ms. DeGette for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Sure thing. Can I just ask, as a clarification, because as this hearing goes on we are going to need this distinction, when Congresswoman DeGette asked about defining things for serious mental illness, and you said we should identify the people, what does that mean?    Mr. Murphy. So you are acknowledging that is not taking place right now.    Mr. Murphy. So you are acknowledging that is not taking place right now.    Mr. Murphy. All right.    Mr. Murphy. Mrs. Blackburn, recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Just as a follow up to something that Mr. Pallone had mentioned, and you talked about the block grant program, I want to clarify, in your draft block grant application here, when it comes to the block grants, you actually say that these block grants--you don't talk about being for serious mental illness. In fact, you say the opposite, ``it is about everyone, not just those with illness or disease, but families, communities, and the whole population, with an emphasis on prevention and wellness.'' That is not serious mental illness. So I want to make it clear that when you are responding to Members on this, if it is partly related to mental illness, let us know that, but don't tell us the whole thing is related to that because it is not.    Mr. Murphy. Yes.    Mr. Murphy. Right.    Mr. Murphy. I----    Mr. Murphy. I will challenge that later, but I need to get on to the next Member.    Mr. McKinley is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Mr. Kennedy, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Do you want Dr. Kohn to also answer your question too because she didn't get a chance to answer----    Mr. Murphy . That question?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Kohn?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Mr. Griffith, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now recognize Mr. Tonko for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. And we are glad you moved forward on that program with RAISE. We know it is something that this committee has raised, the appropriators funded it, and we are glad you followed through on what Congress told you to.    I now recognize Mrs. Brooks of Indiana for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now recognize Mr. Yarmuth for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. Mullin for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now recognize Ms. Clarke for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Now recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Well, let us----    Mr. Murphy. Well, let----    Mr. Murphy. We will expect that.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. I think she said she will get----    Mr. Murphy . That. We will expect that----    Mr. Murphy. Yes, I----    Mr. Murphy. That is OK. We will expect that information.     Mr. Murphy. Thank you. We are going to do a second round of questions here. I know some Members are coming back--Mr. Cramer is here now. All right then, we will have Mr. Cramer. Go ahead, I will recognize you for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. You can respond.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Gentleman yields back.    I do want to say that it is a tradition of this committee to let witnesses complete their things. That is why I am even asking, after Members have finished their time, to give more time to do those things. And so if there was things that the witnesses do want to finish up, we will be respectful of that because we do want to hear your comments on this. The second round, let me raise something here because part of this is some of the committee's frustration with getting responses.    Ms. Hyde, so these are a few questions about what we have requested from you. In emails my staff received this morning from someone who I think is on your staff, someone named Brian Altman who--just so I understand, does Mr. Altman work for you or at least represent you when it comes to the committee? Does that name sound familiar?    Mr. Murphy. OK, good. And he has been in that position, I guess, for at least this last year from what I understand. So as you may know, we wrote Mr. Altman on March 20, 2014, almost a year ago, to ask for some very specific information, following up on a meeting that was had with several SAMHSA officials that very day. We sent our request with as much specificity as possible to the department, and specifically to Mr. Altman, to respond. Since then, I have to say, this committee is very disappointed, we have received very little of what we have requested, despite our repeated efforts to follow up on that request. I am not sure I have a record of every communication of my office and the department on this matter, but we followed up on April 7, June 12, June 16, June 26, July 14, July 22, and September 18, and again, despite all of this, we still don't have the overwhelming majority of the information we requested, or a satisfactory explanation of why it doesn't exist.    So I was really astounded this morning to be told that my staff received an e-mail from Mr. Altman at 8:15 saying the following, ``We are still reviewing the multitude of reports you have requested, and will provide the reports as soon as possible.'' He further writes, ``We have checked with program staff and there are no documents regarding technical assistance provided to the disability rights center in Maine following the Bruce case.'' Now, you are familiar with the Bruce case, we spoke about this before. This is the one where the Disability Rights Center, in the medical record of the hospital it says someone advised him when asked, are you going to harm yourself, he said no, someone advised him, are you going to hurt someone else, and he said no, under the advice of someone from that agency. He then went home and shortly thereafter killed his mother. He was on medication, wasn't in treatment, et cetera, and so you can understand our concern that we have asked almost a year ago, tell us what SAMHSA is looking into this. Now, I understand part of the issue is I don't think states are required to tell you what they are doing, and I think that is important because they receive significant funding from you. So I hope you understand our committee's frustration. This is a serious case involving a homicide, and someone who was advised by an organization that you fund to stop care, despite the pleas of the family and the pleas of the treating psychiatrist to say this is a dangerous person. So please understand the seriousness of our request. We do want to make sure that you understand. You are busy, I understand, but this committee will make sure we get those records, and you will comply with that, right? I appreciate that. Thank you.    Now, with regard to this organization, Dr. Kohn, you say in your report that PAIMI--I think that is one of the things--you look at some of the evaluations done, I think you even mentioned that they are one of the ones that seems to have a report that has good accountability written in there, am I correct?    Mr. Murphy. So are you aware that the people who did that evaluation are people, several of them who are funded by SAMHSA, are part of these programs? Were you aware that--I don't know if you dug deep enough to know who these people were, but several of them appears were on the payroll or have direct funding related to this. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Murphy. I----    Mr. Murphy. I didn't think so. That is OK. I didn't think so.    Mr. Murphy. But it was nonetheless listed. When you say \1/3\ of the programs, I think, actually had evaluations done, and, Dr. Frank, you said that the programs within HHS have many of these evaluations, but as I look at this list, Ms. Hyde, I am looking at people who--first of all, the evaluation team, I don't see a single psychiatrist or psychologist there. I see a couple of social workers. I don't know if they practice still. I see several attorneys, but in answering the question, protection and advocacy for people with mental illness, I want to know if they are advocating for those people to get better.    This case of Mr. Bruce and other cases they have had around the country, I want to make sure that they are saying if they are in jail and they are getting abused, we are standing up for you. If they are in an institution being ignored, we are going to stand up for you. But the key should be getting care. And I look at this and I must admit this looks like the fox guarding the henhouse.    And so, Dr. Kohn, I hope you will take another look at this because I see people here that really should not be telling you whether or not a program works. Of course they are going to say it works. They get funding from it. Some of these actually are the--the person, Curtis Decker, who runs the PAIMI Trade Association. Of course he is going to say he is doing a great job. I look at other people who say they received money from SAMHSA, the projects they work on with SAMHSA. So it is a concern that I think when we see these evaluations, and an internal evaluation is no use, and particularly because--I think it was perhaps you, Ms. Hyde, or, Dr. Frank, saying it is important that outside organizations look at this. I agree wholeheartedly. That is the way we should look at this. Is the research done correctly, and bottom line, are we getting results. Not just what they are doing there, and I think under these programs too, and we were talking about prevention, I want to know if we are getting results. I wish we knew how to prevent schizophrenia. I know last summer we identified 108 genotypes of schizophrenia. I wish we could cure it but we can't cure it. We can certainly do early interventions and minimize, for a while, not awareness of it, but try and delay some of the symptoms. But we don't take of these otherwise, and so that is some advice to you.    And I recognize Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I do want to say, we don't mention Members' names when someone disagrees with them, but we will follow up, but please understand, a lot of this that I think is our frustration is I think sometimes it is just a gut check. Like when you were before this committee last year when I asked you about the painting, the $26,000 painting of two people sitting on a rock, and you told me that was for awareness. I think there are some times we just want to see our leaders have a gut check to say, you know what, maybe that is not a wise spending of taxpayers' money, and that I think sing-along songs with the circle, or whatever those other things are, do they really work? I think that is what we would like to hear more about. So we are looking forward to getting that information.    And now I want to recognize Mr. Griffith for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I am going to recognize myself again for 5 minutes.    Dr. Kohn, when you reviewed the various agencies, did you see in there any review between agencies, for example, what we hear from states increasing instances of incarceration of the mentally ill, did you see that anybody is doing that investigation?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Frank, or, Ms. Hyde, if you don't, just let me know, so it is kind of yes or no or we don't know. Are your agencies involved with looking at sort of a state-by-state report to the Nation, because we are hearing anecdotally, I am hearing from a lot of governors and secretaries who handle incarceration that they see increasing rates of people in state, county and local jails of people with serious mental illness. Is HHS conducting any study of this to give a report?    Mr. Murphy. Do you know when that will be completed? Any idea? Within this year?    Mr. Murphy. Obviously, we would love to see that.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. Let me raise another question here. With the Affordable Care Act, part of this is there is supposed to be parity for access. And, you know, we passed a parity bill here 6 years ago. It took 5 years, I think, for HHS to get us the regulations. I am still hearing a lot of concerns that parity is not taking place. Is HHS preparing any state-by-state evaluation of what states are doing with regard to meeting parity guidelines with the insurance companies that operate within the states? Is there anything happening with those that you know of?    Mr. Murphy. OK. Another thing with this too is that with the ACA, a lot of people are finding themselves--they have a very high deductible, and I am hearing from a lot of psychiatrists, psychologists, social workers that people just aren't coming in for their appointments because they say if I have a $5,000 deductible for me, or a 10 or 12 or $13,000 deductible for my family, they are just not coming in for care. Is that something that HHS is also investigating to find out what those numbers are, and what impact that is having upon care?    Mr. Murphy. But you know what I am saying, is----    Mr. Murphy . It is very important. I think this committee----    Mr. Murphy . Would like to have that information.    Ms. Hyde, you talked about, when you talked about this, in families in serious mental health crisis, you want to engage the family. One of the problems we consistently heard also is the families said we want to be engaged but HIPAA laws keep us from doing that. We keep hearing stories of someone who has suffered because a doctor says I can't talk to you. And the families say, look, all they want to know is what medication is he on so I can follow up. When is the next appointment so I can get him there? I know in the past HHS has given us some clarification and said doctors can listen to family members, they are allowed to do that, but they can't kind of in a cold basis if someone calls over the phone and give information. I get that. We should protect that. And nor should we release all the records. But is this something that we can be addressing to say how do we at least get that information when, in absence of that information, that person becomes gravely disabled and it is necessary for treatment, how are we going to deal with that?    Mr. Murphy. But it is that other part about----    Mr. Murphy . Giving information. This is something I think we really have to address.    Mr. Murphy. This is----    Mr. Murphy. I have a couple more questions. I will go to Ms. DeGette.    Mr. Murphy. Well, I am doing a third and a fourth.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. All right. Let me just say this. Dr. Frank, you have suggested that GAO has, to paraphrase you, missed the boat in its analysis of the coordination between Federal agencies by failing to coordinate with, among others, the Medicaid program. Now, this kind of goes into the struggle we are having at the Federal level, but let me ask you how you coordinate it on the ground, as you state. For example, I understand this morning the state of Kansas is debating removal of many mental health medications from its Medicaid program. Are you even aware that Kansas is proposing to remove these drugs? Apparently, the Federal Government pays 55 percent of the cost of that program, but here is the Kansas proposal to even remove those. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Murphy. OK. What was that one other thing I wanted to ask? One other question I want to ask about the----    Mr. Murphy. Yes?    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Murphy. All right. Thank you. We don't want to have any aspersions about boats or sailors too.    Another thing, Dr. Frank, in your 2006 book, which we are promoting here, Better Not Well----    Mr. Murphy . One of the things you suggest is this creation of a new Federal agency or authority, it doesn't have to be a new agency, with budgetary oversight over all the programs that serve people with mental illness. Do you still think that is a good idea to give someone that authority so they can really, I guess I will use the word mojo, have to go to all these agencies and have to answer to someone and say is it working, is it not working, is it interacting well, are you meeting your targets, do you still believe that?    Mr. Murphy. Well, I am not talking about adding another level of bureaucracy, I am talking about someone who really has the authority to call for these things that people have to respond to.    Mr. Murphy. Because my concern is that, what we are hearing from Dr. Kohn's report is it is not being coordinated. I am pleased that some action just immediately took place, and that some of these agencies have not been meeting in 5 years, so we need someone who is singularly accountable to be that pivot point. I mean I say in my bill there should be an Assistant Secretary of Mental Health, which means someone within this agency that has that power and authority to go to DoD and VA and HUD and Education and Labor and saying we are going to sit down, we are going to hash this out, because somehow having at least 112 programs isn't working when we look at the outcome measures and all those things to say that. So----    Mr. Murphy. All right. Well, I thank you for those things. I also know, Ms. DeGette, I am sure you also support the idea. We will work with getting SAMHSA those documents, and she is absolutely supportive. And that is the way we are. We want those documents we requested a year ago, and get the other responses here quickly.    I thank all of you for being here. This has been a very revealing report. Dr. Kohn, thank you so much. I do recognize a lot of work has to be done. You have heard that from Members here. And I think the best thing here is approach us with humility and honesty and saying, you know what, when we look at what has happened with mental health in America, it really is not good. From the thousands and thousands of families we hear, from the frustrations I hear from providers, from consumers, so many people saying this isn't working. We have to change this. And so let us ease up on saying everything is fine, and let us really look at how we have to change this. And if it takes legislative changes, we are going to push those, and I am going to continue to push that.    So I ask unanimous consent that the Members' written opening statements be introduced into the record. And without objection, the documents will be entered into the record.    And in conclusion, again, I thank all the witnesses and Members that participated in today's hearing. I remind Members they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record, and I ask the witnesses all agree to respond promptly to the questions.    And with that, this committee is adjourned.