    Mr. Coffman. Good afternoon. This hearing will come to order. I want to welcome everybody to today's hearing entitled ``Persian Gulf War: An Assessment of Health Outcomes on the 25th Anniversary.''    First, as a preliminary matter, I would like to ask unanimous consent that--let's see. Who do we have? Oh, I guess they're not here. I don't have to do that.    Mr. Coffman. As a fellow Gulf War veteran, I have invited them. Unfortunately, they're not here. Let's see.    This hearing will examine VA's treatment of and current health outcomes for veterans suffering from Gulf War illness. The hearing will focus largely on the issues that have arisen since our last hearing on Gulf War illness on March 13, 2013, and specifically review VA's efforts to improve treatment and outcomes. This hearing marks the 25th anniversary of the Persian Gulf War, a conflict of swift intensity and short duration with what could be the lowest incident of post-traumatic stress disorder of any American war, according to some reports, including VA's own National Center for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder.    Unfortunately, this anniversary also marks numerous problems, some of which haven't improved since our hearing on Gulf War illness 3 years ago. I'm deeply concerned about how VA continues to characterize Gulf War illness as a mental disorder, as evident in its current clinical guidelines. I'm perplexed that these same clinical guidelines are based in part on research that the Institute of Medicine has warned is potentially biased or influenced by pharmaceutical manufacturers. I'm also frustrated by the fact that VA is prescribing psychotropic drugs for not only Gulf War illness but apparently also for instances of traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress. And I wonder about a possible connection between drug manufacturers and their sponsored studies and the high rate of prescription drugs being dumped on veterans with Gulf War illness. My concerns regarding VA's overuse of drugs are well founded, given this Committee's hearing last June that revealed VA administrators acknowledging the practice of overprescribing medication and turning veterans into drug addicts.    VA has previously testified that Gulf War illness is not a mental malady. And its own training course states that it, quote, ``cannot be ascribed to any known psychiatric disorder, somatoform disorder, PTSD, or depression,'' unquote. Even so, VA continues to treat veterans as if Gulf War illness was a psychiatric problem. And that is an affront to those who have real physical ailments due to their service.    I find it hard to believe cardiovascular disease, the physical scarring of lungs, central sleep apnea, head trauma, cataracts, and a variety of cancers are the manifestation of psychosomatic or psychiatric issues. If it could be as simple as a veteran thinking such things exist and then they disappear, I would think--simply think--VA is an organization truly capable of caring for veterans, and all of the Department's continued failures would simply be resolved.    What is even more frustrating is that the Institute of Medicine is apparently recommending no more Gulf War illness research be conducted. And that makes no sense whatsoever. But, then again, VA has published so few recent studies that this seems part and parcel of business as usual.    Gulf War veterans, myself among them, are tired of hearing the same rhetoric from the VA. Quite frankly, I have had enough of VA telling me one thing and doing the exact opposite. The fact that very little, if anything, has changed in the 3 years since we last held a hearing on VA's treatment of Gulf War illness is not only completely unacceptable; it is infuriating. I look forward to a spirited discussion on this important issue.    With that, I yield to Ranking Member Kuster for any opening remarks that she may have.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster.    We are now joined by United States Representative Jeff Denham from the State of California, a Gulf War veteran.    I ask unanimous approval for Mr. Denham to be able to participate in this hearing.    Mr. Coffman. So ordered.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster.    I ask that all Members waive their openings remarks as per this Committee's custom.    With that, I invite the first and only panel to the witness table. You are currently seated. On that panel, for the Department of Veterans Affairs, we have Dr. Carolyn Clancy, Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Organizational Excellence. She is accompanied by Dr. Stephen Hunt, Director of VA's Post-Deployment Integrated Care Initiative, U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, and Dr. Victor Kalasinsky--I believe, got that wrong--senior program manager for VA's Gulf War Veterans' Illnesses Research, VA.    Also on the panel, we have Dr. Deborah Cory-Slechta, Professor of Environmental Medicine, Pediatrics and Public Health Sciences, and Acting Chair of the Department of Environmental Medicine at the University of Rochester School of Medicine, who will be testifying in her capacity as chair on the Committee on Gulf War and Health of the Institute of Medicine.    Dr. Roberta F. White, chair of the Department of Environmental Health at Boston University School of Public Health, who is accompanied by Mr. James H. Binns, Gulf War Researcher and former chairman of the Research Advisory Committee on Gulf War Veterans' Illnesses.    And Mr. Anthony Hardie, a Gulf War veteran and Director of Veterans for Common Sense, who is accompanied by Mr. David K. Winnett, II, a Gulf War veteran.    I ask the witnesses to please stand and raise your right hand.    Mr. Coffman. Very well. Sit down. Please be seated. And let the record reflect that all witnesses have answered in the affirmative.    Dr. Clancy, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Dr. Clancy.    Dr. Cory-Slechta, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Dr. Slechta, I'm going to have to ask you to move along, simply because you're at 7 minutes right now.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Dr. Slechta.    Dr. White, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Dr. White.    Mr. Hardie, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Hardie.    Mr. Hardie, do you recall--and so when we talk about, first of all, the duration of the war, that there were troops on the ground in August of 1990, and then the fact is that the air campaign, I think, started on January 27; ground war started on February 24. But there was certainly contact prior on the ground side with Iraqi forces. But there was--the term--was it ``blow in place''?--I think, is a combat engineering term--and that there were chemical munitions--    Mr. Coffman. But it took how long--it took--was it 5 years? I can't remember. What was the time length that it took? Because there was a coverup, quite frankly.    Mr. Coffman. Because there were--the page out of General Schwarzkopf's log was missing on that day. All other records were destroyed intentionally. They said they were--I can't remember--accidentally destroyed. But they were destroyed nonetheless. So there were no fingerprints. And the statement by the Department of Defense was that no U.S. troops were exposed to chemical--to any chemical munitions, chemical weapons. We know that's not true today. Nobody faced disciplinary consequences for lying. And then--and then so the research never took that into account because the Department of Defense denied that. How long did it take the Department of Defense to finally acknowledge that U.S. troops had been exposed?    Mr. Coffman. About 5 years.    Mr. Coffman. What was the name of those pills we had to take?    Mr. Coffman. And they were not FDA approved. Is that correct?    Mr. Coffman. And what was the purpose? Was that for biological or--    Mr. Coffman. And then Saddam Hussein had blown a lot of the oil wellheads to obscure, I think, his own movement or positions of his troops. And then, of course, through our own bombing efforts probably destroyed the balance to where there were days, I remember a wall of black smoke would be coming at you. And you were literally engulfed in that oil well fire. Smoke emanating from those oil well fires for very long periods of time. Do you feel that that's been adequately researched in terms of what the health effects of that were?    Mr. Coffman. Have you--this is my last question. Have you uncovered at all why the command senior leaders, they chose to destroy those chemical weapons there as opposed to properly dispose of them?    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Hardie, thank you so much for your testimony.    Ms. Kuster, you are now recognized.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster.    Dr. Roe, you're now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Dr. Roe.    Sergeant Major Walz.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Sergeant Major Walz.    Mr. Huelskamp.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Huelskamp.    We'll have one more round if anybody else has questions. I do have two questions.    Mr. Winnett, could you join us at the table?    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Winnett, on your Facebook group related to Gulf War illness, you asked: How many veterans are being referred for psychiatric or psychological treatment?    What kind of response are you getting?    Mr. Coffman. Is that on, microphone on?    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    Now, Mr. Binns, could you please come to the table? Mr. Binns, given VA's use of IOM reports in the manner we have discussed, are you aware of any requirements for such reports?    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Binns.    Ranking Member Kuster, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Ranking Member Kuster.    Our thanks to the witnesses. You are now excused.    Today, we have had a chance to hear about the problems that exist within the Department of Veterans Affairs with regard to treatment of and current health outcomes for veterans suffering from Gulf War illness. The lack of progress that has been made by the Department in the 3 years that have passed since many of these problems were highlighted by this Subcommittee is both frustrating and disconcerting.    I believe Gulf War veterans deserve better, so I will be exploring options on how to best address these matters in the coming weeks.    I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material.    Without objection, so ordered.    I would like to, once again, thank all of our witnesses and audience members for joining in today's conversation.    With that, this hearing is adjourned.