    Mr. Coffman. Good afternoon, the hearing will come to order. I want to welcome everyone to today's hearing entitled An Examination of Waste and Abuse Associated With VA's Management of Land-Use Agreements. Before we begin, I would like to ask unanimous consent that the Honorable Tim Walz from the State of Minnesota be allowed to join us on today's hearing. Where is Tim? He is not here. He is not here yet. No objection, I hope.    He is set to be redesignated as a member of this subcommittee tomorrow, so I doubt anyone will have any objection.    Hearing none, so ordered.    The hearing will address serious problems with VA's billing and collection practices regarding its land-use agreements at VA medical centers, which were substantiated by the GAO. These deficiencies continue to result in an extreme loss of income, waste of taxpayer money, and compromised services provided to veterans. The primary focus of the hearing will be on issues occurring at the West Los Angeles VA Medical Center, including land-use agreements, problems faced by homeless veterans in the area, and other issues affecting quality of care. The shortcomings associated with VA's management in West Los Angeles are many. There have been multiple embezzlement investigations involving the facility over the last few years, at least one of which amounted to a guilty plea involving the theft of over $680,000.    One additional such investigation is ongoing and is being addressed by the VA inspector general, and the Department of Justice. The nature of land-use agreements in West Los Angeles also produces cause for concern. For instance, the facility has agreements with university sports teams, hotel laundry facilities and even a rare bird sanctuary. Considering this land was given to the Federal Government specifically to house veterans, VA is violating the terms of the original bequest. Notably, a Federal district court in California ruled in 2013 that many of the facility's non-healthcare related agreements were void because the court stated agreements of that sort that did not provide for sharing of healthcare resources result in lost access to space and opportunities that benefit veterans. On January 27, 2015, the day we informed VA of this hearing, the parties agreed to settle the appeal of the court's decision.    Based on the framework of this settlement, it does not appear that there is any impediment VA faces which would discourage its continued misuse of the property. In the framework, VA states that it will not complete a Master Plan to restructure the West L.A. property until October 15, 2015, which will require vigilant oversight considering past efforts to create such a Master Plan have largely failed. Many similar stories of waste and misuse of property set aside to help veterans, as well as other compromised services that inevitably occur due to facility mismanagement, will be discussed today regarding West Los Angeles, New York City and North Chicago, which were the sites GAO focused on in the audit. We will hear from GAO, as well as from the American Legion, which has raised concerns with problems occurring in West Los Angeles, primarily the growing homeless veteran population that is an unfortunate and unnecessary byproduct of the VA's mismanagement of property entrusted to veterans.    I look forward to hearing from these witnesses as well as from the VA so that we can get to the bottom of this issue and look for solutions to better serve our Nation's veterans. With that, I now recognize Ranking Member Kuster for her opening statement.    OPENING STATEMENT OF RANKING MEMBER ANN McLANE KUSTER    Mr. Coffman. I thank you, Ranking Member Kuster. I ask that all members waive their opening remarks as per this committee's custom. With that, I invite the first and only panel to the witness table.    On the panel we will hear from Janet P. Murphy, Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations and Management for the Veterans Health Administration. She is accompanied by Dr. Skye McDougall, Acting Director of the Desert Pacific Healthcare Network, also known as VISN 22 for the Veterans Health Administration. Also on this panel are Mr. Steven Lord, Managing Director of the Forensic Audits and Investigative Service at the Government Accountability Office. And Mr. Edward Lilley, Assistant Director for Healthcare of the American Legion, National Veterans Affairs and Rehabilitation Division. All of your complete written statements will be made part of the hearing record.    Ms. Murphy, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Mr. Lord, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you. Mr. Lilley, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Lilley.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Murphy, the parties to the lawsuit involved in the West L.A. facility are seeking to vacate the decisions of the District court, namely those that declared the non-healthcare agreements void, and order VA to halt construction of an amphitheater involving one of the voided agreements. I have two questions about what VA will do if the decisions are vacated. Will the VA allow land-use agreement holders whose agreements do not involve sharing of healthcare resources to remain on the property?    Mr. Coffman. Well, here is the problem. We already know that it is out of compliance. We already know that in 1888, when this land was bequeathed to the Federal Government, it was for the specific purpose of serving veterans. So I don't understand why you have to go through some kind of bureaucratic process to determine that you are in violation of law when you are already in violation of law. Can you explain that to me?    Mr. Coffman. Reading the law would help answer these questions. Will VA now resume construction of that amphitheater despite the fact that it provides no direct service to veterans?    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Murphy, VA's settlement framework states that the Department will develop exit strategies for non-VA entities located on the West L.A. campus if they don't comply with the new Master Plan to be completed by October 2015. When will the multiple land-use agreement holders that GAO found have no contract or written agreement with the VA, or have failed to provide a payment for the use of the property, be forced to vacate the premises instead of remaining at taxpayer and veteran expense?    Mr. Coffman. How long is this process supposed to take place?    Mr. Coffman. October of this year?    Mr. Coffman. It is going to take until October of this year to find out that you are in violation of the law when you are already in violation of the law. Is that what you are telling me?    I will recognize the ranking member.    Mr. Coffman. I want to thank the oversight of the American Legion on this critical issue. And Ranking Member Kuster, I think you have a great idea, we will do a follow-on hearing to make sure that this is all implemented that we are talking about today.    Dr. Benishek, you are recognized for 5 minutes    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Dr. Benishek. Mr. O'Rourke, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Walorski, you have 5 minutes.    Mr. Coffman. Thanks, Doctor--Thanks, Ms. Walorski. We are going do a second round of questions. VA's, I guess, Ms. Murphy, VA's January 2015 fact sheet regarding the settlement of the West L.A. lawsuit states that the VA will create a long-term Master Plan that prioritizes the creation of temporary and long-term housing for homeless veterans. However, VA created an early Master Plan in 2011 based on a 1998 legislative mandate, which, in part, called for creating such housing. So what will be different about this Master Plan when the one proposed 4 years ago was not successful?    Mr. Coffman. Well, I kind of challenge that. Simply because General Shinseki made it one of his core goals. I think it was probably at the top of his list, was dealing with the veterans' homelessness, and here under his watch, this whole thing evolves and is just out of control.    Mr. Lilley, do you have any comment on that?    Mr. Coffman. I must be kind of simple, because I am looking at this bird sanctuary on this property that was designated to serve the needs of veterans. And can anybody explain to me how a bird sanctuary can be somehow inured to the benefit of homeless veterans, can somebody explain that to me?    Mr. Coffman. Well, that is interesting, but I think we just had previous testimony that said there will be a consideration of the Master Plan of whether it will or it won't, and I think you just said obviously it won't.    Mr. Coffman. So a bird sanctuary could, in fact, inure somehow to the benefit of veterans?    Mr. Coffman. Okay, I must be awfully simple, but I just don't get it. Homeless veterans and bird sanctuary on the same grounds, meeting the needs of homeless veterans, okay.    Ms. Kuster.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Walorski.    Mr. Coffman. Mr. O'Rourke.    Mr. Coffman. Ms. Murphy, the Veterans Park Conservancy signed a 90-day revokable license with the VA on November 11, 2014 which expressly terminated its land use agreement in order to build the amphitheater. This licensing agreement expired yesterday. So does that mean that the Veterans Park Conservancy currently has no valid agreement with the VA? If so, have they vacated the premises?    Mr. Coffman. Sure. Dr. McDougall.    Mr. Coffman. I am sorry, you don't know if they are still there, is that what you are saying?    Mr. Coffman. Okay. Whether they vacated or not----    Mr. Coffman. Okay, they are----    Mr. Coffman. Okay. Because I think one of the Federal Court filings stated that the VA and the VPC entered into a revokable license that mandated a termination of the land-use agreement in lieu of the license.    Ms. Murphy, there is an ongoing criminal investigation in West L.A. regarding one of the companies operating under a land-use agreement with the facility. This company is also under investigation by other Federal agencies. And we have learned the company has a 10-year agreement with an additional 10-year option to operate on the property ending in 2022.    After a search of government contract databases, there was no information at all regarding this company. How can the VA enter into a contract with a company for a potential 20-year term without having any available referential information to support the company's prior work?    Mr. Coffman. Do any other members have questions?    Mr. O'Rourke.    Ms. Kuster.    Mr. Coffman. Well, I would like to thank the witnesses today. And I look forward to the follow-on committee hearing recommended by the ranking member.    And this hearing is adjourned.