    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you, Commissioner, for being here today and for your service.    There is clearly no evidence that the charges being leveled at you today have any validity whatsoever. In fact, multiple independent and bipartisan investigations have found that you in no way purposely misled Congress in any of your statements.    The Treasury inspector general, the Senate Finance Committee, and the Department of Justice have each conducted their own investigations on the so-called IRS targeting scandal, and while these investigations uncovered various management problems at the IRS, there was no evidence to support allegations of criminal activity or politically motivated behavior. There was no evidence to support allegations that you deliberately misled Congress or attempted to obstruct a congressional investigation.    In fact, each of these investigations found no evidence whatsoever that you acted in bad faith. Under your direction, the IRS has spent $20 million and devoted more than 160,000 hours to collect, review, and produce 1.3 million pages of documents to investigating Committees.    The entire record, built on multiple investigations, fails to support the allegations leveled here today. And it is regrettable that rather than dealing with the issues of criminal justice reform, immigration reform, commonsense proposals to reduce gun violence, that we are taking up time in this Committee for this charade.    So I want to ask you, since you are here, about the political contributions of charitable foundations. First, is it legal or illegal for a charitable foundation to make a political contribution?    Mr. Cicilline. So if a charitable foundation makes a political contribution and the IRS becomes aware of it, you go through a process in which you impose a penalty, correct?    Mr. Cicilline. And if you determine that such a political contribution was made in violation of law, you impose a penalty?    Mr. Cicilline. And in deciding the level of punishment, the kind of penalty that the IRS will impose, you look at whether, for example, it is an honest mistake or whether someone did it intentionally and then tried to cover it up. You would treat those two categories differently.    Mr. Cicilline. So in the case of a contribution made by the Trump Foundation of $25,000 in which they made that contribution to a political action committee for the benefit of the attorney general candidate Pam Bondi, shortly before she decided not to pursue a criminal charge or any other investigation against the Trump Foundation, on the filing of the foundation, they put as a place that they made a $25,000 contribution instead an organization called Justice for All, which is a Wichita organization, which they never made a contribution to, which sounds just like And Justice for All, the only inference, I think, would be in an effort to cover up an illegal political contribution.    In those circumstances, the IRS would impose a more severe penalty, correct?    Mr. Cicilline. Well, Commissioner, you have been undoubtedly following the extraordinary coverage of the operation of the Trump Foundation as it relates to these political contributions in the media, correct?    Mr. Cicilline. Okay. Well, is someone at the IRS reviewing this or will someone initiate some review of these illegal political contributions by the Trump Foundation?    Mr. Cicilline. Okay.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you.    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Commissioner.    And so one final question. An issue which has been raised by my constituents with some frequency are difficulties they have when they call the IRS and they are put on hold for an extended period of time, really unreasonable lengths of time as they are waiting to speak to an IRS official.    Can you talk about what efforts are being made to reduce that waiting time? And more generally, would you address the impact of the deep budget cuts on your ability to deliver services to my constituents and to constituents all across this country?    Mr. Cicilline. So the people who are being required to stay on those phones and wait for an IRS, Commissioner, don't have you to blame, they have Congress to blame for not appropriating the resources necessary to serve our constituents properly?    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Commissioner.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.