    Mr. Harrington. Chairman Benishek, Ranking Member Brownley, thank you for giving me the chance to testify today. I am a disabled veteran and I live here in Sault Ste. Marie.    As you both know, there is a VA clinic here. The clinic has been here for many years, but more than two years ago the attending physician retired. In the interim, part-time doctors have been trying to pick up the slack, and a nurse practitioner has been brought in to replace the retired physician.    I truly and deeply believe that our veterans should be entitled to proper healthcare. This specific VA clinic serves the entire Eastern Upper Peninsula. They are a very busy facility with many patients from across the region. I found out that just in Chippewa County alone, there are over 3,000 veterans, just in this county alone. The facility is having trouble keeping up with the number of patients, and its quality of care is suffering as well. The nurse practitioner, although very good at her job, can only do so much within the guidelines of her job description and abilities.    Currently as it stands, the nurse practitioner can only see a maximum of six patients a day--if that has changed, I don't know--and is limited as far as what she is allowed to diagnose and treat. The facility is in desperate need of a full-time attending physician as well as the current nurse practitioner to adequately care for the entire region and its patients.    Recently they hired a physician's assistant here. While that is a good step, it is really not a replacement for a full-time doctor. And the people from Iron Mountain at the last meeting said that their hands were tied, they couldn't hire anybody else, they couldn't hire a doctor. They were only allowed through the VA a nurse practitioner. Then they turn around now and they hired this physician's assistant, but they can't get a doctor.    I just want to know why they were able to bring a PA if it wasn't possible for them to bring a doctor. I have been told by Iron Mountain VA officials that they were only authorized to hire a nurse practitioner, and then all of a sudden the PA shows up. That doesn't make sense to me.    Prior to the hiring of the nurse practitioner I was seeing a doctor by the name of Lisa Vanhevel at the Bay Mills Indian Clinic. The reason I turned to the Indian clinic instead of the VA clinic was due to the lack of an attending physician at the facility. While under Dr. Vanhevel's care we talked quite extensively about the need of a full-time doctor at the VA clinic. She told me that her contract with Bay Mills was coming to an end and made her intentions clear that she was interested in interviewing for the position at the VA clinic.    Upon following the proper channels she was then granted an interview at the VA clinic in Iron Mountain, Michigan. Sometime later I happened to run into Dr. Vanhevel at Wal-Mart and she informed me that her interview went well and she was offered a position at the Sault Clinic, as well as the Iron Mountain clinic. She stated that she was only offered two days a week through our facility or a full-time position in Iron Mountain. She explained that she had to decline both positions because she didn't want to move to Iron Mountain or commute 295 miles away for work. She also didn't want to take a position for only two days a week.    Dr. Benishek, Ms. Brownley, I am sure you can sympathize with her. Who in their right mind would want to take a position for two days a week following a contract where they had a full-time position? This was very concerning to me considering the dire need for a full-time attending physician here.    In addition, Dr. Benishek's staff has told me that prior to the hiring of the PA, Benishek's office was told by the VA that they were going to try to hire a doctor. However, despite what Benishek's office was told, we have seen no evidence that an ad was ever placed on usajobs.com, or that any ads were placed in UP newspapers. I would like to know what exactly was done to try to get a doctor here.    I am glad that Congress is finally investigating this issue. I have yet to have someone explain to me why it is that the veterans in this area are not entitled to a VA facility with a full-time doctor and quality healthcare.    Thank you again for having me here today. I truly hope that you will take the time to look into this matter and serve justice to our vets as we have selflessly served you and this country. It is my hope that you will confer with the new director of the VA and that you can come to an agreement to resolve this.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Harrington. Well, I have done this before at the VA. It was not personal. Somebody said on the camera or screen, you don't get a rapport going like you can with a doctor. Eventually you go see the doctor and they understand your health because you can relate that to them and they know you. But to talk to somebody that is on a camera, it is like ``Hi, how are you?'' I mean, it would be like talking on the telephone here in Washington. You are here now, I can look at you, you understand where I am coming from, I understand what you are trying to do.    So to me, it is just not a personal thing. I like to be in front of a doctor and talk to a doctor. If I have an ache or a pain, I can explain it to the doctor and then go from there. But how do you do that with somebody who is 300 miles away?    Mr. Harrington. Yes, sir. To give you an example of the waste, I went to the doctor that was in the Sault district for a little while, and they wanted to reevaluate my ears. I go all the way to Iron Mountain. I did the whole hearing test, everything. I come back home and I didn't hear anything because it was for a compensation thing.    A month later I get a call, ``You have to come back to Iron Mountain.'' I said what for? ``You have to have this hearing test done all over again.'' I said why? I just had it done. ``Well, this doctor has to do it, okay?'' So I drive all the way to Iron Mountain. That doctor did the exact same test that I had done. And while I was in there, one of my hearing aids was not working right. So I asked the doctor, I said could you possibly adjust this? ``Oh, I can't do that.'' Well, is there somebody else? ``No, they are not here. You have to make an appointment to come back up here to get your hearing aid adjustment.''    Mr. Harrington. So I finally was able to send it to them, and they thought they fixed it, and it still isn't fully fixed. So that is just a waste, a waste of time.    And one more point. I went up to this VA clinic and I talked to the lady at the front desk, and I was trying to get some information, not personal information, just trying to get some information about how many vets were registered there. She acted like she was appalled that I was trying to get a doctor. ``We don't have room for a doctor. We have a nurse practitioner, and now we are getting a physician's assistant.'' I said, well, you had room for a doctor before. She said everything is fine, we are not having any problems.    I left there, went to have a coffee where vets go, and I run into--I have the guy's name. I won't mention it, but I do have it. This man waited five weeks for an appointment here so he could go in there and they could refer him to the clinic of the Sioux Tribe to get x-rays--five weeks. This just happened, and I have his name here.    I also have Dr. Vanhevel's contact information if you would like me to share that with you folks. She is the doctor who actually interviewed with them. They say it wasn't an interview, and I still can't believe that a person would drive 295 miles just to have a chat, and she was honest.