    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, gentlemen. I do want to follow up just to clarify on the question about the female PPE , just in case any Neanderthals try and seize what you said to use it for unintended purposes, the lightening of the load that you all talked about has nothing to do with women being in your units, right? These are efforts that have been ongoing because it is in our best interests to have the lightest load possible for our soldiers and marines?    General Williamson. Absolutely, ma'am. And so we approach the soldier protection system from the level that we always want to find ways to improve its capability, but also lighten the load, whether you are talking about the protective vest or whether you are talking about the helmet. It has nothing to do with whether you are a male or a female. We can't burden our soldiers with more weight.    Ms. McSally. So we all agree that a lighter load on any soldier regardless of your gender is going to make him a better warfighting capability. So this is a great effort having nothing to do with women's integration.    General Williamson. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. And you agree, General Walsh?    General Walsh. Yes, Congresswoman, same thing. I mean, we are looking at the same things. It is how do we lighten it for all the marines? So if you are a 100-pound 5-foot artillery person out there and you have got to lift artillery shells or charges up and get them up into the cannon or up onto the truck that is going to move them, it is the same thing whether it is a male or a female. It is the standards we have and how can we help them to lighten those capabilities in all MOSes ? It is not just the infantry MOS. It is how do we make it easier for them?    Ms. McSally. Great. And similarly, obviously, you can both agree that having equipment and PPE that fits you as an individual regardless of your gender, you could be a 120-pound guy that is short who is also serving, that it is best to have everybody fit their equipment in order for them to be the best fighting force. Correct?    General Murray. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. All right. I just wanted to make sure.    General Walsh. I think it has forced us to look at that real hard.    Ms. McSally. On the record, so Neanderthals alert there. Okay. My next question is about the capabilities that we are talking about with the JAGM air-to-ground missile. It is an incremental approach in the budget with the dual-mode seeker being the one that is focused on in fiscal year 2017, whereas the tri-mode seeker, you know, provides obviously greater capabilities.    So just wanted to get some thoughts on whether there is, you know, an opportunity or what your thoughts are on maybe accelerating the increment to modernization or just your input on that?    General Williamson. So, ma'am, the only comment I would make is that we have looked at the JAGM capability both from a funding, but also from an engineering effort. And so we are very comfortable that programmatically the timeline that we have used is really about addressing risk. And I think I would be concerned programmatically about trying to accelerate it too much at this point. We will monitor it.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    General Williamson. And I can provide additional details as required. But right now we are very comfortable with the JAGM approach.    Ms. McSally. And just focusing on Increment 1 then, the dual-mode seeker right now?    General Williamson. That is correct. Yes.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thank you. Next question, I don't have your unfunded list. I just want to follow up on Congressman MacArthur and just clarify, do either the Army or the Marines, do you have anything related to counter-IED technology on your unfunded list? Or have you asked or received everything in the President's budget that you need related to counter-IED?    General Murray. Ma'am, I don't have all the details of the UFR . I will have to come back to you.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    General Murray. And I can't recall off the top of my head whether we do or not. So I will take that for a do up.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thanks. In the past we have had some discussions here about counter-IED funding versus other types of funding, which we all agree we should probably be able to do both for supporting our troops. So just want to make sure we are clear that there is no unfunded request there.    Can we also follow back up on WIN-T? Is everything that is in the President's budget request what you would recommend or is there anything related to WIN-T acceleration or additional funding on your unfunded request list?    General Williamson. So, ma'am, as you know, on the WIN-T program we just recently last year received a production decision that allowed us to go into full-rate production. What the Army has done though, and this is not related to the technology associated with the WIN-T, but what we have done with the program is spaced it so that we have the ability to field the system to units in a priority order. I am very comfortable where we are at with the WIN-T program right now.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    General Williamson. I am not tracking a desire to accelerate that at this point, but I will go back and look at it.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you. And last question is the Future of the Army talked about a gap in electronic warfare capability for the Army. Do you have any comments related to the EW capabilities that could be addressed or accelerated?    General Williamson. I do, ma'am. So it is one of the areas as we talked about in our opening statement. Electronic warfare is one of those areas that we are concerned with from it is an effect on our ability to operate. And the concern that I would have, ma'am, is that as you look at the access to technologies. So our current adversaries and our potential adversaries have the ability to draw from the Internet, from the available technology that is out there and develop counters----    Ms. McSally. Right.    General Williamson . To some of our very important systems. It is critical for us to make an investment in EW and electronic warfare.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. I am out of time, but I appreciate following up on that maybe with you later.    General Williamson. Yes, ma'am.    Ms. McSally. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.