    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Dodaro, appreciate your time, and all the witnesses there. Only two have nodded off in the last 30--no. I'm just teasing you. We wouldn't blame you at certain times, but I am--I've got a couple questions here but I want to get more in depth in the process a little bit. Sometimes we get a little bit more subjective than objective, and even heard the gentlelady from Michigan talking about if we could only replicate more the way the executive branch operates.    And I want to talk a little bit about the process. Obviously, you have a very distinguished career, winning many awards, and except the 2013 Braden Award, most of those awards came before you took over the GAO office, and I don't know if that means you did a great job or exactly what. But my question is, my first question is, when you're implementing or taking action steps, can you talk about the process when you see there's an issue, there's a concern, I'd like to take it from a 30,000-foot perspective, but then hone in on a couple Medicare questions in just a minute.    Mr. Walker. That helps me tremendously. Are most of those self-initiated observations, or do you get those from Congress? How would you come about putting on these smorgasbord of things need to be done?    Mr. Walker. Thank you for addressing that. If there's--if you've already--I apologize for the redundancy. Specific question I want to talk to you about. Thirty two years ago Congress required the establishment of criteria I believe it was 11 cancer hospitals.    Mr. Walker. My question was, I think it was--they were exempted from a predetermined Medicare payment.    Mr. Walker. How does care at these exempted cancer hospitals compare to other hospitals providing similar services? Can you address that?    Mr. Walker. Okay you just took my second question. Are you say--are you feel good about estimating a number there----    Mr. Walker. --that we could save?    Mr. Walker. And you said around?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.