    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The subject of today's hearing is the transition of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority, or IANA, and this function is sometimes called the Internet's phone book of Internet names and numbers, and, more simply, it is what allows Internet users to easily navigate the Web. The Internet is an unprecedented platform for economic opportunity and democratic free expression. It is used by three billion people around the globe. And because this phone book has worked so well, very few of us ever have to think about how it works, we just know it works. And that is a credit to a successful Internet governance model that uses a multi-stakeholder approach to decision-making. We all want this success story to continue, and that is why the U.S. Government has taken steps over the past two decades to get out of the way and allow the private sector to assume management of the domain name system. Put another way, we think the future of the Internet should be determined by businesses, civil society, and technical experts.    Both Republican and Democratic Administrations have supported the idea that the Internet should be governed through a decentralized bottom-up process that is free from government control, and Congress too has embraced this vision. In 2013, the House voted unanimously in support of a bill making it official U.S. policy to ``preserve and advance the successful multi-stakeholder model that governs the Internet.'' I personally believe that the transition of the IANA functions to the global multi-stakeholder community helps achieve that goal.    Since NTIA announced last March its intention to relinquish control of the IANA contract, they have made significant progress to plan for this transition. They have also made impressive strides to enhance accountability for ICANN. NTIA has clearly and consistently articulated principles for the transition, in keeping with the U.S. Government's support for the multi-stakeholder model, and an open global Internet. I believe Congress has a bipartisan interest in seeing the IANA transition executed consistent with these principles.    We all have a shared interest in transparency and accountability, and therefore thank my Republican colleagues, especially Chairman Walden and Mr. Shimkus, for working with us to address concerns with the DOTCOM Act, and I look forward to continuing our shared responsibility, conduct rigorous oversight of NTIA, and to ensure the agency lives up to its commitments for the transition. So, again, thank you to the witnesses today for sharing their perspectives that they are going to on the proposals that have been put forward, and the work that remains to be done. And thank you to both the Chairman and our Ranking Member, Ms. Eshoo, for putting this together, and the work that we are going to do together on this.    I think Mr. Doyle and Ms. Matsui--you have already spoken, right? Does anyone else want any time? He says he doesn't, so, all right, I yield back. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Ms. Eshoo mentioned that this morning the House Appropriations Committee released the Commerce, Justice, and Science Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2016, and the draft bill is designed to prevent NTIA from using appropriated funds to complete the IANA transition. She actually read that.    So my question is, what is the impact of this language on the continued success of the multi-stakeholder model of Internet governance, and do you think this language advances our interests in accountability and transparency into the transition process? I would like to ask any of you to respond to that.    Mr. Pallone. Well, did you want me to read it to you again? It says, ``None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to relinquish the responsibility of the National Telecommunications and Information Administration with respect to Internet domain name system functions, including responsibility with respect to the authoritative root zone file and the Internet assigned numbers authority functions.''    Mr. Pallone. I am asking you. I don't know.    Mr. Pallone. All right.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Anybody else want to respond?    Mr. Pallone. Ms. Plonk?    Mr. Pallone. OK. Anyone else?    Mr. Pallone. Mr. Schaefer?    Mr. Pallone. Thanks. Let me just ask quickly, I know not all of you can respond, but I understand that ICANN will be meeting next month in Argentina, where many of the issues we are discussing today will be on the table. What progress are you hoping to see in Buenos Aires next month? If anybody wants to take a stab at that?    Mr. Pallone. Anybody else? Five seconds. No? All right. Thanks a lot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.