    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, I hate to be the skunk at the lawn party here, but let me just note that I do support the basic goal of this legislation, which is to reaffirm that we believe as Americans that the democratic process should be followed in Ukraine, and that we are upset, and we know the great challenge there that they have.    And certainly the first two whereases, ``strongly support the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future.'' Yes. Of course. ``Urges the administration to expedite assistance to Ukraine to facilitate the political, economic, and social reforms necessary for free and fair elections that meet international standards.'' Yes. And there is no doubt about that. We want to end the conflict and upheaval that is going on that is so detrimental to all of the people of Ukraine and destabilizing to Europe. And so this puts us on record.    Unfortunately, we can't seem to go on record doing that without again giving Russia a kick in the pants, and basically ignoring what started the destabilization of Ukraine in the first place. Basically, we blame it, yes, Yanukovych was president, whereas he fled the country. It doesn't say--it doesn't start there. It doesn't start with Yanukovych fleeing the country.    This whole episode that has destabilized Ukraine started when violence, instigated by internal Ukranian opposition, as well--and they were in coordination and consultation with other foreign powers, meaning our European friends--created violence, a violent situation that led to the destabilization of an elected government.    We can close our eyes all we want, we can pretend this is all Russia. Yanukovych was an elected government. There was huge violence that was caused when he made a major policy decision. Instead of letting the election take care of it, they had massive, not just demonstrations, but we are talking about massive violence.    And I know that there has been an effort to try to make, oh, no, that was just Yanukovych attacking the demonstrators. That was not what happened. We now have every evidence, I met with a group of Ukranians just a couple nights ago, clearly, what we have was violence against an elected government. And Mr. Smith was there to see that Yanukovych was elected in a fair election. And instead of waiting for the next election, our European friends had to collude with forces inside of Ukraine to create a destabilization of an elected government.    Now, the bottom line is that has not even been touched on here. Everything is Russia's fault. Well, yes, when Yanukovych fled and the elected government was overthrown, the fact is the Russians did act, and I opposed that. I think when the Russians sent troops in that was wrong. We have every reason to condemn that. The Russians should not have sent troops in.    And yes, we need to call upon--what we have here is to make sure that we are on the side of free elections, and that we want to help the Ukranians. But then we condemn the part of outside forces, specifically the Government of Russia, ignoring the fact that other governments have been involved in overthrowing an elected government.    Either we should leave that out or we should just say ``attempts by outside forces'' and leave out this little jab at Russia. We are not going to make anything better by continuing to jab Russia rather than looking at ways we can cooperate to end the conflict in Ukraine.    Again, let's reach out--that is what happened in the Minsk agreement, which the chairman already mentioned. The Minsk agreement sets out a plan. And Russians agreed to it. Let's work with them to see how we implement the plan rather than kicking them in the pants.    Well, I am going to be opposing this, but I do think the actual goal of this, which is to try to say we are behind free elections and want Ukraine to come out of it, that certainly is a worthy goal.    This, you know, doesn't--it is not going to achieve that. It is going to actually achieve the opposite, because in Russia it will be looked at as a slap in the face. Why should we ever cooperate with these bums who are blaming it all on us and forgetting the fact that an elected government in Ukraine was overthrown?    So with that said, I stand in opposition, and I stand in favor of the spirit of what you are trying to accomplish, but this will not achieve your goal and go in the opposite direction.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Would the gentleman yield for a question?    Mr. Rohrabacher. So I understand they are going to have their election and they have not agreed to permit their governors to be elected. The local government will now be appointed?    Mr. Rohrabacher. That should be in this bill. Mr. Chairman, that should be in this bill.