    Mr. Grothman. Yes.    The Clerk. Mr. Grothman votes yes.    Mr. Hurd?    Mr. Grothman. Sorry. I just have a couple of questions for Ms. Frifield.    She didn't submit her email records to the State Department, right, until December of 2014, almost 2 years after she left the State Department, correct?    Mr. Grothman. About.    Mr. Grothman. Right. Was that 2-year delay in turning over Federal records in compliance with your policy? What's your general policy in how quickly the record should be turned over?    Mr. Grothman. Maybe a couple of months, not 2 years. Do you know of anybody else who took 2 years to turn over their records?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And even then, her submission rate eventually turned out to be incomplete. The FBI submitted thousands of emails to the State Department that uncovered, in the course of their investigation, correct, thousands of emails that she didn't turn over?    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Grothman. Sure.    Mr. Grothman. Okay.    Mr. Grothman. Right. Was her failure to turn over these emails in compliance with State Department policy? Do you know anybody else since you've been there who hasn't turned over that huge number of emails upon leaving?    Mr. Grothman. Anybody not turning over any emails since you've been in your position, that you're aware of?    Mr. Grothman. You ever hear of anything like this happening since you've been involved in the State, anybody not turning over emails?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Secretary Clinton's IT contractor deleted an email archive from their servers after they were made aware of a preservation order from the Benghazi Committee. Okay. So after they were told to preserve it, they deleted it.    Was the deletion of that email--of those email archives in compliance with State Department policy?    Mr. Grothman. Delete them, right. And these are particularly severe because she particularly wasn't supposed to delete these. So that would be--what would happen to a regular garden variety employee of the State Department if they had done this sort of thing?    Mr. Grothman. I know that's what you're supposed to do. Everybody does it. If another employee, just put somebody in your mind, another employee had deleted emails like this, what do you think would--what would the State have done about it?    Mr. Grothman. They never think about it, never occurred it would happen. Okay.    Will she or any of her aides that helped participate in this face any punishment or negative consequences for her actions in doing this?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I'll yield the remaining of my time to the chair.