    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    First, I just--I want to just state what is obvious to all of us here, which is that Iran should not be allowed to get a nuclear weapon. They are the leading state sponsor of terror.    They remain the most destabilized actor in the region and nuclear weapons would allow them to play an even more dangerous role and spark a nuclear proliferation throughout the Middle East. So I think we all agree on that.    Do you all agree that a negotiated agreement would be a better solution than a military action?    Ms. Frankel. Some say a good agreement----    Ms. Frankel. Okay. I understand that, yes. Mr. Duelfer?    Ms. Frankel. Okay. So now, let me now take you back 1\1/2\ years ago, which is when we entered into the Joint Plan of Action.    I believe that--I forget which one of you said that under the--that under what you see is the parameters of a new agreement, which we don't know the details yet but that--I think you said that Iran would be on the 1-inch line under that agreement to have a nuclear weapon.    So I want to take you back 1\1/2\ years ago. Tell me what line were we on then. I mean, how--had we not--had we not had the Joint Plan of Action how quickly was Iran or how close on that inch line or foot line was Iran to not only developing a nuclear weapon but having the ability to deliver it?    Ms. Frankel. All right. Well, use whatever one you want.    Ms. Frankel. And then what about being able to actually deliver it?    Ms. Frankel. But it could have and may have, would you agree, sparked a proliferation had they--had they enough material to create a nuclear weapon, that that could have sparked a proliferation in the Middle East?    Ms. Frankel. All right. Okay.    Ms. Frankel. Right.    Ms. Frankel. Okay.    Ms. Frankel. Is it on the--is it on the 1-inch line or you say it is going to be on the 1-inch line in 10 years?    Ms. Frankel. Okay.    Ms. Frankel. All right. Well, may I ask--Mr. Chair, may I ask one more question? I think I am the--as usual, I am, like, one of the last people standing here, or sitting here.    I am trying to--I guess I am going to try to get back to Mr. Connolly's question because--I mean, more specific because he asked whether or not by entering the Joint Plan of Action we actually gained anything and so I think, if I am hearing what you said, that before the Joint Action Plan they were maybe a month from breakout so----    Ms. Frankel. It could break out in a month. So at least we know had we--if there was no Joint Action Plan they could have a nuclear weapon today. That we would agree on, correct? So----    Ms. Frankel. Right. But----    Ms. Frankel. Okay. So maybe with a military action or whatever.    Ms. Frankel. With all the options on the table. So just right now, with the Joint Action Plan in place, how would you compare--is the breakout time greater or less than when we started?    Ms. Frankel. Okay. So we went from a month to 2 to 3 months?    Ms. Frankel. All right. All right. Well, I hope--I thank you for your time. You know what? Mr. Sherman said, I think, what we are dealing with what is--what is the best of the worst solutions here and maybe somebody will come up with the best of the worst, I hope.    Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair.