    Mr. Perry . The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    The Chair now recognizes himself.    Mr. Perry. So let me cut to--I don't mean to cut you off. But I am trying to get to the terror situation, which is what we are really concerned about. We know we spend billions of dollars on military assistance, on humanitarian assistance. But what we are really getting to is this relationship where Pakistan seems to be kind of walking the line somewhere between terrorism and somewhere between the support of the United States Government. And with all due respect, as long as we allow them to continue to walk the line, they are going to continue to walk the line because it is in their interest to do that.    And I will give you some of my metrics. But are there any metrics regarding terrorism that are time-related, where the American people can see they are getting some value out of the billions of dollars we spend?    Mr. Perry. Mr. Ambassador, what is the cost of the F-16 deal to the American taxpayer? Do you know what that price is?    Mr. Perry. We know it is not cheap, right? Let me just give you some of my metrics because my time is short here, and I want to make a couple points. In Pakistan, you have al-Qaeda; you have the Afghan Taliban; the Haqqani Network; the TTP; and the LET operating, which are all terrorist organizations. Meanwhile, at the same time, over the past 14, 15 years, the American people have spent $30 billion in our relationship with Pakistan. Meanwhile, a poll conducted by the Pew Research Center last year found only 14 percent--only 14 percent--of Pakistanis expressed a positive view of the United States. Pakistan seems neither particularly democratic nor tolerant regarding their governance or their religious tolerance. And then you look at, you know, we talk about this individual, Mr. Afridi, who allegedly helped the United States get the number one terrorist on our list. And, meanwhile, the backdrop is that this terrorist organization, just for instance, the LET has been active in Pakistan, as I already stated, Afghanistan, and Kashmir since the 1990s, so it is not new. And Pakistan funded the group. And the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence, the ISI, agency helped establish the organization's military structure and almost all LET members are Pakistani madrassa students or Afghan veterans. In November 2008, 10 LET members conducted a coordinated terrorist attack on targets in Mumbai, India, killing 160 people, including 4 Americans.    In December 2008, Pakistan arrested Zaki-ur-Rehman, whatever his last name is, the LET leader who organized the Mumbai attacks. They arrested him. However, in April 2015, this guy was released from jail on $2,300 bond. And there has been no trial scheduled for this guy. Meanwhile, the doctor, the good Dr. Afridi, remains in a jail. And we are going to sell or make some deal with Pakistan for F-16s. And we have neighbors that are much better allies. We understand the tenuous circumstance. But when are we going to equate our relationship, our financial relationship with results about terrorism? Do you see that happening any time, quantifiable results, where the American people can see the value of this relationship? Sir?    Mr. Perry. Why don't we tie it to our actions? Why don't we tie his release, why don't we tie the trial of this other individual who attacked our ally to the sale of these weapons systems and to our aid? Why don't we--who is negotiating these deals on our behalf?    Mr. Perry. Mr. Ambassador, I appreciate it. I understand the value of the weapon system and what it can do. We appreciate that. We understand that. We are very frustrated that for the American people's involvement, we don't see a whole lot coming on the other side of the ledger. But that is my personal perception.    With that, my time has expired.    I would like to recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Lowenthal.    Mr. Perry. The Chairman thanks the gentleman from California.    The Chairman recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Yoho.