    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank our witnesses for your service to the country and also for your appearance today, in particular, Mr. Morell and Dr. Vickers. In my 8 years on the Intelligence Committee and also my years here on the Armed Services Committee, I always appreciated your candid testimony before me in both those areas.    I think, clearly, obviously we have extraordinary challenges in our efforts to defeat ISIL, both on the military front and on the political front. And you all have outlined some concrete steps on both, particularly on the military front. The bigger challenge that we see is going to be defeating ISIL on the political front, especially given the fact that there are countless examples throughout the Koran that ISIL uses to justify their actions.    What are the most effective ways for us to delegitimize ISIL, in particular, you know, given the headwinds we are up against when ISIL or Al Qaeda are using the Koran to justify what they are doing?    Now, the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee has recently held several hearings and briefings on countering extremist messaging, also authorizing a counter-messaging demo program last year. And on Friday the White House announced a new task force for this very purpose.    So as we work to bolster information operations in our fight to delegitimize ISIL's ideological messaging, what capabilities do we need, and what tactics and techniques and procedures should the military and the new task force employ?    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    Ambassador, do you have anything to add?    Ambassador Ford. Yes, I do.    The most effective social media video that I have heard about in the last 6 months to delegitimize the Islamic State came out of the Free Syrian Army. And it got a lot of play on social media. And, basically, if I can sum it up in 15 seconds, the video shows victorious Free Syrian Army soldiers marching a bunch of orange-clad Islamic State prisoners and says, we are now going to execute these guys because they are infidels, they are apostates, which is exactly what the Islamic State has been doing to Free Syrian Army soldiers they have captured.    But at the very last moment, as they are about to behead them, a screen comes on and it quotes several verses from the Koran saying, ``God says grant mercy. God says don't kill people. They have intrinsic value.'' And so the knife is pulled back and their chains are set free, and they say, ``Join us.'' That video has been viewed tens of thousands of times in the Middle East.    My point in this is it was indigenously produced, and, in a sense, it played to themes that they understand better than I ever would, even though I spent 30 years in the region.    What we can probably most do is help people like that get their messages out. But it can't be put on a dot-gov Web site because young Arabs aren't going to get a lot of guidance, shall we say, or they are not going to take a lot of advice from a dot-gov Web site.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    My time has expired, and I want to thank you all for your testimony.    One thing, if you would, in writing if you could respond, just identifying our most significant intelligence gaps and what we should do to close those now. I know my time has expired, so I will yield back, but if you could respond to those in writing, it would be very helpful, especially given your experience and years of service in those areas.    Mr. Langevin. Thank you.    The Chairman. Dr. Wenstrup.