    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Last week, General Milley stated before the committee, quote, that less than one-third of the Army forces are at acceptable readiness levels to conduct sustained ground combat in a full-spectrum environment against a highly lethal hybrid threat or near-peer adversary. Obviously, this statistic is undoubtedly alarming and illustrates that the risk associated with a less-than-ready military force is unacceptable.    All too often, we speak about military risk in terms of numbers and percentages as opposed to more real and tangible consequences. When asked a similar question last year about risk, then Chief of Staff, Army, General Ray Odierno, made clear that direct correlation existed between increased risk and loss of lives on the battlefield. Quite plainly, Odierno stated that people would die. While I apologize for my frankness, it is critically important that our colleagues in Congress and the general public clearly understand what is meant when you say ``risk.'' We are currently in the throes of our debate on the budget, and there are those who continue to say: We can accept increased risks; we can lower the costs; we can continue to accept sequestration or cuts.    General Dunford, would you please help us better understand what you mean when you say ``risk''? Is there a direct correlation between risk and loss of lives on the battlefield? And, also, is there a direct correlation between risk and winning, knowing that we now have issues with Russia, China, North Korea, and certainly ISIS? Could you give us an understanding of how the word ``risk'' translates?    General Dunford. Congressman, I can. First of all, there is a correlation between risk and casualties. And when I talk about risk against our objectives, I am talking about how long it will take and how many casualties we will suffer. Those are the two elements of risk that I refer to.    You mentioned sequestration, and I will tell you what the risk of sequestration is. The risk of sequestration--and I am talking now the $100 billion that still looms out there--means that we would have to go back and actually rewrite our strategy, and I am talking about the ends of our strategy. So when you talk about winning, there is a correlation also between our ability to win against the current adversaries that we have identified, the peer competitors that we have identified, and sequestration. And my assessment is that we will not be able to deal with the five challenges that Secretary Carter and I outlined in our opening remarks, the Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and violent extremism. Were we to go to sequester-level funding, I can't imagine us being able to satisfactorily deal with those five challenges and, by the way, the challenges that we can't foresee.    Mr. Turner. Secretary Carter, when you were here last year, one of the things that you said was that it would be so important to get a 2-year budget deal. Many of us in Congress, including myself, who voted for it, believed we had a 2-year budget deal. We believed that we would be looking this year at the budgetary process with a fairly firm 574 commitment to base budget funding, which would result in stopping the cuts that the Department of Defense has been put to, but when we received the President's budget, the President indicated that there were increased overseas contingency operations funding that he would need for his operations, $3.4 billion for Europe, additional dollars for ISIS. And rather than putting those on top, meaning that they are additional things that the President would need to do, he took that out of the base funding of the Department of Defense. Now, we are having in Congress the debate putting those dollars back. And, again, it was unexpected, because that was not part of the 2-year budget deal that you advocated for and that we voted for and that we all thought we were operating under.    Could you please tell us what the consequences are of the cuts that will happen to the base budget of the Department of Defense if we accept the President's budget, because clearly there are things that you are going to have to not do that you will get to do if we put that money back.    Mr. Turner. Secretary Carter, I know you know that we completely disagree with you. I mean, Congress' expectation is that you had a base budget of 574. I don't think you would have supported a 2-year budget deal that would have had a cut to the base budget in year 2017. And my question is not really, what is the deal? My question is, what are you losing? Because you are obviously losing something from 574 with the reduction that the President has taken of about $13 billion out of the base budget for OCO operations.