    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Madam Chair.    I would just like to bring us up to speed in one area. Is it true that under current law, closing Guantanamo is prohibited? This isn't a trick question.    Mr. Issa. Okay. So under current law you can close Guantanamo by releasing the prisoners. You just can't bring them here. That's your assessment?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So the reason that you both have titles that say Special Envoy for Guantanamo Closure is because your job is to close Guantanamo. Is that right?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So now I just--I got a yes and that is far enough.    Mr. Issa. No, I understand that the President who loves Chavez--or loves the Castros enough to open up relations--has not decided to give back what we have in perpetuity. So we'll leave that aside.    Your job is to close the detention. You are working toward that. I just want to ask one or two fairly simple questions.    It's been said many times on both sides of the dais that President George W. Bush's administration released more prisoners actually than you inherited, right? He released more than you have?    Mr. Issa. Okay. And during that time it has been discovered and during this administration it has been discovered and made public that in fact some released by the Bush administration went back and killed Americans on the battlefield in Afghanistan and other places. Is that correct?    Mr. Issa. So George W. Bush released more prisoners, attempted to vet them, was wrong. They went back, they killed Americans on the battlefield and we know it and the public knows it, right?    Mr. Issa. Okay. So George W. Bush's failures are now very public. They released people who went back and killed Americans on the battlefield. Okay. Like Mr. Sherman, that is not necessarily with my party.    This President has released many additional people who have returned to Afghanistan. Are you prepared to say that none of them killed Americans?    Mr. Issa. Guantanamo.    Mr. Issa. Guantanamo detainees released after 2009 who in fact went back and killed Americans.    Mr. Issa. So your public statement is that no detainees released by this administration have killed Americans on the battlefield as of today?    Mr. Issa. Okay. I just want to make sure I have it on the record because I don't believe it. But you can say it and you're under oath and I believe it that you believe it.    So I just want to make sure we understand. We're sitting here and somehow President George W. Bush early on, releasing the less dangerous, the easier to vet, the less likely to be a hardened criminal terrorist--terrorists, not criminals--they were released. They killed Americans. You're releasing people, they are not killing Americans. How do you account for that? Is this rehabilitation that you've done?    Mr. Issa. Well, President Bush released people. They killed Americans. You released people. They didn't kill Americans on the battlefield. How do you account for that difference that you've said under oath?    Mr. Issa. Okay. Well, let's do that. You've used procedures that have limited re-engagement. But it hasn't eliminated re-engagement, correct?    Mr. Issa. So you've released people after 2009. They have re-engaged. They're back on the battlefield attempting to kill Americans, right?    Mr. Issa. Okay. But I just--you know, it is just one of these things that I think in a very public--it is not--this is not something that needs to be privately discussed. It's something--now, Madam Chair, if I can have 30 more seconds. My predecessors did.    People that were released under Bush re-engaged and killed Americans. You'll have us believe in a public environment that although people released under this administration were more hardened criminals--these were the people that were in fact not released under Bush because he thought they were too dangerous. They've been released. You're saying in a public forum that they re-engaged but you're saying nobody died.    Mr. Issa. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Issa. Thirty more seconds.    Mr. Issa. Thank you. I just want to understand. We have heard endlessly that the Bush administration released people and they went back on the battlefield and President George W. Bush and his administration have to live with the fact that they thought these people could be safely released back to Qatar and to other countries and in some cases they were wrong.    But you continued to work toward closure by release back to these countries, Yemen being a particular area of concern, and I just want to make sure the American public hears in an open session that you believe that you have been flawless in that no Americans have died because of people released on this President's watch and you've said that.    So I want to thank the gentleman that was very kind to let me recap.