    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In defense of my own political science degree, it gives you options. Law school----    The Chairman. Yes, but you became an attorney, so you went downhill from there.    Mr. Huffman. You have law school or unemployment, so it gives you options.    All right, Ms. Goldfuss, welcome. My friend from Arkansas raises some interesting points. He is certainly right, that these catastrophic wildfires that we are seeing more and more in the West are not helping with climate change, they are contributing to the problem.    But even though those questions were posed to you in an adversarial manner, I think he is helping make the case for you here, because, if he is correct--and he may be--that prudent forest treatments can reduce the prevalence of those fires and, therefore, the greenhouse gas-inducing emissions, then considering those climate impacts or benefits as part of a NEPA process ought to be a good thing in the NEPA review of those plans. Wouldn't you agree?    Mr. Huffman. OK. So I actually appreciate the point. I think it underscores the fact that we need to look comprehensively at all impacts, including climate impacts and benefits to the various things that our Federal Government does. That is what NEPA is all about.    Mr. McClintock certainly gave us some interesting rhetoric on ice ages and climate change. Just when you thought a previous ice age had extinguished all the dinosaurs, we heard some pretty incredible climate denial just now. And that, unfortunately, is the prevailing view in today's Republican party. So you know this already, but I just want to welcome you to this bubble of climate denial that you have walked into today.    Mr. Huffman. Reclaiming my time?    The Chairman. Mr. Huffman, it is your time, please.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you. And I hope it will be adjusted to reflect what was just lost.    The point, Ms. Goldfuss, is that this climate denial philosophy you are hearing today is completely isolated from the rest of the world. And you do know this, but it is worth mentioning--every other conservative party in the world acknowledges climate change, and supports action plans and national and international negotiations and responses to address it. That is why the conservative parties even who believe in liberty and do not like regulation and do not like lots of government in every other democracy in the world acknowledge climate change and support international agreements. They have signed on to the Paris Agreement, and yet we are going the other direction with our Grand Old Party these days, unfortunately, as you have heard today.    Just 8 years ago, the party platform acknowledged climate change and called for a transition to clean energy. Fast forward to 2016 and we have a nominee that calls it a hoax and a platform that rejects not just the Paris Agreement, but its goals, and declares that coal is clean energy.    So, we are sort of in a netherworld on this issue of climate change here today, isolated literally from the rest of the world. Even Vladimir Putin's Russia, even Castro's Cuba, even China, they have all stepped forward because this climate change science and the imperative of doing something about it is so obvious to absolutely everyone in the world, including conservatives, except for the folks that you are hearing from here today and some of their colleagues.    So, I think that context is important. What you are doing is absolutely essential. We should just make sure to remind people why you are doing it. This is not part of some radical, costly agenda. In fact, a lot of court cases have looked at NEPA and concluded that you have to examine the impacts of climate change. Is that correct?    Would you tell us about the state of those court decisions that actually bind Federal agencies to go through a process like this?    Mr. Huffman. All right, thank you. So, binding decisions of Federal courts, overwhelming consensus of the world's scientific community, and the view of the rest of the world, you are doing the right thing, Ms. Goldfuss. Keep it up.    The Chairman. Let me ask all Members here, we have a long time between now and the end of the year and a lame duck session--just make sure you self-regulate what you say, and the comments that you make vis-a-vis anybody else here in the room. Mellow them out, unless we are talking about the Administration. Then go after the jugular. Is that OK?    