    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator McCabe, when you appeared before this committee for previous hearings on the proposed rule, I had voiced my concern that only 6 percent of existing nuclear power in States would be counted towards developing a State's goal, while 100 percent of existing renewable power was credited. Now, in the final rule credits for both of those are gone. However, I understand that States will have the option to choose mass-based goal for compliance that would insure that we value all existing zero carbon resources within a State similarly. Is that correct?    Mr. Doyle. New, but there's no credits for existing.    Mr. Doyle. Well, let me ask you this. If a State adopts a mass-based goal and implements stringent leakage mitigation policy.    Mr. Doyle. Do you believe nuclear plants will not be able to prematurely retire unless they're replaced by equivalent zero carbon power or energy efficient measures?    Mr. Doyle. Well, if the nuclear plant retires prematurely just for cost factor, you know, because it's priced----    Mr. Doyle . Out of the market and a State adopts a mass-based goal, will they have to replace that with zero--you know, will their only choice for replacement of that be zero carbon power?    Mr. Doyle. What happens if these nuclear plants retire in a State with a rate-based plan? What's the difference between nuclear plants retiring in a rate-based plan versus in a mass-based plan?    Mr. Doyle. Let me ask you another question. In my State in Pennsylvania, our Governor is not a Governor that's saying he won't comply. He's looking forward to working to come up with a plan. My State is a net exporter of electricity. We could benefit from the option to submit multi-State plans.    Mr. Doyle. So, adopting a mass-based rather than a rate-based goal may facilitate the kind of a plan, but I've heard that this mass-based goal could handicap future economic growth as emission limits in total are capped. So, how do you respond to the concerns that some States have about that? Could these multi-State plans shift to accommodate new sources of power?    Mr. Doyle. Yes, I'd appreciate that. And, finally, the formula for the first building block of the Clean Power Plan, EPA determined that States could reasonably improve coal fleet efficiency between 2.1 and 4.3 percent rather than the 6 percent across the board under the proposed rule.    Mr. Doyle. Can you elaborate on how the EPA determined this range for efficiency improvements in the final rule, and how the EPA reached different rates for different parts of the country?    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, the Pittsburgh Pirates this evening, the team that I represent in Congress, are going to take the major leagues' best pitcher, Mr. Arrieta, and give him a massive beating tonight.    Mr. Doyle. Let me say that for the record.