    Mr. Kelly. First of all, Madam Under Secretary, you have in your testimony about a gentleman, or a person, Ivory Smith, of Poplarville, Mississippi, and what a success story they are in the Armed to Farm program. Of course, that combines two of the things that I love the most, which is my State of Mississippi, although not in my district, and also our veterans.    So I just wanted to thank you for that and thank you for recognizing that success story and which we hope will continue to be a success.    I spent the entire month of August in town hall meetings, being the newest Member up here, doing nothing but town halls or being engaged in all 22 of my counties which I represent, and over and over, whether it be large or small towns involved. And over and over again, the main concern that I got was the amount of regulation which we are getting across the board, whether it be in agriculture, or whether it be in banking or whatever, that just our small, local regular businesses can no longer perform and it is shutting them down and taking away opportunities. Whether that be a Dodd-Frank or whether that be waters of the U.S. or whether that be a number of other things that we have the Clean Power Plan, all those things are regulations which are putting restrictions on our most rural customers, who, a lot of times, don't have the technology, or don't have the access to technology, or don't have the income, or don't have the education, in order to comply with these regulations which seem like a good idea at a high level, but they are not at the end-user level.    What are you doing to help, or what is Rural Development doing to help them not only to comply with the regulations but, first of all, to understand what regulations they have?    Mr. Kelly. Thank you again. I want you to just know how grateful I am for what Rural Development and USDA as a whole does for my state, and I appreciate that.    On the broadband issue, Administrator McBride, I have a specific incident, and I won't mention names and those kind of things, but they got in on the pilot program of the broadband. And because they were involved in the pilot program, they are no longer eligible for any other programs for any loan things--this is what they are told--is because they were part of the pilot, they are not--do not have. Some of the later programs are better programs. And they are very important. They have been very successful. They brought broadband to areas in my district which otherwise would not have any Internet service whatsoever.    What, if anything, can you in your job do to make sure that if we have success stories where we are using the taxpayers' money wisely to bring those services to the people that were intended, that they are able to go out and not to forfeit on their loans, which they haven't done yet, but at the rate they are going they will, unless they can get more assistance to help them to ensure that they are doing it. Because they have been successful, but the amount of rates go down over time that you get back. And the bottom line is the big companies are not going to come in there and run broadband, so there is no one to replace it, so there is no service. So when the rates get so high that they no longer get the credit from USDA, or from Rural Development, then they just lose service because they just forfeit and can't pay it anymore.    Mr. Kelly. I thank the panel, I thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Abraham, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Kelly. Deputy Under Secretary Almanza, I just want to follow. I share the sentiments from the gentleman from Arkansas as to the catfish. What other meats are not inspected that either come in or don't have similar inspection patterns that come into the United States that we export?    Mr. Kelly. Meat. There is for poultry. There is for beef. What other meat, other than catfish, is not inspected that we export that does not have a dual inspection role, either going in or coming out?    Mr. Kelly. Okay. And this is for Administrator Shea. While high-pathogen avian influenza hasn't affected the southeastern United States of which Mississippi and several other states are there, our poultry producers and resources are doing all they can to prepare. What lessons have you learned at APHIS about the spring's avian influenza outbreak that will make it better, make you better able to respond to that when and if it hits the Southeast?    Mr. Kelly. Mr. Under Secretary, I am not sure who to address this question to, but one of the issues I had come up while I was back home in district, was between the grower and the owner of broilers, a lot of times the grower does not have insurance or cannot get insurance and it goes to the owner of the broilers, not to the grower. Are there any provisions, or has USDA, or has anyone looked at how do we take care of the grower who not only loses his crop that he doesn't get paid for, but also is not capable of growing crops in the future or for a long time?    Mr. Kelly. Thank you both for your answer. Mr. Chairman, thank you again for allowing me, and thank the panel, and I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. DesJarlais, 4 minutes.    Mr. Kelly. Mr. Secretary, if you would address that briefly, and then let me get to my questions, please.    Mr. Kelly. Thank you, again, Mr. Chairman, and panel for being here. My question is, I understand that it is just not--I know there is a lot of fraud, or there is some fraud that goes on. And like many things in life, the few punish not only the end-user, but they punish your department, and they punish us all because of what a few do. That being said, I understand that. What initiatives are you doing or working with the states to make sure that we reduce the amount of fraud and that we continue to focus on that so that those few don't disparage all of us by the way that they act?    Mr. Kelly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back the balance of my time that I don't have.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Abraham, for 4 minutes.