    Mr. Ross. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Woodall, I have to just follow up on what my colleague from Texas was pursuing. And as a litigator of 25 years I know that the trier of fact, whether it be a jury or judge, must rely on evidence brought before them. And that evidence, of course, is in the best form when it is brought by an expert. And when that expert testimony is uncontroverted then it becomes clear matter of fact that that opinion should gain the day.    Clearly on this board, on FSOC, you are eminently qualified and by far the only person who could be considered an expert in the insurance arena. You have experienced not only academically but also practically as an insurance commissioner.    So I have to ask. What was it, in your opinion, that drew FSOC to disregard uncontroverted expert insurance opinion, and designate MetLife and Prudential as SIFIs?    Mr. Ross. I don't think they listened to you, is the problem.    Mr. Ross. And I think that there might have even been some influence.    In reading your testimony about not being at the table with the IAIS, is that a factor that may play into the domestic category of creating these SIFIs, the non-bank SIFIs because they are more concerned about the international process than they are the domestic process?    Mr. Ross. They haven't been listening to you, though, have they? That is clear in your testimony.    Mr. Ross. And I--    Mr. Ross. Right.    Mr. Ross. But with regard to the designation--    Mr. Ross. Yes, no--    Mr. Ross. Right. There hasn't been a run on life insurance, has there? Are people all of a sudden going to go and cash in their life insurance policies? Because if they are, then our serious consequences for economic structure are way out of line.    Chair Matz, 90 percent of Prudential's balance sheet assets and liabilities are in regulated insurance companies. It engages in no proprietary trading and its limited security of ease lending business was fully collateralized. What would be the basis for your decision that Prudential poses a risk to the financial stability of the United States?    Mr. Ross. And you testified, I think earlier to Chairman Luetkemeyer's question, that you relied on staff, the expertise of the staff.    And I think, Mr. Cordray, you went on to say even further that everyone on FSOC has their own expertise and that FSOC members also rely on the expertise of FSOC staff, among others.    This begs the question, who are the other people FSOC is relying on to make these determinations if not the panel? And who are the staff? And what is their expertise in such arenas as insurance? Yes, sir?    Mr. Ross. Yes, I would think so.    Mr. Ross. Yes, but--    Mr. Ross. But they had a diversified portfolio--    Mr. Ross. --not unlike Prudential and--    Mr. Ross. On your FSOC staff, I doubt if you have anybody as eminently qualified as Mr. Woodall. If you are relying on those expert as opposed to the member, Mr. Woodall, then I think there are some problems there.    But let's talk about asset managers. What are we doing here designating asset managers as SIFIs when in fact they are basically brokers? They are not carrying the assets.    And in fact, the impact it will have on mom and pops and retirees because of now what they are going to have to do is pay fees in order to justify why they are brokering with a SIFI when we have not even established that an asset manager should be a SIFI. Yes, sir?    Mr. Ross. Oh, you got them in stage two already.    Mr. Ross. They learned through a Wall Street Journal article.    Don't you think it would be more prudent to allow these asset managers to have the ability to correct whatever may be wrong so that they can save not only the financial system, but also those with whom they serve, instead of waiting until the opportunity where a collapse may occur that you seem to foresee?    Mr. Ross. If I went to the doctor and knew I had something wrong, I would want to be diagnosed and treated immediately, rather than wait until I was on life support.    I yield back.