    Mr. Beyer. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman; and thank you very much, Madam Secretary, for being here.    Mr. Beyer. In the mid-1990s, when I was Lieutenant Governor of Virginia, we had three mine blowouts in the Commonwealth, three within 2 years. Yet, here we are today, discussing another, but somehow not talking about how to prevent future blowouts or improve efforts to clean abandoned mines.    The incident at the Gold King Mine is a clear reminder to us here, and to the American public, that abandoned land mines are an issue we can no longer ignore. We need to be looking at meaningful Federal solutions to address abandoned mine lands; we cannot ignore the cause of the problem and the lack of funding to clean them up. None of the proposals that we have heard in committee actually tackle the problem at hand. We are having another hearing that ignores the elephant in the room.    Instead, we are here looking for a scapegoat, despite the very clear paragraph in the Executive Summary of Interior's report. Let me quote, ``The uncontrolled release at Gold King Mine was due to a series of events spanning several decades. Groundwater conditions in the upper reaches of Cement Creek have been significantly altered by the establishment of extensive underground mine workings, the extension of the American Tunnel to the Sunnyside Mine, and the subsequent plugging of the American Tunnel. The final events leading to the blowout and the uncontrolled release of water occurred due to a combination of an inadequately designed closure of the mine portal in 2009, combined with EPA's misinterpretation of the groundwater conditions when reopening the mine portal in 2014 and 2015.''    Previously, I had equated our discussion of EPA's role in the Gold King Mine as blaming the cardiologist for failing to save a heart attack patient who had been smoking and drinking for 40 years; but this is actually worse, because this is like blaming another physician not involved in the operation who was asked to consult.    If you read the Majority's memo, you would think that the Department of the Interior colluded with the EPA and hid evidence of guilt in a whitewashed report designed to throw the state of Colorado under the rug, and sweep the whole issue under the rug. Let me be clear. The mine was not on Interior land. The Interior Department was not working on this mine. The Department was required to respond to the release, and the Department certainly did not cause it.    Despite the claims in the Majority's memo, from the very beginning, the Department said it was running a technical review, not a criminal one. The statement of work from the EPA dated August 20 is even titled, ``Technical Review of the Gold King Mine Assessment.'' Even in the technical report, I do not think the Bureau of Reclamation tried to sugarcoat anything. There are a lot of really hard recommendations here. They took a hard look at the issue; they were quite critical in their assessment. This caused both the EPA's Inspector General and the EPA's internal review team to expand the scope of the inquiries.    Yesterday, the EPA released an addendum to their internal report that more deeply investigates some of the very things that the Reclamation report raised. So today, rather than looking for a scapegoat, we should be looking in a mirror. We have the power to address the abandoned mine lands issue.    We should be talking about something of substance, like Ranking Member Grijalva's H.R. 963, the Hardrock Mining Reform and Reclamation Act, which actually tackles this issue. Between $9 billion and $21 billion is needed to clean up the abandoned mine lands, just on BLM and U.S. Forest land. So, just as the coal industry does for coal mines, we should be seriously considering a royalty system for hardrock mining.    Thank you for being here, and we all look forward to your testimony.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes or more.    The Chairman. I appreciate Congresswoman Lummis mentioning the bills that we are moving forward that deal with the abandoned mines. There are a trifecta of bills. You forgot Mr. Hardy's bill, that is part of that group. I want that to be recognized, as well.    Even though some people may want to do that, today's discussion is not about abandoned mines. The focus is simply on the Department's role in the Animas River spill.    At our September joint hearing, we had testimony from affected states and tribes. Today, we finally get to Secretary Jewell, and we are pleased to have you here. We hoped to have you earlier, but I understand you were in Paris. You really picked a bad time to go to Paris, that's for sure.    The Interior Department is responsible for a myriad of resources impacted by EPA's disastrous 3 million gallon spill. The map on the screen shows all of the Department's resources in the affected area. Incidentally, this particular map has been derived from the committee's new Federal Footprint Map, which I hope will illustrate the scope of the Federal Government's vast ownership and control of land across the United States. You may be interested in looking at that in the future.    This is the Four Corners region with Colorado in the northwest corner of the map. That red dot is the Gold King Mine. The spill flowed from there south into New Mexico, and then turned through Utah and Arizona, which are to the left. Each color on that map represents a different bureau ownership or land designation. This map illustrates that there are ESA-protected species in the San Juan River, that there are BLM and Park Service lands in this area, and that the plume flowed through multiple Indian reservations.    And, as it turns out, the Bureau of Reclamation, the bureau that conducted this so-called independent report, was consulting with the Gold King Mine before the spill. USGS worked with EPA to determine the volume of toxic water that was spilled. Aside from the work on the mine, the Bureau of Reclamation doubled its normal water release from the Navajo Dam to try to dilute the spill, which caused greater impact on the reservation lands than there was there before.    This is in addition to the financial resources the Department of the Interior was providing to EPA for its project, the Gold King Mine, and other mines in that area. Given the breadth of Interior's involvement, the agency never should have agreed to do this review in the first place. DOI itself recognized that BLM, as a potentially responsible party under CERCLA, should not be involved; so it is baffling why the Bureau of Reclamation would be considered more objective.    I also must point out the Administration's double standard regarding enforcing regulations. At the last hearing, many of my colleagues pointed out that EPA would have aggressively pursued criminal charges if a private company had caused the spill instead of the Federal Government. Since then, we have learned that EPA did not consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service on its activities at the Gold King Mine prior to the spill, and has not consulted with the Service on its response or the cleanup, as well.    The Service's selective interpretation of the Endangered Species Act's consultation requirement is as hypocritical as the EPA's selective enforcement of its environmental regulations. Average Americans are threatened and prosecuted for failing to abide by the ESA, but when EPA spills millions of gallons of contaminated mine water into a river with critical habitat, or writes new rules for power plants to keep manatees and Americans warm in the winter--these same laws just simply don't apply.    Instead of holding the EPA accountable for its mistakes, the Department issued a report in October that totally glossed over the most critical questions about how and why the spill occurred. I am sorry, but the BOR report is factually inaccurate in parts, and sometimes downright misleading. While the Interior Department may not have caused the spill, it is responsible for--in the words of one New Mexico official, ``Its invisible response following the spill,''--and for this so-called independent report.    EPA publicly promised, including before this committee, that their report would uncover whether there were wrongdoings; and they even announced they were halting work on thousands of mine sites nationwide pending the outcome of this report. Unfortunately, the report does not give those answers, and raises more questions than it answers.    That is why this committee has requested information from the Department of the Interior to better understand the agency's conduct before, during, and following the issuance of this report. States, tribes, and Americans impacted by this disaster expect a prompt, thorough, and transparent look at this serious issue.    Unfortunately, the Department delayed its response to information requests for weeks. Then they dumped thousands of documents, hundreds of them heavily redacted, including many a few days before this hearing. Rest assured, these tactics will not stop this particular committee--and I do consider them to be tactics.    Another thing that will not impede the committee's investigation is EPA's astounding unveiling last night at 6:28 p.m. of entirely new information about the Gold King Mine disaster. If you are not aware--I am sure you are all aware of that, but it is an unusual thing to do.    One last thing I would like to note, as I look forward to exploring these topics today, is that I appreciate your willingness to be here with us, Ms. Jewell, as we go through this important issue.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, very much.    Madam Secretary, the Chairman, in his opening statement, said that the BOR should never have been assigned this task because Mike Gobla, who worked for BOR, was going to be on a consulting team scheduled for the week or two after, and that compromised BOR. How do you respond to that?    Mr. Beyer. And, really, there is no way that Mr. Gobla was involved in the actual spill at all.    Mr. Beyer. OK, great. Madam Secretary, the Chair also characterized this as a disaster, which I very much respect. One of the things I have seen--by August 9, 4 days later, the levels of metal and sediment from the Silverton area had returned to levels prior to the August 5 spill; the water quality in the San Juan River and the Navajo Nation had returned to pre-event levels by August 15; and the Animas and San Juan Rivers had lifted restrictions on irrigation, livestock, and recreation. EPA expects no adverse health effects and the risk to livestock is low.    Were there any deaths to people or livestock? Were there any illnesses that we know about?    Mr. Beyer. Any sense of the economic loss, agriculture----    Mr. Beyer. Yes. I mean the pictures are horrible, and I do not want to minimize the disaster effect. We also want to put it in perspective.    Mr. Beyer. We just looked at the EPA's internal report, which we just got this morning. They talked about the two on-site coordinators on pages 3 and 4, and how the one guy who was responsible had gone on vacation, and had directed, ``The other person''--name redacted--``the EPA contractors, DRMS staff, not to proceed with any work on actually opening the adit until his return after a planned vacation.''    On page 4, it then goes on to talk about how they were scraping away all the loose soil near the face of the adit, with the initial goal of locating the primary blockage. With the consultation of DRMS, they were doing additional excavation to identify the location of the bedrock. They were able to locate the bedrock. Then they started to go home, and were doing the final cleanup work, when the team noticed a water spout a couple of feet high in the air.    So, they were not attempting to open the adit when the thing happened at all. It looks like, from the internal review, that they were respecting the advice of the leader, who was on vacation.    Is there anything in there that suggests criminal activity?    Mr. Beyer. Is there anything that suggests gross negligence?    Mr. Beyer. One of the most interesting engineering subtleties in here was that the assumptions were made that a lot of this was clay, which has a much higher ceiling impact. Actually, it was a lot of fallen metals and stone. Those are much more porous, which resulted in water levels double what they had anticipated. But, it is difficult to take that to negligence.    So thank you very much. Mr. Chair, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Beyer. I also appreciate the first question you asked.    Mr. Palumbo, I am coming back for another round. That is the crux of the question. You gave me a different answer than you gave him, so you can be thinking of your third response to it eventually.    Mr. Lamborn.