    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here.    Mr. Starr, correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe this is the third time you've been here before this committee this year. Is that correct, yes or no?    Mr. Carter. Yes, third. That's what I thought. That's what my calculations showed. You appeared here before this full committee in July to review the cost overruns of the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, and again in September to discuss both security concerns and cost overruns with the two U.S. consulates in Mexico. Is that correct?    Mr. Carter. And that's just two examples, two examples that you've had to answer for this year. Other examples would include the State Department paying a construction company $18.5 million for renovations to a prison in Afghanistan originally slated to cost $16 million, and then the firm only completed half of the work over 5 years. And now the State Department calculates it's going to cost another $16 million to finish the project.    The State Department has spent $5 million on fancy glassware--$5 million on fancy glassware--at U.S. embassies?    The new embassy in Papua New Guinea had to be entirely scrapped, entirely scrapped and started over. That resulted in almost quadrupling the cost of the project. Is that correct, Mr. Starr, yes or no.    Mr. Carter. So here we find ourselves here today. So today we see that the State Department has decided to act contrary, as we've been told, contrary to Federal law and State Department policies by starting construction on the London embassy before the required blast testing was completed. We've established that point, that's why we're here today.    The State Department has blatantly ignored its own policies, it's ignored Federal law and numerous recommendations. Poor decisionmaking has exposed the State Department to millions, millions of dollars in cost overruns. And now you're trying to push ahead and start the project, as we've seen, so that there's no turning back.    Does that sound familiar? Does that sound familiar to anything? Does that sound familiar to the Foreign Affairs Security Training Center that you're trying to build in Virginia right now? Does that----    Mr. Carter. It does not.    Mr. Carter. And, Mr. Starr, I'm following your example, because you've misstated a lot of the facts all day long. You could have renovated and you could have redone the current London embassy for less than a billion dollars if you'd only slowed down and made sure it was done correctly. We've established that here today. We've established that.    And then you know what bothers me so much about this? Is that we're making the same mistake all over again. All you have to do is look at what you're trying to do with the Foreign Affairs Security Training Center. That's all we've got to do. You look at what was done. You compared FLETC, the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center down in Glynco, Georgia. They submitted a bid of $243 million. You went to Fort Pickett. They submitted a bid of $950 million. And you went back to Fort Pickett and said, ``Aw, come on, can't you do better than that?'' They said, ``Okay, we'll come down to $450 million. We'll just eliminate the dormitories, the cafeterias, all the things that already exist at FLETC, we'll eliminate all those and we'll get the price down.''    You know, why don't we do this? I tell you what let's do, Ms. Muniz and Mr. Starr. Let's just go ahead and schedule, Mr. Chairman, let's go ahead and schedule the next hearing on the cost overruns at FASTC? You want to go ahead and do that? It'll just save us a lot of time.    Because we know you're going to be right back here. We've seen it already.    Let me tell you, when you get back here on the cost overruns on that, if I'm still on that committee, don't count on my support.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Carter. Mr. Starr, I don't----