    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Welcome, Madam Attorney General.    When you were the U.S. attorney and you received inquiries about an ongoing investigation, how would you respond to those inquiries typically?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Mr. Congressman, thank you for the question. It is Department policy and certainly my own view as a career prosecutor, typically our response would be that we're not able to comment on an ongoing matter.    Mr. DeSantis. And part of the reason for that is because if you're out making statements in the press that detract from the public's confidence that you're doing it by the facts if you're trying to prejudice the investigation. Is that fair to say?    Attorney General Lynch. That is certainly one of the reasons, Congressman.    Mr. DeSantis. Let me ask you this. When you were an AUSA, a line prosecutor, did you ever prosecute a case against someone with whom you had either a relationship on a personal or professional basis?    Attorney General Lynch. Can you be more specific?    Mr. DeSantis. Did you ever get assigned a case where the defendant was somebody that you knew either personally or professionally that had a private relationship?    Attorney General Lynch. That did not occur in my experience.    Mr. DeSantis. Would it have been appropriate, do you think, for you to have had a case if someone who, you know, maybe you worked with prior to taking the position as a prosecutor or would that case likely have been sent to a prosecutor who did not have that relationship?    Attorney General Lynch. It depends entirely on the facts and circumstances of the case, what type of case it was, whether it involved an individual, an entity. Every case is looked at on its own merits.    Mr. DeSantis. And so here is why I'm kind of asking these questions, because I delivered a letter, you probably haven't had a chance to read it yet, from a number of my colleagues, over 40 of us, requesting that you appoint a special counsel to look into the situation with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's e-mails. And the applicable regulations say that that's warranted if there's a conflict of interest for DOJ or there are other extraordinary circumstances and it would be in the public interest to appoint an outside special counsel.    So here is why I think it makes sense. You were appointed to the U.S. attorney in 1999 by President Bill Clinton. And I've had a chance to meet a lot of people who have served as ambassadors, different. I've never met anybody who doesn't have esteem for the person that appointed them to high office. I mean, it's a tremendous honor.    Your current boss who appointed you to your current job, President Obama, appointed you again to the U.S. Attorney's Office and now to your current job as the Attorney General and it's been said made statements saying that somehow there is no damage to national security. And then you have the presumptive Presidential nominee of your party is subject to this investigation.    So to me that would meet any definition of extraordinary circumstances. I don't think we could probably find a similar fact pattern in American history where such an investigation was put up. So why not, so that the public has confidence that this is done in an apolitical manner, assign somebody who is trustworthy to serve as a special counsel and then this way, however the investigation goes out, the public's going to have much more confidence in the outcome?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, thank you for your letter. I look forward to reviewing it and will provide a response.    Mr. DeSantis. But why not just--forget about the letter--why aren't these extraordinary circumstances?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, I would never forget about your letter, first of all, and we will provide a response to that. Certainly, we'll review the issues that you raised and we'll provide you with a response.    Mr. DeSantis. Do you think, though, that you as the Attorney General then having an investigation that concerns the spouse of somebody that's appointed you previously to a very important position, I mean, and it's not saying that somehow you're not going to try to do a good job, but it's just--it's human nature I think. And then the appearance of whether there is a conflict of interest at stake is something that I think a lot of people are concerned about. And I appreciate you're going to review the letter, but do you not see why that would cause people a little bit of pause?    Attorney General Lynch. Congressman, we will review everything raised in your letter and provide you with a response.    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Well, we look forward to doing that and hopefully you will do that in a timely fashion. Your predecessor usually did not respond in a timely fashion.    The vetting of the refugees. The testimony you gave is different from the testimony that we had from the FBI Director a couple weeks ago about our capacity to vet. And he, I think, said that you're getting better at it, but that you can't guarantee. I think you are confident that they'll be able to vet.    Well, let me ask you this. Your Department brought terrorism charges against a number of Bosnian immigrants, some of whom--at least one of whom was a refugee. So if our vetting is good, what happened in that case involving the Bosnian who was indicted on material support for terrorism charges in February 2015?    Attorney General Lynch. Well, I'd have to look at that specific case before I could provide you with an answer about that, Congressman. And of course if it were an ongoing case I wouldn't be comment about it. So, again, I'm not able to give you that answer at this time, and we'll see what information we can provide about that matter.    As I indicated, we have a robust screening mechanism for refugees from all countries. It relies upon efforts of not just the FBI, but the Department of Homeland Security, Department of Defense, State Department. It uses interviews, it uses biometric data. It is, as I indicated earlier, a challenging process, as is everything we do in law enforcement. But that does not mean that we are not committed to doing everything that we can to make sure that the process is as robust as possible and that we do everything that we can to protect the American people.    Mr. DeSantis. I think the concern, though, is that you can do everything right, but given the lack of data, the lack of information we have on people who are being pulled out of a very, very difficult circumstance, essentially an Islamic civil war, that you can do everything right and you could still have people come into the country who mean to do us harm. This Bosnian was able to get in in probably circumstances that it would have been easier to vet than with Syrians, and so I know a lot of us have concerns. But I appreciate your testimony.    And I yield back.