    Mr. McHenry. I thank my friend from Wisconsin. And I hope you will enjoy the same working relationship I had with the ranking member during my time. And congratulations on your new chairmanship, Sean. We are happy you have taken over, and I am sure the staff is much happier to work with you.    So, Mr. Montoya, thank you for being here, and Ms. Perez, thank you for being here, as well. I appreciate the work that you all do on a daily basis for the taxpayers and for the American people. It is important work.    Mr. Montoya, in your report you outline several other cases of employee misconduct in the Department of Housing and Urban Development. In your opinion, were the administrative remedies that the Department put in place sufficient?    Mr. McHenry. So, why? Why does that matter?    Mr. McHenry. So you work with the Department of Justice on these investigations, and you turn over--you have criminal referrals, at times, you turn over to the Department of Justice. Have they prosecuted in these cases?    Mr. McHenry. So HUD--most HUD employees are in the union. Is that correct?    Mr. McHenry. Okay. So how has the union involvement been in terms of taking action against people who have done wrong--broken the law, broken ethical standards? Have they helped?    Mr. McHenry. Isn't that a deeper issue when some guy is spending basically 40 percent of his time on a daily basis doing something else, and yet he is given high marks for exceeding his job? Perhaps maybe he should be doing more work or have more responsibility to maybe fill up his day if he can actually spend about half of his time working for the taxpayer but collecting full pay. Isn't that a deeper cultural problem?    Mr. McHenry. Sir, look, these are important programs. You have Public and Indian Housing, you had a loan officer who embezzled over $800,000 from the taxpayers--and he was hired despite the fact that--as you outline in your report--he had a 10-year criminal history. First of all, how did he slip through the cracks? And second of all, has he paid us back yet? Has he paid my constituents back and the American taxpayers back for the money he embezzled?    Mr. McHenry. But how did he slip through the cracks with a 10-year criminal record?    Mr. McHenry. And have they corrected this?    Mr. McHenry. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.