    Mr. Pearce. I do.    Mr. Pearce. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Mr. Secretary. I appreciate your comments today. I think Mr. Huizenga was making a very critical point that many times we, you, whomever, will sit in these chairs and we speculate what we are going to do to help those people, to be more fair to those people. I participated in my first year in making an award from some department in HUD that allowed a young woman to move into a home in Anthony, New Mexico. Anthony is predominantly a poor community, so it was nice to have the help there. Several years later, she caught me at a town hall and said, ``Do you remember coming to my house? You actually helped move boxes in from the trucks.'' And I said, ``I do remember that.'' And she said, ``I was sort of led into that by this free money from the government. What I did is put my money down. I bought a house that I could not afford because I just wanted to believe that I could do it. I ended up losing the whole thing. Everything I owned went with it.'' That is what we do in the sense of fairness. That is what we do when we do not have adequate underwriting standards, when we don't bother to take a look at if people can make the payments or if they can't.    Now, people in New Mexico are relatively ambivalent about the whole concept of GSEs, and the problems that the GSEs caused, until I explained that you, the taxpayer, are getting to pay for the bad mortgages for your neighbor down the street, whether they made it or they are enticed into it, or whether the government helped them, doesn't matter. If it goes bad, you the taxpayer are paying for their mortgage and yours. That is when people get hostile. So a couple of years ago we actually started concentrating on that in this committee, and the President began to talk about needing to reform the GSEs.    Now, that wasn't being driven by polls, because there are probably not 10 people in the world who understand the function of GSEs out there in the voting public. So he was aware just how angry people were getting because they were having to pay for other people's mortgages because of lax underwriting standards. You have made the comment several times today that you, FHA, did not cause a problem. Would you care, in 15 seconds, to talk about how the problem was created or is that not something you care to get into?    Mr. Pearce. Basically then, let me fill the gap for you. In order to drive housing goals set by this body and many people in this committee, we are pushing banks to give loans, no-doc loans, doesn't matter. We are going to take them over here. We are going to transition them out of your hands really quickly, going to put them on those GSEs and it never matters, because we are going to securitize. And we are going to spread the risk out over the entire world. We are going to chop them into pieces. Nobody would ever know exactly what went wrong. And as soon as the first house didn't continue to escalate in price, the whole damned thing collapsed down and took away about half of the minority homeowner's value.    Blacks and Hispanics have suffered more under the abuses coming from Wall Street than any other population. And so when you hear us sitting in this committee being concerned that you are not watching the balance sheet, understand that it is because poor people end up paying the bill all the time. You have made the assertion that you have 47 billion there for your stable. Is that basically--is that a fair characterization?    Mr. Pearce. How much money did you have in the bank when you took the money from the taxpayers? How much money did you have in the bank at that point?    Mr. Pearce. No, just the number. How much money did you have in the bank when you took--    Mr. Pearce. My point is that you had money in the bank and you still had to take funds from the government. I would like to get into just the issue of the False Claims Act, if you are actually helping to mitigate the problems there, because that is going to shut off more loans to low-income potential homeowners than anything else. So again, we have major troubles down the road and I think this hearing is just trying to clear the air. Are you watching the circumstances around it? Our past experience says we doubt it. But we will still--in the west, we trust our neighbors, but we brand our cows, so I am just here to brand the cow.    Mr. Pearce. This cash in the bank does not say that we are solvent.    Mr. Pearce . The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Missouri, the ranking member of our Housing and Insurance Subcommittee, Mr. Cleaver. And if the gentleman would suspend, I believe we are going to take a 5-minute break right now. We will recess for 5 minutes. We will be right back.    Mr. Pearce. I notice the palace guard has arrived. You didn't lose your charge, did you?    Mr. Cleaver, I regret to inform you that under an arcane rule of the House, your time elapsed while his time elapsed, and so, but with unanimous consent, we would recognize Mr. Cleaver for 30 seconds.    Mr. Cleaver, go ahead, 5 minutes.    Mr. Pearce. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Pearce. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Stivers.    Mr. Pearce. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Pearce. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Mr. Pearce. The gentleman yields back. The gentleman's time has expired.    And the Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney.    Mr. Pearce. The gentleman's time has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Delaware, Mr. Carney.