    Dr. Handelsman. Thank you. Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Fattah, and members of the committee, I thank you for the opportunity to speak today on the Federal investments in neuroscience and neurotechnology. The White House and OSTP support several neuroscience and mental health activities, including the Interagency Working Group in Neuroscience, the BRAIN Initiative, the National Alzheimer's Project, the initiatives to tackle mental health issues affecting veterans, service members, and military families.    Diverse sectors of the American population face risks related to brain health--from concussions in athletes to Alzheimer's in the elderly. Recent studies estimate that as many as 5.1 million Americans age 65 and older have Alzheimer's; 18 percent of service members returning from Iraq and Afghanistan have PTSD or depression; and each year approximately 2.5 million civilians in the U.S. sustain a traumatic brain injury.    Scientists have been exploring the underlying nature of these brain disorders with the hope of developing preventive strategies, treatments, and perhaps cures.    One obstacle has been the absence of sufficiently sensitive neurotechnologies to see with precision what is happening inside the active brain. The Obama Administration's BRAIN Initiative intends to help overcome this particular obstacle. Since its launch in 2013, the BRAIN Initiative has grown to include investments from five Federal agencies--NSF, DARPA, IARPA, NIH, and FDA. These agencies have refined the goals of the BRAIN Initiative, developed funding opportunities, and awarded initial grants.    Dr. Olds will share with you some of the exciting work at     Work funded by other agencies is focusing on recording activity in the human nervous system, enhancing and developing new neuroimaging technologies, fostering developments in data handling and advanced analytics, and understanding capturing the brain's computational abilities.    Federal investments of the foundation of the BRAIN Initiative but completion of the broad goals of this initiative will require complementary efforts by a variety of organizations outside the Federal government.    To date, private sector partners have made commitments totaling over $500 million in just the first 2 years of the initiative.    The Federal engagement in neuroscience is much broader than just the BRAIN Initiative. With the encouragement of Congress, including members of this committee, an Interagency Working Group on Neuroscience was established in 2012 to coordinate neuroscience research across the Federal government and identify opportunities for international collaboration and communication. The Neuroscience Working Group includes representatives from more than 20 Federal agencies and departments that have interests in neuroscience research.    I describe some of the working group's interagency coordination activities in my written testimony.    With regard to international collaboration, for example, last month the National Institute on Aging and its HHS sister agencies convened a followup to the 2013 G8 dementia summit, at which international partnerships for interdisciplinary research on the causes, prevention, and treatment of Alzheimer's were discussed.    Also, NSF and NIH, in collaboration with German, French, and Israeli science organizations, have jointly funded collaborative research in computational neuroscience to facilitate international sharing of brain experimental data as well as analysis tools.    On the domestic front, great strides have been made over the past year in mental health care for our service members, veterans, and their families, including improvements in continuity of mental health care and mobilization of community clinicians and peer counselors to increase access to services and to assist in suicide prevention.    Thanks again for the opportunity to be here today. While there is still certainly much to be done to meet the needs of Americans facing neurological disorders and diseases, Federal investments are already making progress toward improving our understanding of the underlying neuroscience that will lead to preventive strategies and treatments. I thank the committee for its continued leadership and vigorous support for these issues. And, of course, I will be pleased to answer questions of the members.