    Mr. Richmond. Mr. Chairman.    I guess I will pick up where my colleague just left off, in trying to determine the exemptions which, my understanding, would be outright exemptions of categories of people, and then waivers, as you all define as on a case-by-case basis and the Secretary has the authority to do that.    My colleague quoted John Conyers, who I certainly respect and made him an authority, but John Conyers is also asking for us to vote on voting rights. I don't hear anyone quoting him or moving to do that.    What it sounds like to me is that you all were asking for the blanket exemption for those categories, and, when you didn't get it, some lawyer in your office said, well, it is not a big deal, because you can do it by waivers on a case-by-case basis.    Is that probably fair, that someone came to you and said that you could do exactly what you want to do by waiver, as opposed to, I guess, continuing to negotiate an exemption?    Mr. Richmond. Did we have any conversations about taking that waiver provision out of law, or striking that, so that the Secretary would not have the authority to waive on a case-by-case basis? Did anyone raise a concern about that?    Mr. Richmond. Let me just ask you, in terms of cost, how much more time and energy and resources are you all gonna use to look at a waiver on a case-by-case basis, or if the person had to actually go through the visa process?    Mr. Richmond. Well, and let's move on to, I guess, what your ultimate goal is when you say the National security interests, which is why you now have implemented waivers, or planning to, because of our partners.    What have our partners done, in terms of how they treat travel to Syria or any of the other conflict zones that support terrorism?    Mr. Richmond. Yes.    Mr. Richmond. So it is--I mean, it is mutually beneficial, and I would say beneficial. But it is absolutely mandatory that all of the partners cooperate, in order to make not only them safer, but us safer, also.    Was this becoming a problem, in terms of the relationship with our partners?    Mr. Richmond. The law, yes.    Mr. Richmond. Well, I would just tell you that I do have a concern, when it comes to protecting the homeland. I think that we are on a very slippery slope, in terms of how far we go. But, to the extent that the experts believe that it creates a better relationship with our partners and the fact that it will keep us more secure, I think that language is clearly within the law, that says that you have the right to waive it, if it is in the National security interest.    If our negotiators had a problem with that, they should read that line, take it out, and then I think that all the emails and everything else we went back and forth and talked about today, they would have every right to be upset about, because you asked for an exemption and you didn't get it. But if they were--wanted to outlaw the waivers, then that language just shouldn't be in there.    But if it is in there, we can't come back and get mad that you are using language that is already there. I think that you have to make sure that you are confined to the spirit of what those waivers are and not go too far with defining National security interests and--because, at the end of the day, we just don't want the American people less safe. We don't want to be negligent in our responsibility to make them safe.    With that, I will yield back.