    Dr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for being here, General Jackson.    I offer my thanks to the Corps for completing the section 902 report for the Houston Ship Channel project, which I represent there at Houston Ship Channel. I understand that the purpose is essentially to update the calculated cost of the project, which was completed in 2005, and that this report reflects a project cost at the same level as the Corps reported in its original Chief's Report from 1996, which was $508 million; is this correct?    General Jackson. Yes, sir. The cost that I am showing is a total cost of $508 million.    Dr. Babin. OK. Thank you.    Can you provide assurances that the Corps will do everything possible to assure the report is released by this administration for full consideration by the Congress?    General Jackson. Congressman, I commit to that. I do.    Dr. Babin. All right. Thank you.    Then I know you just mentioned in the hearing today that you had recently visited the Port of Houston to see firsthand all of the exciting navigation work that is going on there and being accomplished by the Corps and the Port Authority. I understand that there is some confusion regarding Corps policies and appropriate sites for oyster mitigation, which is a very important issue for Galveston Bay and the people of Texas.    Can you assure me that the Corps will fully communicate with the sponsor about the basis for its draft decision to abandon the State and Federal preferred oyster reef location and resolve this issue so that the pending environmental restoration contracts will be as successful as the original mitigation projects?    General Jackson. Sir, I commit to that. That was an issue that was raised when I was at the port. We committed to work with the sponsor to try to work through the confusion and the concern so that we can get a project that meets all of the NEPA compliance requirements in the best interest of all parties. So we will continue to work that.    Dr. Babin. Well, that is a very important industry for us there in the seafood and oysters. So we certainly hope it is as successful as the last one.    And finally, as you may know, the Limited Reevaluation Report, LRR, for the Sabine-Neches Waterway is due at the end of this month, and I am hopeful and confident that this report will reflect the military and economic importance of this waterway.    I grew up on this waterway as a matter of fact, which has a direct link to two strategic seaports, Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas. Can you speak briefly to the importance of strategic seaports not only in my area, but across the country and how you weigh their importance when performing evaluations, such as an LRR?    General Jackson. Well, certainly, sir. When we take a look at all of the economic and environmental work that we do to evaluate the importance of every project, we factor in national security, force projection, and all the things that the ports do to provide for the national defense.    That is all part of the calculus that goes into assessing what the benefit-cost ratios are for projects of this type. Then, as you take a look at those benefit-cost ratios, that pretty much lays out the strategic importance of any particular project across the Nation.    That is how we evaluate it in our reports, and then the administration prioritizes them for their funding purposes once we get these projects authorized. So we are working hard to do that.    Dr. Babin. Excellent. Thank you very much, General.    And I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.