    Mr. Burgess. The Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade will now come to order. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for the purpose of an opening statement.    Today we are continuing our Disrupter Series and focusing today on additive manufacturing, also what is known as 3D printing. Additive manufacturing has disrupted the industries it has impacted, not just by challenging incumbents, but also by lowering cost and increasing efficiency.    Harnessed properly, this is another example of how innovation is creating jobs and opportunity and helping set the stage for a revival of manufacturing in the United States.    Additive manufacturing has been around since the 1980s with the patent for stereolithography issued to Charles Hull, the founder of one of the companies testifying today, 3D Systems. About 30 years later, surveys show that about two-thirds of industrial manufacturers say they are implementing additive manufacturing either by experimenting or using it to create prototypes of finished products, and the 3D printing industry is expected to grow from the $6 billion it is today to over $20 billion in a mere 5 years' time.    3D printing has already woven its way into our manufactured products in subtle ways. For example, some of the commercial airliners we all fly will soon use 3D-printed parts in their engines, and GE will testify about that today. Many of the cars on the road have had their development sped up dramatically thanks to 3D-printed prototypes.    Additive manufacturing has plugged itself into a growing proportion of the manufacturing supply chain because the designs are flexible and they are a naturally better solution for certain tasks.    But 3D printing is also making a splash in less subtle ways. People around the globe are benefitting from prosthetic limbs, which were otherwise unaffordable. Surgeons can create accurate surgical guides which reduce errors and as a result will save lives. Scientists have begun experimentally printing human cell structures using a person's DNA. That resulted as a logical use of life's own building blocks, but certainly potentially revolutionary for patients.    In my district, 3D printing is enabling businesses to get the job done more efficiently. I have a constituent back home, his name is Adrian Murray, he runs a hotrod modification shop called Painless Performance, and he provides customers with custom wiring harnesses for their classic cars. These parts are no longer manufactured on an assembly line, but using a 3D printing prototype offered by the Specialty Equipment Manufacturers Association, Painless Performance is able to speed up the development process. And I think we are going to show a video clip of that, if the technology doesn't fail us, and I will continue talking while that runs.    As the subcommittee with jurisdiction over vehicle safety, we are especially interestedin ways that vehicle suppliers and manufacturers are using polymers and plastics to enhance safety.    Can we just turn the sound down on that, because it is mostly the visual that we want.    Carbon fiber-reinforced plastics have 12 times the energy absorption capabilities, while adding half of the weight of some comparable metal parts. Additive manufacturing is helping automakers and part suppliers integrate these innovative materials into cars, which is making a safer and improving fuel efficiency. As 3D printers become more affordable, the universe of people able to print 3D-printed objects on their own expands.    One of the things in research for this hearing, my staff found an article for me, it is actually from Australia, that it talks about Ralph Mobbs, a neurosurgeon from Prince of Wales Hospital in Sydney. And in resecting a tumor in a patient, he had to replace the top two vertebras, pretty difficult operation, and, obviously, without the proper type of prosthetic it would have been impossible.    So the surgeon worked with an Australian medical device manufacturer to craft replicas of the patient's top two vertebra out of titanium. I just want to read you a quote from the surgeon--and mind you, he is from Australia, so he talks funny, I am sure.    ``To be able to get the printed implant that you know will fit perfectly because you have already done the operation on a model, it was a pure delight. It was as if someone had switched on a light and said, 'Crikey, if this isn't the future, well, I don't know what is.'"    So, Dr. Mobbs, I agree with you: If this isn't the future, I don't know what is.    Mr. Burgess. I will now turn to Ms. Clarke from New York, ranking member of the subcommittee, for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair would inquire of Mr. Pallone if he seeks time for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. Recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    Seeing no other member seeking time, we will conclude with member opening statements. And the Chair would remind members that, pursuant to committee rules, all members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    We do want to thank our witnesses for being here today, taking time out of your day to testify before the subcommittee. Today's witnesses will have the opportunity to give opening statements, and then we will follow with questions from members.    Our witness panel for today's hearing includes Mr. Neal Orringer, Vice President for Alliances and Partnerships, 3D Systems; Mr. Alan Amling, Vice President for Global Logistics and Distribution Marketing with UPS; Mr. Ed Morris, Director of National Additive Manufacturing Innovation at the National Center for Defense Manufacturing and Machining; and Dr. Herderick, the Additive Technologies Leader for Corporate Supply Chain and Operations within General Electric.    So we appreciate all of you being here today. We will begin the panel with Mr. Orringer.    And, Mr. Orringer, you are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Orringer, is the green light on in your microphone?    Mr. Burgess. You may need to pull it a little closer.    Again, I would stress that even though this is the premier technology committee in the United States Congress, we have pretty low-tech equipment. But please continue.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    The Chair recognizes Mr. Amling for 5 minutes to summarize your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Mr. Morris, you are recognized for 5 minutes to summarize your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    Dr. Herderick, you are recognized for 5 minutes. Just summarize your opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman, thanks all of our witnesses for your compelling testimony this morning. Thanks for all you are doing for the revitalization for manufacturing in America, and we appreciate your efforts in that regard.    Dr. Herderick, you talked about the experience you have had with manufacturing things for years, and now you have moved into this new realm. So I suspect there were significant challenges for, like, the quality control folks who assured that the device in question was going to stand up under the heat and pressure of a jet engine or a pump or whatever you were building.    I suspect that has been an ongoing process and one that has developed sort of simultaneously with the technology. Is that a correct assumption?    Mr. Burgess. But you are literally building airplane parts out of pixie dust and putting them into planes that we are all going to fly home later today.    Mr. Burgess. That is reassuring.    Now, Mr. Orringer, let me just ask you, well, your technology, you talked about it in your testimony, invented your company in the United States. The patent system in the United States, despite challenges, is one that is the envy of the world. But then you intersect with the regulatory side of the world. So sometimes things that are invented here but then subsequent manufacturing tends to go other places in the world. So is that something that you all have encountered?    Mr. Burgess. This subcommittee is so genteel. There is no oath given.    Mr. Burgess. There is no oath given, no lawyers backing up the panel.    Mr. Burgess. Well, I want you to consider this subcommittee as your subcommittee, and the interaction that we have initiated today, I want it to be an ongoing dialogue. Because to the extent possible we want to remove barriers for you, we don't want the invention to happen here and then the manufacturing occur somewhere else. We want these jobs in the United States of America. We want to make America great again. Could I say it any more succinctly?    Mr. Burgess. And I appreciate that. You are two of the most highly regulated industries, medicine/healthcare and the aerospace industry.    Mr. Morris, did you want to add something?    Mr. Burgess. Very well. The Chair thanks the gentleman.    My time has expired. I recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Schakowsky of Illinois, for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair thanks the gentlelady, recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes Ms. Clarke from New York, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. Yes, please.    Mr. Burgess. Sure.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Cardenas, for 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Indiana, Mrs. Brooks, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair thanks the gentlelady and recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Harper, 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman and recognizes the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Schakowsky, for redirection.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back and the Chair thanks the gentlelady.    I will recognize myself for redirection.    I mean, you all brought it up, so it is going to come up when we go back home. Our schools are going to ask us: Hey, how do we get that for our students? So any of you want to provide some direction and advice to the members of the subcommittee?    Mr. Burgess. Very well.    Mr. Orringer, I just wanted to ask you--well, you hear the bells go off. So we had a vote series called. Fortunately, it looks like we have made it through our hearing, and the good news for you is we have got a long series of votes, so it would keep us away for a while. So I think we will be able to adjourn before we go and vote.    This subcommittee does not deal with the FDA, but our full committee does. And it just strikes me as we are talking about things like the templates of the lattice to build new body parts, this really is cutting-edge stuff. And we have a regulatory agency. Yes, They are equipped to tell someone how to go about getting a drug approved, they are equipped to tell someone how to go about getting a device approved, but something that sort of blurs the lines between those two areas may be more difficult.    So have you had any experience, positive or negative, in dealing with the regulatory side of this on your medical side?    Mr. Burgess. Yes. I want to interrupt you just for a second. Yes, you want it, but I want the regulatory agency to be able to provide you direction. What are the steps that I have got to go through? What is the pathway to getting this completed?    And then the complaint that I will hear frequently is somehow the rules all change along the way and then I have got to go back and recertify or reapply.    Yes, I want the devices to be safe. I don't want to hear about things having to be recalled or removed. It is one thing with an automobile, it is a dreadful thing if it is in a child. But we also want to lay out the regulatory pathway for you so that you know and it is predictable, and you know the steps and the sequence, and you know that when you complete the tasks, that is the end of the process, that it is not an endless back and forth, oh, we are going to need more stuff, we didn't ask you this, we are going to need for you to go back and do this for a couple of years and come back and see us.    So when I am saying that this is your subcommittee too, I mean, that is the sort of feedback that I need to hear, the committee needs to hear, our staff needs to hear. We are anxious to have this be a continuing dialogue, because this is the sort of stuff that is over the horizon, but it is really pretty bright. When I talk to medical students, the kids in medical school today are going to have tools that no generation of doctors has ever known.    Mr. Burgess. That is pretty powerful.    Mr. Burgess. Well, thank you.    And, again, thanks to all of you on the panel. It has been a very informative morning.    Seeing that there are no further members wishing to ask questions, I will thank our witnesses for being here today.    Before we conclude, I would like to submit the following documents for the record, by unanimous consent. A statement for the record from the American Chemistry Council. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. I would also like to submit a letter from the Specialty Equipment Market Association. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. Pursuant to committee rules, I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record. I ask the witnesses to submit their responses to those questions within 10 business days upon the receipt of those questions.    And without objection, the subcommittee stands adjourned.