    Mr. Duncan. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order. I would now like to recognize myself for an opening statement on the hearing Nicaragua's Democratic Collapse.    We meet today to register our deep concern over the collapse of democracy in Nicaragua and conduct oversight of the Obama administration's priorities in the country, in view of U.S. interests and recent events.    While Nicaragua does not suffer the same problems with citizen security, gang wars, or migration to the United States as the Northern Triangle countries have experienced, it is the poorest Central American country and second poorest in the Western Hemisphere, only after Haiti.    Under President Ortega's multiple terms as President, he has taken increasingly blatant steps to concentrate political power into a single party FSLN-ruled system controlling the majority at executive, legislative, judicial, and electoral branches of government. In 2011, 2012, 2014 elections, the State Department and other observers found fraud and other major irregularities had occurred. Since then, the State Department has documented in several reports that Nicaraguan Government agents have committed arbitrary or unlawful killings, used excessive force and torture in prisons, and limited the Nicaraguan people's freedom of speech, religion, and the press.    Compounding these problems, in 2014 the FSLN-dominated National Assembly passed 97 constitutional amendments and Ortega pushed through a new military code and reform of the National Police, giving Ortega more political control over the country. Ortega also appointed his sons and daughters positions of Ambassador, Presidential advisor, and his wife holds the post of communication minister, government spokesperson and now is a Vice Presidential pick ahead of the November 6 elections, even though Nicaragua's Constitution bars those related to the President from being a candidate for Vice President.    In June, the Supreme Court stripped the opposition Independent Liberal Party, PLI, and the Citizen Action Party, PAC, of their chosen leaders.    In July, the Supreme Electoral Council removed 28 PLI National Assembly members from their democratically elected positions. Ortega has even announced that no international election observers will be allowed for the November election, despite the wishes of the Nicaraguan civil society. Such an erosion of democracy and freedom and utter disregard for the rule of law and human rights should elicit cries of outrage from democratic countries in Latin America, and the Caribbean, and from the Obama administration. Yet, while a few countries have made statements and the OAS, Organization of American States, and Human Rights Foundation have expressed concerns, nothing more has happened.    Today, there appears to be no cost to Ortega for undermining democracy and the rule of law in the pursuit of his own personal interests.    The United States has national interests at stake in Nicaragua and Central America. Nicaragua is a member of the Central American Free Trade Agreement, CAFTA-DR, thus, benefitting from access to U.S. markets. There are multiple U.S. businesses operating in the country, 177 Peace Corps volunteers reflecting the U.S. spirit of compassion, and many U.S. citizens have chosen to retire there.    Strategically, Nicaragua occupies the geographic center of Central America and is, therefore, key not only for legitimate commerce but also for drugs, contraband goods, migrant flows, and potential security challenges to the Northern Hemisphere. That said, we want to see a stable, prosperous Nicaragua that adheres to democratic principles, respects the rule of law and separation of powers, supports human rights, and responds to the will of the Nicaraguan people. We want to see that Nicaragua and all Central America achieve greater security and economic growth, limit migration north to the United States, and minimize the strategic influence of actors like China, Russia, and Iran from establishing a greater presence in the region. Unfortunately, under Ortega's tenure just the opposite is occurring.    Furthermore, Ortega has displayed clear contempt for the common accepted principles of government-to-government relations with the United States through the expulsion of three U.S. citizens traveling on official U.S. business in June from the country. This follows the expulsion of Freedom House's Latin American programs director and students from Mexico National Autonomous University earlier this year.    Ortega has also continued to pursue deeper relations with China through the Inter-Oceanic Canal Project, even though there appears to be limited progress on this canal and tremendous public opposition to his construction, Ortega has given the Hong Kong-based company HKND enormous discretion in building and operating the canal. Moreover, Russia has also been building stronger military ties to Nicaragua. Russia recently sold 50 T-72 tanks to Nicaragua, established and is expanding a large law enforcement training center in Managua, and gained access to Nicaragua's air space and ports.    Iran has also continued courting Nicaragua, sporadically pursuing interest in Nicaraguan ports during the last decade, a strong diplomatic presence, and student exchanges with Iranian religious schools. Iran's continuing interest in Nicaragua was highlighted by a visit last month by Iranian Foreign Minister Zarif, where Zarif expressed interest in collaborating with Nicaragua on the Inter-Oceanic Canal and extending economic energy and trade ties.    So, given the U.S. interest in Asia, the Middle East, and Europe, I am left wondering what the Obama administration is doing to understand and respond to the strategic implications of these countries' overtures to Nicaragua and to reassure our friends in the region, such as Costa Rica and Colombia, that we have particular concerns with Nicaragua's expanding military relationship with Russia.    The State Department's fiscal year 2017 budget requests included over $14 million for Nicaragua. Although I support providing assistance to promote U.S. interests, given the current landscape in Nicaragua, I am deeply skeptical as to the effectiveness of the administration's priorities and efforts in the country. After all, the situation looks very bleak ahead of the November elections.    If Ortega continues with his current activities, perhaps instead it is a time for the administration to consider a re-think of its constructive engagement policy toward Nicaragua. To that end, what has the current U.S. policy achieved? Is Nicaragua more or less democratic? To what degree has the administration's policy help dissuade Nicaragua from pursuing partnerships with countries like Iran and Russia that potentially threaten U.S. interest in the region? If things do not change before the election, I believe the State Department should very strongly consider sanctions denying Nicaragua the benefits of CAFTA-DR and work with the Treasury Department to vote against loans in the international lending institutions until the Government of Nicaragua takes steps to respect freedom, fair and open elections, democracy, and the rule of law.    So with that, I will turn to the ranking member for his opening statement.    Mr. Duncan. The Chairman will now recognize the former chairwoman of the full committee and now chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Africa and the Middle East--or Middle East and North Africa, I guess is what is called. Isn't that right?    Mr. Duncan. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you.    Mr. Duncan. And you got all that done in just 4 seconds over your time. Thanks for the comment on the beard. I don't know how long it will stay.    And we can all take a page out of your playbook for leadership on issues with regard to Latin American. So, thank you for that. Congratulations on passage of that.    Mr. Duncan. The Chair will now recognize Mr. Castro for an opening statement.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the member. No other member seeking recognition. We will go ahead and start the hearing.    Before I recognize the witnesses, there is a lighting system in front of you. Just try to adhere to 5 minutes. We are not really pressed today, other than members are trying to get out of town for their weekend, back in the District, campaigning, and other things. So, if we can just stay on time, that would be great.    Bios were provided to the members. So, I am not going to read the bios.    Welcome again. I think I know Mr. Gonzalez has been here before and I welcome the young lady. So, I am going to recognize you in order. Mr. Gonzalez, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Can you pull that microphone just a little bit closer? We are trying to record all of this for posterity.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Gonzalez.    Now, I will recognize the Honorable Marcela Escobari for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I thank both the witnesses and will step out of the norm here and recognize the ranking member first for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the ranking member.    I am now going to go ahead and recognize Mr. Yoho for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Chairman.    Now, we will go to Mr. Castro.    Mr. Duncan. We will take just a second.    Mr. Duncan. For the record, Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen was a great chairwoman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. She was very fair to me when I was a freshman member. So, I would do anything for her.    I let her catch her breath and the Chair recognizes----    Mr. Duncan. You are welcome. Anytime.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes. And I would like to start with the expulsion of three U.S. citizens in Nicaragua, Mr. Gonzalez.    On June 13th, three U.S. citizens traveling on openly cleared U.S. official government business were kicked out of Nicaragua. Such actions suggest flagrant disrespect by the Ortega Government for commonly accepted principles of government-to-government relations.    Given the erosion of democracy in Nicaragua, the clear contempt that Nicaragua has displayed in its government-to-government relationship with the U.S., is it appropriate to continue to reward Nicaragua with a virtually unrestricted access to U.S. markets that the nation receives under CAFTA?    Mr. Duncan. Given the fact that Nicaragua is one of the poorest countries in Central America, who do you think benefits the most from a free trade agreement with the United States, the United States or Nicaragua?    You don't need to answer that. I think Nicaragua does. You are a diplomat. I am a politician.    Nicaragua benefits from that access to the United States but we continue to see things like this happen and the United States goes right back in and continues to cozy up to these countries, when the countries have sort of thumbed their nose at the U.S. This has happened in Venezuela in the past. It is now happening here. And it is definitely happening in Cuba.    So, let me ask you this. I have got concerns with U.S. Ambassador Dogu's actions. So, on June 8th, the Nicaraguan Supreme Court stripped the opposition Independent Liberal Party from its recognized leader and Ortega's 2006 Presidential challenger, Eduardo Montealegre--I can't pronounce that. My Spanglish isn't that good. So, it put in the party under control of a government-allied leader.    On June 17th, the Supreme Court invalidated the leadership of the Citizen Action Party, the only remaining party with a legal standing to present a Presidential candidate. This also disqualified the Presidential candidate Luis Callejas and Ortega's main challenge for the November 6th election.    So, let's get rid of all of our political opponents, using the Supreme Court to do that. But then recently, U.S. Ambassador Laura Dogu paid a visit to Nicaragua's Supreme Court. She shouldn't have dignified them by visiting them. So, why did that visit take place?    Mr. Duncan. Let me just say this. I think if a country is a recipient of the money from the U.S. taxpayers for economic assistance and USAID and all of this, and we are trying to court or support democracy and free elections, and individual liberties, humanitarian rights, and those sort of things, these countries ought to, personally ought to be a little more friendly to the United States. And kicking out diplomats, and I don't know all of the details of that, but I disagree from what I know.    So, let me just ask one other question and then I will move on. The United States supports OAS. OAS supports democratic principles throughout the region. And you are not representing the OAS but I would ask your opinion on why the OAS hasn't been any stronger in its stance over what has gone on in Nicaragua with regard to the elections because the elections are the core of democracy.    So, why would you think the OAS hasn't been stronger in this instance? And we have seen the OAS really take not stringent enough positions against Venezuela. So, why wouldn't the OAS be stronger here?    Mr. Duncan. I didn't mean to put you in a predicament there talking about the OAS but when I read of the history of the OAS, I am pro-OAS. I know what it was founded for. I know what it is supposed to be doing with regard to democratic principles in the region but I think we are approaching at point, to use your term, we are approaching a point where the OAS is becoming less effective because they continue to kind of deviate or water down their traditional stances in those regards, with regard to Nicaragua, in this case, Venezuela.    So, I would say that if the OAS was sitting here. I think they need to go back, reread their founding documents, reread their charter and come to a meeting of the minds on what they exist for because this is a prime example, where they need to--it shows a little bit more outrage with regard to what the Supreme Court in Nicaragua has done and taking it even one step further, what Maduro is doing in Venezuela with not allowing a recall when the Constitution of Venezuela calls for that. And when you believe in those democratic constitutional principles, you have got to adhere to that and OAS says we are going to support the democratic principles. So, where is the outrage for those founding principles?    So, I am going to stop there. And I will now go to Mr. Castro, if he has got another round of questions.    Mr. Duncan. Great questions, Mr. Castro.    I will go to Mr. Yoho for 5 minutes or as much time as he needs.    Mr. Duncan. All right. This has been great. Do you have anything further?    I want to thank the panel. Nicaragua is not a country that, since I have been here 6 years, other than when Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen was active in my first term, have we really delved into this. But what we are seeing, as brought out today, is just some things that we may not agree with going on with free and fair elections, and humanitarian rights, and strong military changes, and whatnot down there.    So, we are going to continue focusing on it and I want to thank the service of our witnesses to our great Nation. And it is not lost on us, the sacrifices you make as well. So, thank you so much.    I want to thank the committee for all of their participation, not only on the hearing but also on the markup.    And without anything further, we will stand adjourned.