    Mr. Murphy. Thank you all. I will talk a little fast. See what I can get in.    This is for Mr. Selman or Mr. Newman, and thank you all for being here. Very informative panel.    Engineers who serve in some of these rural water systems in my district, for example, in Greene County in my southwestern Pennsylvania, very rural area, but they tell me that States oftentimes impose their own drinking water requirements which are far more strict than the EPA standards set forth in the Drinking Water Act.    Could you please provide some examples for me where some of these State-imposed requirements that you have seen in your community or communities go beyond or differ from the EPA standards?    Mr. Murphy. Same for you, Mr. Selman?    Mr. Murphy. And does anybody else see differences in their communities?    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Stewart?    Mr. Murphy. So, for example, in my Greene County area where they are dealing with things like small dam or water line extensions, not necessarily water quality, but that has to do with water delivery. Is that what you are saying is that----    Mr. Murphy. Well, what this gets into--well, let me come back to that.    So how much could the heightened standards cost rural drinking water systems, though, if we make some changes in here? Will it affect--I mean, I heard some of you alluding to cost issues here. Mr. Keegan, you talked about consulting an engineer and what those costs are. What does this vary for communities, rural communities? Anybody have any estimates here of that cost that you would bear?    Mr. Murphy. Anybody else have any thought about this?    Mr. Murphy. So the question I have, and I know you talked about some of these things, but how do rural systems get the funds they need to deal with this compliance issue? Any of you have any thoughts on this of what we do? I mean, I heard one comment, could the Federal Government send more money, and certainly where the Federal Government increases or changes standards, I sometimes think it is unfair to say: You now must do all these things, and you must bear the cost, but it comes down to a question, though, of what else--I mean, how are these costs borne oftentimes when you may have someone who lives a mile from the next person or a half mile from the next person and there is huge costs associated with this.    Anybody have any comments on how that should be set up?    Mr. Murphy. What kind of percentage increase would you say that was?    Mr. Murphy. Anybody else have any other thoughts other than put it on the ratepayers?    Mr. Murphy. And we have these grant systems. I know that some of my communities are asking for some changes in the way that the loans are established, rates, et cetera. Any comments on those?    Mr. Murphy. Can you elaborate on that cumbersomeness, what kind of hours and time that adds to your cost?    Mr. Murphy. So is it safe to say that simplifying paperwork and if you are going to be giving--required to have lots of paperwork to also provide some assistance in filling that out of some sort?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you so much.