    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for the distinguished panel being here today and testifying.    General, I think it was last year we got a report from Secretary of Defense Hagel indicating that our requirements for our nuclear capacity was 50 to 80 plutonium pits per year. Is that still the requirement?    General Klotz. That is the objective which we are working for as part of a comprehensive plutonium strategy.    Many, many years ago, when we had the facility at Rocky Flats in California, we had the ability to produce thousands of nuclear weapon pits each year. Of course, that was at the height of the Cold War, when our stockpile was much, much larger than it is today. That facility was shut down. We moved--or tried to demonstrate the ability to develop pits, manufacture pits, fabricate pits at Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico. And we are going through a sustained process of recreating the ability to produce a smaller number of pits per year, ultimately up to 50 to 80 per year, in order to support life extension programs that we see coming in the 2020 to 2030 timeframe as we move there.    Mr. Bridenstine. So is the administration's policy 50 to 80 pits?    General Klotz. That is what the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy have agreed to, the Nuclear Weapons Council, which passes judgment on these issues.    Mr. Bridenstine. In the fiscal year 2015 NDAA signed by the President, section 3112 included a sense of Congress that ``Timelines for creating certain capacities for production of plutonium pits and other nuclear weapons components must be driven by the requirements to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk, and not solely by the needs of life extension programs.''    Do you agree with that?    General Klotz. I agree with that.    Mr. Bridenstine. The administration has, since 2010, the 2010 Nuclear Posture Review, articulated a policy that it wants to develop a ``responsive nuclear infrastructure.''    Can you share with us what that means?    General Klotz. Well, in fact, sir, what we were just talking about is a good example of a responsive infrastructure. If you have the capability to fabricate pits, if you have the capability to fabricate other nuclear and non-nuclear components in a modern, efficient, and agile production system, then you can adjust what your requirements are to deal with any technical challenges that may arise through the aging of a particular warhead, or any significant changes in the political military environment.    Mr. Bridenstine. Do you believe we currently have a responsive nuclear posture?    General Klotz. We are pretty agile and we are pretty flexible, but we could be certainly more so.    Mr. Bridenstine. The life extension program for the W80 nuclear warhead for the long-range standoff cruise missile is accelerated by 2 years in this year's budget request, which is a good thing. It now aligns with NNSA's program with the statutory requirement in the fiscal year 2015 NDAA that you produce the first warhead in this program by 2025. Where does the W80 warhead and the larger LRSO missile rank in the Nuclear Weapons Council's priority list?    General Klotz. It is right up there. It is one of the life extension programs we are going with. I wouldn't rank it any higher or any lower. It is a top priority.    Mr. Bridenstine. Will it happen in fiscal year 2015? I guess, will you commit that in fiscal year 2015, fiscal year 2016 we will see movements for the next steps in this program?    General Klotz. We have already had some fairly significant movements in the W80, we call it the W80-4 life extension program , which will be the warhead that the Nuclear Weapons Council agreed would be the one we would field with the Air Force's long-range standoff capability. We are moving towards----    Mr. Bridenstine. What would be the impact if Congress significantly cut this program or canceled it altogether?    General Klotz. Well, that is a very good question, and thank you for asking it. I think it goes without saying that any significant cuts to this particular program, or a general sequestration across the board would adversely affect all of our programs in one way or the other.    Now, whether it would--if you had a general cut, we would have to engage in discussions with Department of Defense. As the chairman said in his opening statement, they essentially, you know, are the customers for what we deliver in the way of a warhead, so we would want to make sure that we were synced up with whatever adjustment they had to make for delivery systems. It would not make sense for us to deliver a warhead if there wasn't a delivery system ready for it and vice versa. So that would be something that we would have to work out collaboratively through the Nuclear Weapons Council process.    Mr. Bridenstine. Well, let's hope that doesn't happen.    I will yield back.