    Ms. Castor. Well, thank you Mr. Chairman and thanks everyone for being here today to talk about how we lift the American workers and American families. I think it is important to reflect that this country has made it through a very remarkable time. We have bounced back from the worst recession in our lifetimes thanks to American workers and a lot of the recovery act policies that invested in American families and small businesses. Just think about this, it was less than 10 years ago that people were losing their homes. They were losing their jobs.    The unemployment rate in Florida topped out at a little over 11 percent. We are already down at 4.7 percent in our unemployment rate in Florida where we have a real boom and bust cycle. It hit us particularly hard, but here all across the country the unemployment rate is down to 4.9 percent. We have more than cut the unemployment rate in half. We have created over 15 million private sector jobs just since 2010.    Then think about, did you ever think you would see gas prices at $2 a gallon for so long? I mean, in the Tampa Bay area I represent, we have been hovering at a little over $2 per gallon now for many months at the same time that we have been able to double our clean energy production.    The Affordable Care Act has been a godsend for working families, and in Florida we have a very competitive marketplace now with healthcare.gov. 1.7 million Floridians now have access to the health insurance that they did not have before because for too long a time we allowed companies to discriminate against people who had preexisting conditions like asthma or diabetes or a cancer diagnosis; 1.7 million Floridians. So, the uninsured rate now, we know is at its lowest level in the history of the country. And most people still have private insurance through their employer.    In Florida, 60 percent do, and their premiums and co-pays and cost increases are now at the lowest level that they have been in many years so that is good news. And, if you have been fortunate enough to have money in the stock market over the past decade you have done very well. The stock market has practically tripled.    But, we still have this problem with how we increase wages and income for families. The good news was the Census Bureau said last week real median household incomes grew by 5.2 percent over the last year. The number of people in poverty fell by 3.5 million. That was the largest one-year drop since 1968. But we have got to do so much more. We have got to build on this success.    And Dr. Spriggs, I love it that you say we have got to invest in the American people. We have got to invest in this country. And there are a couple of things that just really stick out. We have got to improve our infrastructure in this country. And I wonder if you could comment on that, Dr. Spriggs. I look back at home we have so many needs in our roadways, our water systems, our waste water systems. Interest rates are low. Would not this be a good time to invest in our communities back home and create jobs?    Ms. Castor. Well, my neighbors back home see this and they see those low interest rates and they understand this would be a great time to invest in our communities. And then the other thing I hear is that people are clamoring for more modern workplace policies. Family Medical Leave has been very popular, and it has sustained a lot of folks. But we have got to do more on sick leave, paid family and medical leave, and good childcare. How would that improve our----    Ms. Castor. Well, maybe you can reply back to the committee on that topic for workforce.