    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling this morning's hearing. The threats facing Israel and the challenges to reaching a two-state solution are growing every day, and I am glad the committee is focusing on this.    I want to thank all our witnesses, as well. Welcome to the Foreign Affairs Committee. We are grateful for your time and your expertise.    I especially want to welcome back former Congressman Robert Wexler, who spent many hours on this side of the dais on the Foreign Affairs Committee sitting next to me. It is good to have you back, Robert.    And thanks to our other witnesses, as well. Thank you for joining us.    Before I start with my statement, I want to offer my condolences to the family of Hallel Yaffa Ariel. She was the young Israel girl, 13 years old, who was stabbed to death in her own bedroom by a 17-year-old Palestinian boy. It is just hard to fathom, but that is what we end up with after years and years of incitement to violence.    The chairman and I have talked about this ad nauseam with the Palestinian leadership. Everyone will hear us. You cannot have incitement and expect to have peace. Young people in classrooms taught to hate a group of people regarded as less than human, this doesn't solve any problems. It is creates new ones, like this disgrace of this poor girl.    Of course, when the Palestinian leadership, whether it be the PLO or the Palestinian Authority, sends money to convicted terrorists and their families, it is no wonder that individuals are incentivized to commit acts of violence. This culture of incitement must end. It is absolutely outrageous to pay cold-blooded killers and call them martyrs. It is just disgraceful. At a time when U.S. money is going to the Palestinian Authority, for them to do this just makes you scratch your head. It is not acceptable, and it is not tolerable, and it won't be tolerated.    Of course, the culture of incitement needs to end because the loss of innocent life is unacceptable, and it must end because violence and terrorism will never lead to a two-state solution. I have repeatedly said to the Palestinians they will never achieve their state on the backs of terrorism--just plain and simple. I believe they are entitled to their state in a two-state solution, but they will never get it if they think terrorism is the way to go.    In my view, a two-state solution is the only way for Israel to remain both a Jewish state and a democracy, but right now a number of roadblocks are keeping that solution out of reach.    First, Israel faces threats on every border. Some of Israel's enemies possess incredibly sophisticated missile systems. Others are lone-wolf terrorists carrying forward the recent wave of violence we have seen. With this feeling of being under siege, the Israeli public's confidence in a peaceful solution continues to erode. What else would you expect? The idea of living side-by-side with their Arab neighbors seems like a remote possibility, and this is precisely what the violent extremists want.    At the same time, Israel faces mounting threats to its physical security. There is a growing effort to undermine Israel's legitimacy. The so-called BDS, Boycott Divestment and Sanctions, movement--shameful and disgraceful, in my opinion--pushes Israel to make unilateral concessions outside direct negotiations with the Palestinians. The BDS movement is totally at odds with a negotiated two-state solution, which, in my opinion, should remain our focus.    So how do we resume progress toward that goal? Frankly, I think gatherings like the Paris peace talks last month are an unhelpful distraction because neither the Israelis nor the Palestinians were involved. How can powers come together and think they will come up with a solution without the two parties at the table? It just doesn't make sense.    The only way to have peace and settle the Palestinian situation is face-to-face talks between Israelis and Palestinians. There can be no imposition of a peace plan from the outside. The U.N. is a farce. Israel cannot get a fair hearing at the U.N. Why should Israel submit itself to such things? Direct negotiations between the parties. And the Palestinians have to understand they have to make concessions.    I point out to people that, in the past couple of decades, there were two times that a two-state solution seemed like a possibility in terms of an agreement: Once in 2001 with Yasser Arafat and then in 2008 with Mahmoud Abbas. Ehud Barak was Prime Minister of Israel, and then Ehud Olmert was Prime Minister of Israel. The Israelis said, yes, they were willing to make painful concessions. And, at the end, ultimately, the Palestinians said no and backed out, because they talked about right of return and all kinds of other roadblocks.    If there were two states and there is a two-state solution, Palestinians get the right of return to the Palestinian state, not to the Israel state, not to the Jewish state. And if the Palestinians want peace, they certainly haven't demonstrated it, in my opinion, at all.    We know what the unresolved issues are: Borders, security, refugees, Jerusalem, and a mutual recognition of the end of the conflict. That would require the Palestinians to recognize Israel as a state for the Jewish people with equal rights for all its citizens, and I believe the Palestinians' refusal to do this is one of the main reasons there is no Palestinian state today.    We also know what the pitfalls are of resuming talks. Every time there is a new initiative, expectations soar, and each time the talks fall apart, things seem to crash a little harder. That outcome leads to violence. Extremists find a louder voice, and people on both sides suffer. And it is interesting, every time it seems like there might be some kind of an agreement, you have violent terrorism to try to destroy it, because the terrorists don't want peace. They want to keep the pot stirring.    Just look in Gaza, where Hamas has tightened its grip over the last decade. And let's remember that Hamas is a terrorist organization. Reconstruction is slowly progressing. Israel has expanded the fishing perimeter in the Mediterranean, granted thousands of work permits, and improved access to telecom technology. What has Hamas done? Rebuilt its terror tunnel network--and the chairman and I were there in those tunnels, and so we saw firsthand what Hamas builds--and periodically fire rockets and missiles into Israel, terrorizing innocent people, forcing them to run for their lives to the nearest shelter.    In this context, I want to voice my support for a new long-term memorandum of understanding, an MOU, between the U.S. and Israel. We want to stop this horrific violence, but as long as Israel faces these threats, we need to stand with them and help ensure their defense and security. I urge the administration to bend over backwards to negotiate an MOU with Israel that will let Israel keep its qualitative military edge and strengthen Israel against all these threats that it faces from terrorists.    So I will wrap up by saying there aren't any easy answers. And, to our witnesses, we are glad to have your voices in the mix. I look forward to your testimony. And, again, as the chairman said, I agree with what he said; it is just outrageous to pay cold-blooded killers who murder innocent civilians and call them martyrs. I cannot think of anything more disgusting.    So I look forward to the testimony of our witnesses, and I yield back.    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    We all know that the Palestinian Authority has not lived up to its promises, and we are talking about their incitement against Israelis and Jews. And we know that the disgusting spectacle of paying terrorists for crimes, for murders, calling them martyrs is something that really, really irks all of us.    But, on the other hand, you know, you look at President Abbas; he has just completed 11 years of his 4-year term. He threatens to quit all the time. I would like to hear anybody's response about if should we worry about a PA collapse. They are no prize package, but breathing down their neck is Hamas.    Is that something that we should be worried about, if the PA just totally collapsed? Could Hamas take over? Would the Israelis have something on their hands, that they really would not want to go in and retake the area? Any thoughts on the matter?    I have no regard for Abbas and what he has done, but what about the potential of the collapse of the PA? Anybody who would care to answer.    Mr. Wexler.    Mr. Engel. Thank you.    One of the things that is interesting in terms of the geopolitical movement of the Middle East is that, if you talk to heads of state, the Sunni Arab states sound very similar in their perspective of the Middle East to the Israeli leadership, to Netanyahu. And you will talk about Iran and other things, and you talk to the Sunni Arab states; it is the same thing.    When you speak with Israeli leadership, they will say there is no conflict with the Arab world. There is a conflict with the Palestinians. But the Arab world, the Sunni world, sees the situation today much like the Israeli Government. There is unprecedented cooperation going on behind the scenes between Israel and some of the countries that were long regarded as Israel's enemies.    So it is interesting, when you look at the Arab League putting forth a comprehensive proposal and a peace plan. There have been media reports recently that Prime Minister Netanyahu is open to discussing the Arab Peace Initiative as the basis for an accord. Israel rightly takes issue with several parts of the proposal, but that could potentially be worked out.    To what extent should the U.S. encourage this? Anybody else?    Mr. Pollock?    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.