    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and to my colleagues. This so-called SMARTER Act would make the Federal Trade Commission adhere to the same merger enforcement procedures as the Justice Department's Antitrust Division for proposed mergers, acquisitions, and other similar transactions. There are several reasons that lead me not to recommend this measure.    By weakening the Commission's independence this bill, in fact, undermines Congress' original intent in creating the Commission in the first place. For good reasons that are still relevant today, Congress established the Commission to be an independent administrative agency, and we must be mindful of these reasons as we consider arguments in favor of the SMARTER Act.    Even though the Justice Department's antitrust enforcement authority already existed at the time the Congress created the Commission in 1914, Congress established this agency in direct response to the Department's failure to enforce the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890, as well as the Act's perceived failure to stop the wave of mergers and corporate abuses that occurred during the 24 years following its enactment.    The Commission is an independent body of experts tasked with the developing antitrust law and policy free from political influence and particularly executive branch influence. Congress specifically gave the Commission broad administrative powers to investigate and enforce laws to stop unfair methods of competition, as well as the authority to use an administrative adjudication process to help it develop policy expertise rather than requiring the Commission to try cases before a generalist Federal judge.    Unfortunately, the SMARTER Act, rather than strengthening the Commission's authority, does the opposite.    A greater concern is the act's elimination of the administrative adjudication process for merger cases under Section 5(b) of the Federal Trade Commission Act. By doing so, the bill effectively transforms the Commission from an independent administrative agency into another enforcement agency indistinguishable, in fact, from the Justice Department.    The Commission's administrative authority is designed to serve its role as an independent administrative agency. Eliminating it, therefore, threatens the Commission's distinctive role and independence. Make no mistake, eliminating the Commission's administrative authority opens the door for ultimate elimination of the Commission's role in competition and antitrust enforcement and policy development.    You don't have to take my word for it alone. While supporting the bill's harmonization of preliminary injunction standards applicable to two antitrust enforcement agencies, the former Republican Commission Chairman has also publicly said that the rest of the SMARTER Act is ``rubbish.'' The former Chairman understood the ultimate effect of the SMARTER Act, and so do I, when he commented, let me put it this way, behind the rest of the SMARTER Act is the fundamental question of whether you want the Federal Trade Commission involved in competition law.    Similarly, Commission Chairwoman Ramirez observed last year that the bill would have far-reaching immediate effects and fundamentally alter the nature and function of the Commission, as well as the potential for significant unintended consequences.    So, finally, the SMARTER Act is problematic because it may apply to conduct well beyond large mergers, which could further curtail the Commission's effectiveness. In particular, the SMARTER Act would eliminate the Commission's authority to use administrative adjudications not just for the largest mergers, but for any ``proposed merger.''    It also removes such authority to review a joint venture or similar transaction. Moreover, the measure could be read to eliminate the use of administrative processes for already consummated acquisitions, joint ventures, and other types of transactions that are not mergers as currently drafted.    I recognize that the bill's authors have tried in good faith to respond to some of the concerns expressed by myself and by the Commission last year in response to an early draft of the SMARTER Act, and I appreciate these efforts. Moreover, I recognize that the Commission itself earlier this year changed its procedural rules to make it easier to end the use of administrative litigation where it loses a preliminary injunction proceeding in court.    My disagreement with the sponsors, however, is more fundamental, at least regarding whether the Commission should retain its administrative litigation authority at all in merger cases. This disagreement leads me to oppose the so-called SMARTER Act, even in its written form.    I thank the Chair and yield back my time.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank the witnesses for the discussion here.    There is a 1989 report on the role of the Federal Trade Commission. The American Bar Association's Antitrust Law Section recognized that merger enforcement was probably the FTC's most important antitrust role.    Mr. Foer, what is your response to that?    Mr. Conyers. Yes, the American Bar Association's Antitrust Law Section thought that the merger enforcement role was probably the FTC's most important activity as an antitrust provider.    Mr. Conyers. Mr. Lipsky, are you familiar with that?    Mr. Conyers. Yes.    Mr. Conyers. Let me ask this question, Mr. Foer, why might the SMARTER Act threaten to create a slippery slope to ending joint enforcement of antitrust law by both FTC and DOJ?    Mr. Conyers. Mr. Lipsky, am I reading too much into your comments to suggest that you might not feel too badly if we end the FTC's antitrust enforcement role?    Mr. Conyers. I am glad to hear that.    Back to Bert Foer again, why is it important for the FTC to retain its ability to use administrative adjudication in merger cases?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you very much.    And I thank the panel for their comments.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.