    Mr. Calio. Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. A4A commends this committee----    Mr. Calio. We got a wire problem. OK.    A4A commends this committee for the bipartisan manner in which it handles its business over the last 3 years. You repeatedly have shown that you can come together on complex issues and work together to address problems that impact the daily lives of the American people. We hope that that will be the case on this critical issue, as well, ultimately.    The committee has a historic choice. Are you going to vote to correct the shortcomings of the FAA that you have dissected in this room for years and years, or are you going to vote to continue to talk for another 30 years about the problem of a governance and funding structure that has not been working, is not now working, and will not work in the future?    A4A supports the AIRR Act, despite the fact that it has not had many things that we wanted, and has many things that we don't want, including the concern and the uncertainty of a board in which a super-majority of members are not airline. However, we do believe that this bill, if enacted, will make our air traffic control operation even better and safer than it is today.    We support the creation of a federally chartered nonprofit--and I stress ``nonprofit,'' it is not privatized, most people who use that word want to get you to be against it--enterprise to run the air traffic control system, because it would separate the air traffic organization from the safety regulator, and it would put the FAA in a position to do what it does best, and the Government, which is regulate safety, not run a high-tech, 24/7 service business, which is what the air traffic control operation is.    The reasons for change have been laid out before this in other committees and Congresses for over 30 years, as has been pointed out. You have held scores of hearings, hundreds of roundtables, multiple listening sessions, and directed the Office of Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office to study why the FAA has such troubles in procurement and delivering on technology.    Those studies, as well as studies by at least four presidentially appointed, nonpartisan Commissions, the National Academy of Sciences, and scores of independent private aviation experts, have all pointed to the problems that the FAA has in keeping us at the forefront of modern aviation and innovation.    It is all right here--I should say it is not all right here.    These are the studies that have been done and reported since 2005, not going back 20 years or 30 years. I couldn't bring that stack because it was taller than I am. But I brought these for a reason. They are hard to ignore. The facts are all here, and they have been discussed and discussed. And while we have been talking and talking and analyzing and debating, other developed countries have moved forward.    This bill is not proposing a radical change. Quite the contrary. It would simply put us in line with the international best practices norm that is found in over 60 developed countries who have done similar things, and since 1987. In essence, those 60 countries have done pilot programs for us. We can take best practices and lessons learned from them and apply them here. And international best practices, again, dictate the separation of the safety function from the operation of the system. Look at the other modes of transportation within the DOT. They are not like the FAA. They don't control both, it is one or the other.    More legislation, more direction, yearly appropriations--FAA authorization bills are not going to correct the problem. That has been tried for years, and it has failed. We can't simply keep rearranging the deck chairs. The DOT inspector general's report that came out in January references this. It points out that Congress has enacted legislation multiple times to try to make the FAA a performance-based organization that can deliver on the technology. It found that it really can't.    As a result, the FAA has completed multiple reorganizations. Nothing is happening. Air traffic productivity has declined, despite a greater budget. Any of the opponents of this bill who tell you differently are either not recognizing the facts, or are distorting them.    For example, some of the detractors will tell you that NextGen is getting much better, and point to the on-time performance by airlines. We would point out that, you know, block time, which is gate-to-gate flight time, is how you measure whether a flight is on time. Most, if not all of you, have flown from Washington to LaGuardia. That flight 20 years ago, when Washington and New York were the same distance apart they are now--at least to my knowledge--was blocked for 56 minutes. Now it is blocked for 80 minutes. And that is so that flights can be on time to take care of congestion and some other issues.    Safety I am just going to mention very quickly, and then I will conclude, Mr. Chairman. International experience and best practices have shown that safety can be maintained or made better by doing what is proposed here today. The FAA itself commissioned a study by the MITRE Corporation. That study looked at six other ANSPs across the world, many with complex airspace like the United States. It found that in every case safety was maintained and, in many cases, made better. It also found that in every single one of those cases, both the safety regulator and the operator of the system increased their focus on safety. When interviewed, all of the parties involved on both sides said they wouldn't return to the old system.    We have the opportunity here--you have the opportunity here to make a really good system that much better, cutting edge, and put us back at the forefront, where we belong in modern aviation. This is not a Democratic issue, it is not a Republican issue. It is a policy whose time has come to make our system better. Thank you.    Mr. Calio. I am not going to do a yes or no----    Mr. Calio. That doesn't show anything, Mr. DeFazio.    Mr. Calio. No.    Mr. Calio. No, it is not possible.    Mr. Calio. No. Under Federal regulations, it is not.    Mr. Calio. For remote areas? Yes.    Mr. Calio. No.    Mr. Calio. To be honest, they came so fast I can't remember which one it was.    Mr. Calio. Yes, Mr. Mica, it is.    Mr. Calio. Seventy-seven percent.    Mr. Calio. It is true that the--there was a reimbursement. It was about $1 billion in the U.K., $1.4 billion in Canada. I would point out, Mr. Nadler, that the airlines aren't going to run this new entity. It is going to be a variety----    Mr. Calio. I don't believe that is true. I----    Mr. Calio. I think it is the beginning of the process, and that could be determined down the line. I think you would have to look----    Mr. Calio. No. Airline passengers----    Mr. Calio . Will pay for----    Mr. Calio. In many different ways. First of all, it would provide more direct routes, so you get there quicker and faster. You could reduce those block times that we talked about. People would have a better idea, less time spent at the airport. It would be a far more efficient flight, and--which would reduce emissions. It would allow us to fly probably more routes than we have now, and more choice of routes down the line, if you get the system in place.    Right now we are hamstrung by the system we have. Again, well documented both here and by this committee in many different cases. I agree with you, the time to act is now, and I would also say that, you know, we got right out in front of this issue.    And I would like to make one thing clear. We have said before this committee, the Senate Commerce Committee, publicly and privately, in terms of how this system operates, as Congressman Mica was pointing out, we do pay more than our fair share right now. And my members said--and we, again, have said this all over the place--we will continue to do that.    We told Mr. Bolen's people, you know, we don't care about what you pay. And, you know, I would like to correct--Mr. Bolen says they pay 8.5 percent. He is including commercial activity in that. It is not--what his members pay is not quite that. So, long story short, we will pay--we will continue to pay. Paying is worth it, if we get a better system, arming Mr. Rinaldi's controllers and getting more controllers to do the job that should be easier than it is for them.    Mr. Calio. The FAA will still have control over routes and procedures. You would call the FAA. You could--also can call the EPA, because NEPA stays in place.    Mr. Calio. Excuse me. That is just not true. First of all, you could go--a consumer or someone aggrieved about noise could go to the FAA and through--to the Environmental Protection Agency. The NEPA protections stay in place, they don't disappear. That is what currently exists under the system.    Mr. Calio. Sure. Chairmen Shuster and LoBiondo's proposal would focus the oversight of the Congress and the FAA on the--on safety, which is where it belongs. That is what we do best, is what the Government does best, is regulate safety. That would put oversight of the flying public and the airspace in the same position as all the other modes of transportation that are underneath this committee.    If you look at the NTSB as an example, the Federal Railroad Administration, this committee has oversight there, as do other committees, but not over the operator of the system. You know, and that, again, is international best practice. Over 60 countries, developed countries, have that kind of system in place where you separate the air traffic operation from the safety regulator. And it is done because there is considered to be an inherent conflict of interest in keeping the two in the same place.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Could this--I am sorry, last question--could this Corporation sell the assets if they are--under this legislation, could they sell the assets and profit from that? Anyone have a--Mr. Poole?    Mr. Calio. Can I make one point about these assets we keep talking about? They are mostly antiquated or don't work, and they have significant liabilities attached to them. So this is not a zero-sum game.    Mr. Calio. Mr. Sires, as I said earlier, the avenue would still be to go to the FAA first, and to the Environmental Protection Agency, because the NEPA provisions stay in place.    Additionally, I would point out that, you know, there are noise problems across the country, and we, the airlines, are very sensitive to those. And we will try to work closely with the FAA, and sometimes we actually take the lead in trying to resolve these problems, because it is not in our interest to have a lot of unhappy people.    Mr. Calio. Well, to many people, two general aviation seems like an awful lot, given the use of the airspace, and who pays what for the airspace, and the number of people flying. We do 27,000 flights and 2 million people a day, and 50,000 tons of cargo a day. And, you know, frankly, we thought we should have more seats.    And I do not agree with Mr. Bolen's notion that there is going to be some kind of conspiracy between the pilots, the air traffic controllers, and the airlines. I mean if we want to talk about that, maybe we should move this debate down to Dealey Plaza and talk about that way in the future. You know, it----    Mr. Calio. Four seats is less than representational of the use of the airspace and the contribution to the----    Mr. Calio. No, a day.    Mr. Calio. Day.    Mr. Calio. There are seats for the public interest. And I would also say this is the beginning of a process, and it is a time to talk about----    Mr. Calio. I think we represent the most people who fly.    Mr. Calio. Are you saying----    Mr. Calio. I am a little sensitive.    Mr. Calio. Privileged information.    Mr. Calio. Not as tall--I found out recently not as tall as I used to be.    Mr. Calio. The airlines know that.    Mr. Calio. The way it works today, there are a limited number of slots for GA going into Teterboro. That is why they get diverted elsewhere. I don't believe that would change.    And, you know, Mr. Rokita, I have to say this notion of this board going outside of its authority--the legislation is very clear. GA is exempt, except for those who are already part 135----    Mr. Calio. We all keep repeating it, and it is true, we have the safest system in the world. We believe we can have an even better system with the reforms that are proposed in this bill.    Right now we are hamstrung by a system that takes years and years to have good products that could make us even safer get to market. If you look at some of these reports--and the easiest one for you to look at would be what came out in January from the inspector general--and talk about the number of acquisitions that are online, the number of projects that are online, how far over time they are, how much over budget they are, and it shouldn't really take that long.    And, you know, we are not trying to throw Canada in anybody's face, but they are bringing products on the market that they are selling all over the world to other air navigation service providers in 0 to 30 months. We have some things that have been online for 14 years. By the time a lot of our products come in, they are already outdated.    The FAA, as currently structured outside of the safety regulation, cannot in any fashion keep pace with the--with technology. They are too far behind. Mr. Poole has laid out the reasons why. With all that together, and with the FAA being able to focus--and the Government being able to focus on safety, which is where they should be focusing, it would improve.    And again, I would point to the MITRE study, which took six air navigation service providers around the world, at the request of the FAA, and found that in each case safety was maintained or got better, and that the focus on safety by both the regulator and the operators increased.    Mr. Calio. Anything that affects the air traffic controllers and operations affects the airlines, and being able to get your constituents from one place to another.    I think it is interesting to note that, over time, Nav Canada hired more air traffic controllers than they started with. We believe that could happen here, and it should. Mr. Rinaldi can talk to it much better than I can, about how long it takes to get an air traffic controller online. And they are understaffed.    Mr. Calio. Yes. We can make our system a lot better. The way the FAA currently operates, we have thrown--you have thrown billions and billions of dollars at the FAA, and it has not been well spent. And it could be better spent for good products and good acquisitions, better facilities that would make air travel much better, even safer than it is now, and would provide the opportunity for more commerce than we have now.    In addition to that, you wouldn't be faced with an uncertain funding source. The users of the system, except for certain users of the system, would pay for that, and you would have a much better way to provide people in and out of the system.    Mr. Calio. I absolutely would. We could replace the current FAA, outside of the safety regulator, with a construct, with an entity that would be far more efficient.    The FAA, you can count--I don't want to misspeak--there are multiple facilities across the country, multiple centers across the country. They each have an HR department, they have their own accounting department. You could keep going down the list. And, you know, they build up these silos that make it very difficult to get anything done.    So if you want to change that, you have to address it. You know, you don't keep holding more and more hearings and try to push the deck chairs around, which is what we have done. And all of these different reports tell you that it just doesn't work. You know? You all have tried, you know, through oversight, through mandates in bills to get things done.    And the culture is resistant, as Mr. Poole pointed out, and they just don't make the progress that we need to have made to get products online, to have better procedures, better processes, and get--you know, for instance--again, I hate to keep going back to it--I don't hate to--you know, more controllers online.    Mr. Calio. They run the system.    Mr. Calio. Mr. Carson, safety is our highest priority. We support the section of the underlying bill that calls for a full assessment of the safety of the cockpit. There are multiple layers of security in place today. Some of our members have installed secondary barriers. Others think that the current security procedures in place and multiple levels of security are sufficient. And, rather than just jump to a mandate, as is often the case, I think we ought to let the underlying bill work its will and see--and make the assessment.