    Mr. Dickert. Mr. Chairman, good morning, and committee members, good morning. Ranking Member Napolitano, good morning, and all of you watching in TV land, good morning.    I am Mayor John Dickert, mayor of Racine, Wisconsin. We are a city between Milwaukee and Chicago on Lake Michigan, about 80,000 folks.    I sit as the vice chair of the Metro Economies Committee with the U.S. Conference of Mayors and also serve on their Mayors Water Council. I was the past chair of the binational Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative, and I serve on Governor Walker's Coastal Management Commission, and was president of the Urban Alliance in Wisconsin.    What does this all mean? It means I am a little familiar with water. I am here to testify for the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative, and I ask that the testimony be inserted in the record.    We did have the best tasting water in 2011. Our Blue Wave Beach has been consistent for 12 years, and USA Today and NRDC rated us as one of the top beaches in the world. So to say the least, we are committed to water.    We have put our focus on it, and the importance of the Great Lakes obviously cannot be overstated. As we saw with Toledo, 20 years ago they were actually rated as the best tasting water in America.    We just recently had a meeting with them and Mayor Rahm Emanuel, which we held in Chicago because of the problems that they had in shutting down water to 500,000 people. When you don't pay attention to the problems, obviously we can have dramatic effects.    We are obviously seeing that 20 percent of the freshwater in the world is from the Great Lakes, and the Conference of Mayors did a study where only 35 percent of the mayors that responded knew where their water was coming from in 2020. That is a sad fact, but the mayors, we spend a lot of money on our infrastructure and our water. In 2012, we spent $111 billion on our infrastructure to provide those two. Congress, thankfully, spent $2 billion. So we thank you for that.    We recognize the importance of infrastructure when 94 percent of the withdrawals that we are taking are for food, food production, drinking water and energy. That is why GLRI is so incredibly important. You know when you look at nearly 2,700 projects have been done since this started, this is incredible, and I have got to tell you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, thank you for doing this. Thank you for holding this meeting and talking about this. It is important to us.    The Conference obviously supports this. We ask and pray that you break down the silos within the agencies so we can all work together. We have been doing that. We have been officially and effectively using your taxpayer dollars because we know how vital every one of those dollars is.    Closer to home in Racine, we have used GLRI money in a blending of three projects, one to take a beachfront that was so polluted you could not even walk on it it smelled so bad, and turning that beach around making it available to handicapped and seniors. We then blended it with a road project where we took the road and took the runoff into an environmentally friendly, sensitive cleaning, and then cleaned out our harbor and worked with pervious pavement to provide an opening for the largest inland fishing tournament in the world.    We do this blending because we know the dollars are important. We do it because we get peak efficiencies and cost savings by blending all of this together, and I will tell you GLRI has been consistently used to leverage multiple partners in funding because we have redeveloped areas that would have never been redeveloped without these funds.    We rebuild our cities, and we do them efficiently and effectively. We are the ground game that you are talking about. When you are asking who is doing all of the work, well, we are the ones, and we are here because we know the dollars are precious.    Mayors have been responsible to protect the public health and safety of our citizens. That is our job. That is what we do. So we are prepared to break down the silos, work with you, create that efficiency and effectiveness, but also that flexibility.    There is a Native American saying that I wanted to end with and maybe touch on two other points if we have a second, which is that we do not inherit the land from our ancestors. We borrow it from our children. So we ask you to work with us so that we can create a future for our children that is an amazing one.    With your permission, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, I would just like to say I know you have talked about brownfields in the past, and you have had testimony on it, and I will tell you that in cities like ours that are industrial, we would not be able to rebuild our cities and create new growth and a new economy without it.    So I have leveraged the brownfields funding in my city for a potential of up to $200 million in growth over the last 5 years.    The last thing is that I know that you are looking at authorization of this, as mentioned earlier. I hope you do do that.    The last piece is that I know that the appropriations language and the EPA section 428 of Senate bill 1645 is regarding discharges, and I will simply leave it at this because my time is over. We can control discharges about as well as we can control weather, and because of that we simply cannot prepare for all of it.    So we are doing our best, and we look forward to that conversation, but I hope you will consider that language carefully.    Mr. Dickert. Well, first of all, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, we have had a great coordination with EPA region 5. We do not as mayors, at least I do not and most of the mayors that I know, we do not go out and just ask for money willy-nilly and just say we want to take all the money without project coordination and dramatic results.    So the first thing is we work with the EPA and on the problem areas that we see for the end game, and that end game is usually not only cleaning up the environment, but providing that economic benefit as it moves forward, whether it's helping as business development or overall quality of life issues for your cities.    The coordination that can go on top of that is the additional coordination with the State, and when you have got all three of those players playing in the same sandbox, you have got some really good things going on. So they can coordinate their money for efficiency and effectiveness with the cities and the counties and the Federal Government. It is the perfect answer.    The issue that we deal with, candidly, is the silos within the Federal Government that there is no flexibility and that limits sometimes even the money that you can go after because it does not fit perfectly into a box.    Mr. Dickert. Grants and prioritization, correct.    Mr. Dickert. If I may, yes, and the reason why is simply when we are working at the local level, it is all about consistency, and if you know, for instance, if you have a developer coming into a city like ours where you have just done a brownfield redevelopment and that person, that investor knows that they are coming in, but they are going to need some additional EPA work to make that happen, to create that better riverfront or lakefront, then if there is a consistency in the program, you know that if you do not get it in the first year, you can still apply the next year and still try to work through those to make those blend together.    If there is no consistency, then you do not know if that money is there. Then you are always battling back and forth to see if the project is actually going to happen.    So for us at the local level, it is purely the consistency knowing that the opportunity is there. It allows us to do longer planning, create more efficiency and make our projects more effective.    Mr. Dickert. Oh, all too well.    Mr. Dickert. Yes, yes.    Mr. Dickert. Right. And candidly, the unfunded mandates that come down and sometimes the consent decrees that come down, we are already at the local level working on. We may not have met necessarily the goal, but I rarely know a mayor who simply sits back and says, ``Ah, whatever happens happens.''    We are trying to work ahead of everything so that we do not have to worry about it. So any time that we can get the effort working together, it is great. It is dealing with the consent decrees and the mandates. I always tell everybody it is always better to work together.    Mr. Dickert. Absolutely.    Mr. Dickert. Yes, absolutely.    Mr. Dickert. Sure, and thank you, Mr. Ribble. It is great to see you again, Congressman Ribble.    When you come down with Senator Kirk's proposal I believe you are talking about, when you come down with a proposal that says that you have to eliminate all overflows, there is no system, and you can ask the city of Houston because I was talking with our mayor the week that they had their storm flooding; there is no system in America that is designed for the complexities of the weather that we are having right now.    If we get 7 inches of rain in Milwaukee, 28 hours later it will be in Racine, and we will be flooding, and there is nothing that we can do about it because it is a 500-year event.    So what we are talking about is we are all working, and we talked about this earlier. I think Congresswoman Norton brought it up. We are all working at creating methods and systems that capture stormwater, hold it, clean it, allow it to filter through the ground, all working to try to prevent those big 500-year events, but it is impossible to do that.    There is no way Houston could have prepared for what happened with their storm that they had. They were 3 feet under water. So to simply say that we all have to get to that level, by the time we get to that level and that 500-year flood happens, we are probably going to have to have an overflow at that time.    So what we ask is that we are already working as a city. We do not have combined sewers. So we are already working as a city to prevent all of that. We are putting in 2-million-gallon storage tanks. We are doing all of the work environmentally. To simply say that we have to do that, that will cost the city of Racine $700 million for 80,000 people. Sixty-five billion dollars, I think, is the pricetag for the country for the Great Lakes region.    It simply is unaffordable. So what I would ask is that we work together in advance with these communities to find those best practices and work through those.    Milwaukee is a perfect example. MMSD is working to do different stormwater systems with their combined sewer to make sure that that stormwater never even makes it into the system. So we are trying to do that.    When you look at Green Bay, 1.4 percent of the Lake Michigan water, 30 percent of the nutrient load into that areas. You know, there are problems that we are all trying to work through. We ask that you focus on the big problems and work with those folks, like Mayor Jim Schmitt in Green Bay, and try to help them out.    We are trying to do our own at the local level to prevent this from coming in the first place, but I will tell you when a 500-year flood hits, you pray. You pray hard because there is not a heck of a lot else you can do besides that.    Mr. Dickert. Right.    Mr. Dickert. Absolutely. We do, and we work through a series of best practices within the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the Great Lakes groups to do that. We have actually gone above and beyond that.    That project that I talked about earlier where we have the boat ramp, the harbor and the road, all of those were done with environmental sensibility to not only do porous pavement, but to then take stormwater management and manage it through the process of plants and things like that to preprocess the water.    We have the system that you talked about earlier where the stormwater comes off and it goes through five tiers of environmental purifying before it even gets to the lake. We do all of that.    The thing that we are doing on top of that because as mayors we have to stay efficient and then we have to continue to be efficient. We actually go to a road system where once we do stormwater and water and you put the cement on top of the road, utilities have the right to cut that road up the next day. We actually work now with our roads where we bring everybody in ahead of time, all the utilities, including water and stormwater, so that when we do a road, all those five layers are done so that when that cement cap goes on top, that road is not going to be touched for 20 years.    Those types of processes in long-term planning, to the issues, Mr. Chairman, that you brought up earlier about whether those funds and Congresswoman Napolitano talked about whether that consistency of those funds are there; that allows us to plan all of that out so that we can create all of that efficiency so we can hold back all of those items.    So we do that every day. The best practices we get from our colleagues. Mayor Daley said that, you know, the one thing you do as a mayor is steal, and I said as a Catholic that is tough for me, but we do. We steal each other's ideas and we blend them into what we are doing.    Mr. Dickert. Thank you.    And if I may, Mr. Chairman, not just in the ordinances, but in the bidding. Your bidding has to include that as well.    Thank you.    Mr. Dickert. Yes.    Mr. Dickert. Congressman Ryan.    Mr. Dickert. Congressman Paul Ryan. You might know him.    Mr. Dickert. He is a good looking, tall guy. You should get to know him.    Mr. Dickert. I hope to see him in a little bit. I will remind him.    Mr. Dickert. Well, first of all, I think P3s are imperative. We use them on a regular basis because the fact is many of these companies, large and small, have the expertise that you need.    If there is one thing you learn early as a mayor, there is no book on how to do the job. So you have to go out and find the organizations, the companies that actually can provide the work, especially when you are in emergency modes to finish and help you with these.    I think P3s are not only imperative, but I think it is part of everything that we do. How can we encourage that and move it forward? I still think that the blending of the local governments, the State priorities and the Federal priorities should be matched up a little bit more. I think that we can get better leverage.    The other thing I would suggest is that--and I think the EPA has allowed for this already. Regionalization of project planning, so in other words, if you have two or three municipalities in the same area and especially in the Maumee Valley in Ohio, looking at solving that bigger, very complex situation, allowing projects to be worked together by one company, if there is one company that is very good at what they are doing, allow them to work on three projects at the same time to help blend the efficiencies and savings of that effort.    So those are a couple of things that I would suggest.    Mr. Dickert. We would love that.