    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Just a little change of pace here. So Mr. Chairman, thank you. I am a cosponsor, a proud cosponsor of both resolutions. I thank the authors.    And first, I want to just say in terms of House Resolution 348, that I found our trip to Ukraine was very enlightening, and really highlighted the necessity for the free and fair elections in order for Ukraine to regain its civility.    As to House Resolution 354, and Mr. Smith, I do thank you again for that, and I do want to make a few remarks. Because I want to add my concern for the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. The rise of anti-Semitic incidents throughout Europe in recent years is deeply troubling. In the past 2 years, terrorists have murdered Jews in the capital cities of Belgium, Denmark, and France. Jews and Jewish institutions, synagogues, and schools across Europe have suffered numerous violent attacks.    As a result of this threatening environment, according to polls done by the ADL and other reputable organizations, more than 40 percent of Jews in Belgium, France, and Hungary are considering emigration. Journalists, scholars, and politicians are debating whether there can be a future for the Jewish community in Europe, where Jews are afraid to attend events in holy sites, and where again, according to ADL, 20 percent of European Jews have experienced at least one incident of anti-Semitic physical attack or harassment.    Fortunately, educated observers believe that today's events in Europe are not analogous to the 1930s Germany. Then, the hatred, the persecution and extermination of Jews was state-sponsored. In contrast, today's leaders across Europe are working to stem the tide of anti-Semitism, and key European leaders have spoken out against anti-Semitism and have taken concrete actions to fight it.    With that said, however, I agree with those who believe that this is a defining moment for Europe. Our European partners' and allies' ability to confront anti-Semitism will ultimately impact the very essence of the character of their nations. And as the French prime minister stated, if Jews flee in large numbers, the soul of the French Republic is at risk. France will no longer be France.    And that is one of the reasons, of course, why House Resolution 354 is so important. We must support European governments, law enforcement agencies, and other entities to bolster Jewish security and preparedness, tighten communications with Jewish communities, and combat violent extremism broadly with counterradicalization and education.    And ultimately, helping Europe stem the rising tide of anti-Semitism means helping European nations to fulfill the principles of democracy, human dignity, openness, and pluralism, and the noble principals upon which these nations were founded. I yield back.