    Mr. Kontorovich. Thank you, Chairman King, Ranking Member Cohen, Ranking Member of the Committee Conyers and honorable Members of Committee. It is a great pleasure to be here today to discuss these matters with you.    I'll state one thing for the record: I have the pleasure to say we are now the Northwestern Pritzker School of Law. And our generous donor would be happy to hear me say that, I hope. So the executive, nobody would dispute, has vast discretion in foreign affairs, discretion imparted both by the Constitution, which gives the executive a primary role in the conduct of foreign affairs because of the greater capacity of a single individual to enter into negotiations and conduct dealings with foreign countries and also because Congress on top of that already broad discretion, has given the executive vast leeway through statutes that allow for waivers and many other delegations of broad authority.    However, Congress also has constitutional powers, core Article I powers, including the foreign commerce power, spending power, which can greatly affect foreign affairs. And when these powers are exercised in the realm of foreign affairs, they are no less valid and no less plenipotentiary because they involve diplomacy or matters involving other countries.    Now, indeed, because the executive's powers in foreign affairs are so broad, it is hard for the executive to overreach. It's hard. But that makes it all the more amazing and all the more worrisome when the executive does indeed overreach. Because when one has vast power, claiming even more is even more problematic.    I'm going to briefly mention two examples, two recent examples, of what I see as such overreach, involving two core Article I powers of Congress: the foreign commerce power, involving the Iran Sanctions Act, and the spending power, involving funding to certain United Nations agencies.    As Chairman Goodlatte mentioned, the Iran Sanctions Review Act requires that the President transmit, as a condition for the sanctions relief that the act enables, that the President transmit the entire agreement. The language of this provision in the Iran Review Act is extraordinarily vast, and it looks like it was written by teams of redundant lawyers. And it bears quoting again: ``these agreements include appendices, annexes, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, documents''--that's one broad category; the question is, is this a ``document?''--``guidance, technical or other understandings,'' and lots of other stuff.    The question is, are the relevant materials involving arrangements between the International Atomic Energy Agency and Iran, for inspection and review of their nuclear program, is that a document, material, codicil, and so forth, under the deal? And it seems quite clear that it is. It's actually mentioned and incorporated by reference in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action itself, and as such, it must be transmitted to Congress for the review period under the act to begin.    If that review period does not begin, sanctions cannot be lifted. It is true, as Ranking Member Conyers pointed out, that prior statutory sanctions had waiver provisions. But just as Congress can allow the President to waive, it can cabin and take back that waiver authority, which is exactly what happened in the Iran Nuclear Sanctions Review Act. As a result, the current lifting of some sanctions is legally problematic, and even more troubling is the executive's apparent desire to leverage this to now intimidate states into abandoning their lawful sanctions, which, again, the Iran Nuclear Review Act would prohibit.    Now, a separate law involves Congress' exercise of its spending power. Congress can, through the power of the purse, deal with any subject involving diplomacy, involving war, as the Chairman mentioned. And Congress provided that when U.N. agencies try to take sides in the Middle East conflict and improperly admit the Palestinian Authority as a member state, despite it not meeting the international criteria for statehood, those agencies can't be funded by the U.S. taxpayer. That law is quite clear, and it applies to any U.N.-affiliated agency.    One such agency, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Control, has accepted the Palestinians as members. The clear effect must be that they cannot receive taxpayer funding. The Executive seems to take the position that he will nonetheless send a check to this agency on the theory that the framework convention is a treaty. It's true it is a treaty, but it is also an agency created by that treaty. I think the best proof of that is that a treaty can't deposit a check. Only a U.N. agency can deposit a check. I presume the money from the Treasury isn't being sent to the treaty. It is being sent to the U.N. agency, and that's exactly what the law prohibits.    Thank you. And I would refer the Committee to my written testimony for further elaboration.    Mr. Kontorovich. I think principle is the long-term solution for Congress.    Mr. Kontorovich. They are going to be in the same shoes again. And the important reason to take a stand--in all of these cases, when you are going to be defunding something, it is going to hurt. It is going to hurt someone. It is going to run afore some policy imperatives. But if Congress is unwilling to use this tool, it really can't expect the President to heed their wishes. Indeed, as we see with the continued funding of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Control, sometimes even defunding isn't enough to get something defunded. Sometimes even a no-funds provision is going to be ignored. So what I would advise is that Congress needs to keep in mind that its legislation in the end is going to be interpreted by the President, usually in a nonjusticiable context. The President will effectively be interpreting legislation designed to bind him. And so Congress, if anything, overdo it in the direction of constraining the President, because don't worry; the President won't be overconstrained. The President will loosen whatever shackles are on him until he has comfortable room to maneuver.    Mr. Kontorovich. So to speak generally across the different contexts we have considered, a statute would have fewer wiggle words, be more direct, and go in the direction of overbreadth. Congress, when it's legislating in the area of foreign affairs, is very conscious, self-consciously avoiding restraining the executive in ways which will be awkward for him or which will impair our diplomacy. And that is a salutary desire, except one has to remember that whatever Congress does, the executive is also going to interpret it more in line with his foreign policy objectives. And the executive will have the last word, so I would use broader, clearer language. For, for example----    Mr. Kontorovich. Yes, that's exactly right. So, for example, instead of saying ``U.N.-affiliated agencies,'' I would say ``U.N. agencies.'' Take out of word ``affiliated.'' Each word is going to be used by the executive as an excuse for not implementing the policy of the Congress as legislated.    Fewer waivers would also be desirable, but most importantly, Congress needs to back its legislation. Because in the examples I gave, Congress did, in fact, have very broad language, for example, about the required transmittal of documents under INARA. Congress has pretty clear defunding provisions regarding U.N. agencies and the Palestinian Authority. The question is, is Congress going to get angry about it when it doesn't happen? The question of funding the U.N. agencies and whether this is a U.N. affiliate agency or whether it is a U.N. treaty agency is somewhat reminiscent I might say, to broaden the partisan context here, of the Boland amendment and the question of whether the National Security Council was a U.S. intelligence agency for purposes of laws restricting funds to the contras.    Now when Congress considered that its directives were violated by the President, that the President spent money without their authorization using statutory interpretation, Congress didn't just say: Well, that's--what are we going to do.    Mr. Kontorovich. That was Ronald Reagan.    Mr. Kontorovich. So I thought you would appreciate the broadening of the partisan context, sir. But I would remind you Congress' reaction. Congress didn't say: Well, it's the President; it's foreign relations.    It was a massive national question.    Mr. Kontorovich. The hearings about the funding to the contras I think were much more extensive than the hearings about the funding for the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Control, though the amount of money in question was not too different.    Mr. Kontorovich. My friend and teacher Jack Goldsmith wrote that blog post before he read my testimony and the full presentation of my arguments.    Mr. Kontorovich. Yes, indeed. So he read part of the material in the testimony but not the fully elaborated argument.    Again, I think it's important to point out, INARA does not require the President to transmit any deal. It's not a violation of INARA for the President to not transmit material. The President can say: This material is sensitive; I don't want to give it over. That is entirely consistent with INARA.    However, the consequence of that under INARA is that the sanctions, existing statutory sanctions, can't be lifted. It's not a violation. It just has consequences in terms of statutory sanctions. There is nothing unconstitutional about the President not transmitting this material. The problem is that the President wants to act as if the material were transmitted when, in fact, it was not. And I would refer the Honorable Members to the various statements of congressional intent made during the discussions of INARA, where it was quite clear that Members understood they wanted to see everything to exercise their constitutional right to review the agreement.    Mr. Kontorovich. Yeah. I'm not as well read in the Paris deal, but I do not believe the Iran deal creates binding legal obligations for the United States, which is going to be extremely important when the Administration argues that State laws must be preempted because of the deal, which is not something that can happen if it does not create binding legal obligations for the United States.    Mr. Kontorovich. It is exactly because Congress delegated such broad discretion to the President that limitations on that discretion, subsequent walk-backs of that discretion, and ways of monitoring that which INARA embodies need to be strictly construed.    Mr. Kontorovich. The statutory Iran sanctions, which have been embodied in numerous instruments and Congress has passed many sets of Iran sanctions, almost invariably had provisions allowing the executive to waive or suspend or sunset them. Congress can extend, can delegate that kind of authority to the executive. By the same token, that which Congress giveth, it can taketh away or limit. In INARA, and this relates to Mr. Gohmert's comment, Congress did a very unusual thing and flipped the majority presumption for congressional action, which is a significant deferral to the executive. That came at a price. The price was until the review obligations were met by the President, existing sanctions which allowed for waiver could not, in fact, be waived. Because those requirements were not complied with, the previous waiver authority contained in legislative sanctions is now suspended. That is to say: just like the legislative sanctions allowed for waiver, there has since been new legislation, namely INARA, which the President signed.    Now, one might say: Isn't it a bit much because of these IAEA documents to limit the President's waiver authority? Again, that is not an inherent waiver authority. That's a statutory waiver authority which can be modified by statute. And if the President considers it very important, he could make these documents available. More importantly, state sanctions remain on the books. Some state sanctions are specifically authorized in the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions and Divestment Act of 2011, which does not given the President authority to waive or suspend them, unlike other sanctions. More importantly, INARA provides that it's provisions do not in any way affect assisting sanctions for Iran for human rights and other things, like support of terrorism, which is what some of the state sanctions involve. So I would say that INARA locks in and protects from executive action state sanctions that aren't covered by CISADA, in particular those which deal with human rights and support of terrorism.    Mr. Kontorovich. Okay. So the funding restrictions in question block money from being given to the United Nations if they are--treat the Palestinian Authority in various ways as a member state.    Mr. Kontorovich. But one of those ways is accepting them into the various U.N. agencies. So the funding restriction says the U.N. doesn't get money. It's not money to the Palestinian Authority.    Mr. Kontorovich. It's money to the U.N. agency.    Mr. Kontorovich. There are, in the omnibus spending bill, various other restrictions about money going to the Palestinians if they join the International Criminal Court, again, restrictions which I think were written overly narrowly in a way which make them easy to avoid. But this particular provision is about money to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Control, and it's a great place, by the way, to take a stand on principle the question we were discussing before.    Mr. Kontorovich. We are talking about $17 million. That's not going to break the climate, and it's not going to break the Middle East peace process.    Mr. Kontorovich. My understanding is they send it to the administration of the UNFCCC, which is the Secretariat, which gets the money and pays the bills for these U.N. agencies.    Mr. Kontorovich. Right. So the United Nation's Framework Convention on Climate Control is a treaty which creates an organization. So the Administration says: Oh, this doesn't count as a violation of the statute because it's not an agency. It's a treaty.    Mr. Kontorovich. Now, it's true it's a treaty, but it is also an agency, just like the United Nations' charter is a treaty----    Mr. Kontorovich . Which creates an institution, the United Nations itself.    Mr. Kontorovich. So, no, I'm afraid I would not agree with that.    Mr. Kontorovich. Whether it's a treaty or not depends a lot on whether it creates obligations for the U.S., whether it trumps domestic law and so forth. The President has told us that that is not the case. I take his word on it, and I think the courts in the future if he would, for example, take action to preempt state sanctions----    Mr. Kontorovich . Would hold him at his word. And I think it's important to maintain that this deal does not create any international or national obligations for the United States.    Mr. Kontorovich. That, by the way, also gives a lot more room to a future Administration, for example, to deal with potential violations by Iran under this treaty.    Mr. Kontorovich. Under this arrangement.    Mr. Kontorovich. The significance is that it shows that this agency, supposedly dedicated to climate change, has decided to embroil itself in Middle East politics and recognize as a state party an entity that does not meet the criteria of international statehood. They don't do this with, you know, any other entity, with Puntland or Kurdistan. Under U.S. law, this means that the U.S. cannot fund the relevant United Nations agency of the framework convention.    Mr. Kontorovich. The U.S. policy has banned the use of funds for this since the 1990's. The fact that the Administration is going to probably send them a check anyway I think doesn't signal a shift of policy so much as what the Administration might perceive as wiggle room in the relevant statutory language. But the executive has been lobbying Congress to get rid of these provisions entirely. And so Congress has to understand: this is a negotiation with the executive. His policies are clear. It's clear what he wants, and Congress can assert itself by giving less of that, by going in the opposite direction, rather--so that there will be consequences for not complying with the law.