    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Chairwoman. And I want to thank the witnesses for being here today, for your testimony.    Commissioner, you know, as an outsider looking in and looking at what we've heard, 700,000 taxpayers having their personal information compromised, that we had the GAO come in with 45 recommendations that, you know, the Chairman asked you how many of those have been implemented, and we didn't get a sufficient answer on that, and then more recommendations from GAO. And I guess, I mean, what are the successes that you've had in fixing this problem? I mean, when we tell the American people we've had successes, we're fixing this, we're giving you confidence that we're on the right track after we've had these series of events, statistics out there, and these breaches, I mean, what are the successes?    Mr. LaHood. Since when? When is the date that you use on that?    Mr. LaHood. So the 700,000 that have had their personal information compromised, I mean, when did that change in terms of the implementations that you've made and that we're not seeing the numbers that have been compromised? I mean, has that changed since when?    Mr. LaHood. And then one thing that I haven't heard you talk about is--so we've talked about these hackers and the criminals. I mean, tell me about the successful prosecutions that you've had in terms of the deterrent effect if we're going to stop this from going forward, the successes you've had with--successful prosecutions going after people that you can kind of hold out that we've stopped this and these people are being held accountable?    Mr. LaHood. And can you give me a couple examples of kind of highlighted cases and the effect that that's had?    Mr. LaHood. And have you found that the criminal code right now in terms of the senses people are getting, is it having a deterrent effect? Does that need to change? Are there recommendations on that?    Mr. LaHood. Thank you. Those are all my questions.    Chairwoman Comstock. Okay. I now recognize Mr. Hultgren for--oh, he's not here now. Okay.    Mr. Moolenaar for five minutes.