    Mr. Burgess. The Subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade will now come to order.    The Chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes for the purposes of an opening statement. And I certainly want to welcome everyone on our panel to the hearing, to provide an update on patent demand letters, the practices and possible solutions.    Unfortunately, abusive patent demand letters are not a new problem, and they are not new to this subcommittee. Patent trolls continue to send demand letters in bulk to induce victims to pay unjustified license fees rather than fight back. Last year, under Subcommittee Chairman Terry, this subcommittee held an oversight hearing, a legislative hearing, and eventually produced and marked up draft legislation targeting bad-faith demand letters. As this subcommittee learned through its process, the act of defining a so-called troll is a difficult task. In protecting companies from trolls, legislation must also not prevent legitimate patent holders from protecting their rights from being infringed upon by other actors. But a task that is difficult is not a task that is impossible, and I have a sincere belief that in the realm of patent demand letters, like so many other areas under the jurisdiction of this subcommittee, can effect a bipartisan agreement and legislation.    So here we are in the new year, in a new Congress, and we renew the effort to forge ahead to achieve this goal. We again take aim to solve a small piece of the patent world that has caused some of the greatest consternation. I sincerely believe that a targeted solution to this problem is the best one, and I hope that our hearing today will restart the conversations on how best to stop this activity, yet allow legitimate patent holders to proceed.    The truth is that the destructive business model of the so-called patent troll has largely skated just beyond the reach of law, and as a result, crime pays. And because Federal law has been slow to keep up with the evolving world of patent trolls, even in a subject area where Federal jurisdiction is clearly delineated in the Constitution's Article I enumerated powers of Congress, the States now have felt an obligation to begin looking at ways to protect their constituent companies. Protection of intellectual property rights is a Federal issue. Indeed, Article I, Section 8, clause 8 clearly envisions Congress as having both the power and the duty to promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to authors and inventors the exclusive rights to their respective writings and Discoveries. It would appear from the stories we have all heard about patent trolls that the protection of these rights is not being considered. This committee wishes to change that equation.    I am especially concerned about the effects these fraud schemes have on small businesses. When a business receives a demand letter, especially one that is intentionally vague or misleading, many small business owners simply lack the tools necessary to distinguish a bogus assertion from a legitimate infringement claim. However, the United States Patent Office lists three Web sites; Stand Up To the Demand, ThatPatentTool, and Trolling Effects, as resources that companies can use to protect themselves. There is work going on beyond this subcommittee to address some of this--these issues. For example, a number of Web sites have popped up for demand letter recipients to verify the legitimacy of infringement claims against them. Eighteen States have also enacted legislation, and a handful of State attorneys general have brought cases under their consumer protection laws.    As we will discuss today, it may be that State efforts to curb patent abuses are on uncertain legal footing due to preemption of the First Amendment doctrines that were developed by the Federal courts. These doctrines are designed to protect the fair assertion of patent rights, and any legislation this subcommittee produces must allow legitimate assertions. It is my intention that this committee can work with companies who own large patent holdings to address this issue. As many companies have seen, illegitimate claims could ultimately undercut the value of legitimate patents. To help us strike the proper balance, we will hear from experts in the field as well as representatives from both abusive demand letter victims and a large patent holder. We hope this information--this will inform the direction of whatever legislation this subcommittee ultimately produces. I hope that we may use last year's draft, the Targeting Rogue and Opaque Letters Act, as a place to begin the discussion. One area where we will need to focus on is how the bad faith standard in that legislation would work with the required disclosures in the Act. Further, how those required disclosures fit with the prohibited bad acts included in the draft legislation, and I hope that is an area we can examine closely. The subcommittee is eager to work with the panelists before us and others to address this problem.    I thank the witnesses for their testimonies, and I certainly look forward to the discussion today.    Mr. Burgess. And the Chair now recognizes the subcommittee ranking member, Ms. Schakowsky, from Illinois for 5 minutes for the purpose of an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back.    This is the point where the Chair would normally recognize the chair of the full committee, but seeing that--and I do want to explain to our witnesses, there is a concurrent subcommittee hearing downstairs, and we may well see Members come in and out today, and it is not a sign of disrespect, it is a sign of there is just a lot of work to be done this morning.    Mr. Mullin, would you seek time for an opening statement?    Mr. Burgess. Gentleman does not seek time.    Chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for purposes of an opening statement, 5 minutes.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back.    This concludes opening statements.    We want to welcome all of our witnesses, and thank you for agreeing to testify before the subcommittee today. Our witness panel for today's hearing will include Ms. Laurie Self, the Vice President and Counsel of Government Relations, will be testifying on behalf of Qualcomm; Mr. Vince Malta, Liaison for Law Policy at the National Association of Realtors; Mr. Paul Gugliuzza, close enough, Associate Professor at Boston University School of Law; and Ms. Vera Ranieri, Staff Attorney for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. We welcome you all to the committee.    And, Ms. Self, we will start with you. You are recognized 5 minutes for the purpose of an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. Gentleman yields back. Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    Professor Gugliuzza, you are now recognized for 5 minutes for the purposes of an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. Gentleman yields back. The Chair thanks the gentleman for his testimony.    Ms. Ranieri, you are recognized for 5 minutes for the purposes of an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. Gentlelady yields back. The Chair thanks the gentlelady and all the witnesses for their testimony this morning. Very informative, very helpful. Professor, I am now reminded why I didn't go to law school. But complex discussion, and certainly the issues you bring before us are of importance.    Chair now moves to the questioning part of the hearing. I want to recognize myself 5 minutes for questions.    Also, just an observation. When this issue came up in previous Congress, when Chairman Terry was in charge of the subcommittee, I think it actually to the--before the Rules Committee, and we had a Member who appeared before the Rules Committee and said he was conflicted because some days he was asserting he was a patent troll, other days he was not, and defending a patent. So it did underscore for me how there could be actually people on both sides of the issue.    But let me just ask this question to start off for the entire panel. I would like to get everyone's thoughts on this. And, Ms. Self, we will start with you and then move down the panel. How does the--has the concept of bad faith been applied in patent law, and how should it apply to the demand letter context?    Mr. Burgess. I might come back to you because you brought up the issue of pattern of practice, but I want to go down the panel for just a moment.    Mr. Malta, the concept of bad faith?    Mr. Burgess. And, Professor, defining bad faith?    Mr. Burgess. And, Ms. Ranieri, on the concept of bad faith?    Mr. Burgess. My time has expired. I thank the panelists for their responses.    Recognize Ms. Schakowsky 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentlelady. The gentlelady yields back.    The Chair would like to recognize the attendance of a Member who is not a member of the subcommittee, but Mr. Tom Massie from Kentucky, from the Bluegrass State, and a noted and world-famous inventor. We welcome your presence here today. Thank you.    The Chair would now recognize Mr. Mullin from Oklahoma for 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman. Gentleman yields back.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from--Ms. Clarke from New York for 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair thanks the gentlelady.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman. Gentleman yields back.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Kennedy, 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson, 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Gentleman yields back. Chair thanks the gentleman.    Chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Cardenas, for 5 minutes for purposes of questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Gentleman yield back. Chair thanks the gentleman very much for his questions.    Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Kinzinger, 5 minutes for your questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman.    Chair recognizes the gentlelady from Indiana, Mrs. Brooks, 5 minutes for your questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Gentlelady yields back.    Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair will allow both Ms. Self and Ms. Ranieri to respond.    Mr. Burgess. Ms. Ranieri?    Mr. Burgess. Gentleman's time has expired.    Chair would ask of the ranking member, do you have a follow-up question?    Mr. Burgess. Ranking member has no follow-up question.    The only thing I was going to ask in follow-up, and Professor and Ms. Ranieri, you all talked about flexibility, but then, Ms. Ranieri, you had given us an admonition earlieron't give us loopholes or we will drive a truck through them. So how do we achieve that balance between flexibility and loopholes?    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks all of our witnesses. And seeing no further Members wishing to ask questions, again, thank the witnesses for their participation.    Before we conclude, I would like to include the following documents to be submitted for the record by unanimous consent: A letter on behalf of the National Association of Federal Credit Unions, a letter on behalf of the Direct Marketing Association, a joint letter on behalf of the American Bankers Association, the American Insurance Association, the Clearinghouse Payments Company, Credit Unions National Association, Financial Services Roundtable, Independent Community Bankers of America, National Association of Federal Credit Unions, and the National Association of Mutual Insurance Companies. Pursuant to committee rules, I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record. I ask that witnesses submit their responses within 10 business days upon receipt of the questions.    Voice. We also have a letter from the National Retail Federation.    Mr. Burgess. My understanding is a late arrival, a letter from the National Retail Federation, which we will make part of the record. And----    Mr. Burgess. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. And then without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned. And I thank the witnesses.