    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Ashe, it is always good to see you. I appreciate you and your organization. I think you try in sometimes difficult situations.    I am going to start with a supposition. I am not going to ask you to agree or disagree, because I think that you do agree. If not, feel free to tell me otherwise.    We believe that local people, including the States, want to do the right thing when it comes to restoration and protection of species.    Mr. Stewart. I think we would agree as well that, in many cases, local populations or the States are capable of taking actions that would protect endangered species.    Mr. Stewart. Now, in light of that, we also recognize we have Federal mandates that you have to comply with. That is your job, to enforce the Federal law and Federal regulations. And sometimes those two are in conflict.    We have an example in my State that we have talked about many times since I have been in Congress, regarding the prairie dog. We know there has been litigation regarding that. Whether that actual finding for the State is upheld will be seen this summer.    But assuming that it is not, that your lawsuit is successful, can you ensure us and ensure the people of my district that we will not go back to square one with the administration with the prairie dog? That Utah has demonstrated a capability of protecting the species, they have demonstrated a desire to protect the species, and that we can have a partnership there that does not take us back to square one and some of the real draconian economic effects of the Federal plan?    Mr. Stewart. I hope so, and I appreciate that.    It has just devastating impacts on the small community for something they have very little ability to control, because it was so mandated by Federal policy.    Shifting gears quickly, if I could, toward the introduction of the Mexican wolf into Utah, or the Fish and Wildlife Service proposing to place Mexican wolves in Utah.    Again, stating for the record and that is this species is not native to Utah. In fact, you seemed to indicate that maybe that is not true. I would be interested if that is not the case, because my understanding is that 90 percent of the habitat is not native to Mexico, with some encroachment in some of the Southern States, but not into Utah.    This is at the same time that we just had a conversation regarding the gray wolf. And it would seem to me problematic to have the introduction of one protected species while we are trying to delist another species. Again, our concern being that the Mexican wolf is not native to my State.    I have two questions on this. The first one: hypothetically, are there other potential species that are not native to the U.S. that we would have a responsibility to protect? Would there be a species in Australia or New Zealand or some other place that they may not be doing a job of protecting it, and we would accept that responsibility? That seems like an incredibly difficult thing to ask, but it may be the case here with the Mexican wolf. I would ask you to respond to that, if you would please.    Mr. Stewart. That goes cross-border.    Mr. Stewart. The Mexican wolf.    Mr. Stewart. I appreciate that approach, as does I think my State. We certainly want to do that with you. I appreciate though that right now your plan is not a proposal for introduction of the Mexican wolf into Utah. That is appreciated. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you once again, Mr. Chairman.    Director, it is good to see you. Lena, it is good to see you both. I appreciate the time we have spent together and the things we have been able to work on.    I would like to thank you and congratulate you on a couple things, and then ask several questions, if I could.    First, let me thank you once again for the park's support of the Tour of Utah. This is an internationally sanctioned, very popular bike race. Your willingness to let us use the Zion National Park and to highlight Zion to the world, actually, as a race through the park, I think it is good for both of us. It is good for the park. It will be good publicity. It is obviously good for the Tour of Utah and gives us a chance to show the world this stunning place that we are so proud of. So thank you for that.    And Superintendent Bradybaugh down there just has been great to work with, so we are grateful for him as well.    I also want to congratulate you on the Centennial Challenge, taking $15 million and turning it into $48 million or something like that, as I recall, is meaningful. We would look forward to supporting you in those efforts in the future.    If I could, to a question then, and I do not think this will be terribly difficult, but I would be interested in your view on two things.    First, Utah is home to what we call the Mighty 5, five of these great national parks--Canyonlands, Arches, Bryce, Zion, and Capitol Reef. We have been very successful in promoting these parks, I would say almost too successful in the sense that they have become, as they have been, even more crowded.    So access is a concern for us. With the buses, as you know, Zion and some of the others have this great bus and transportation system. But that leaves us many times with no place to park, we have so many visitors.    So my question to you is, do you have plans and can you help us with the parking or with the bus route and bus structure through the parks?    And then the second question, I will just ask them both now and then that you address them, as you may recall several years ago, we had a partial government shutdown. We had some conversations regarding that, and some of them were somewhat heated. We had some various opinions on that.    But during that time, Utah did what I think was the right thing. They stepped in and did everything they could to keep the parks open, recognizing that people had traveled from around the world, in some cases, to visit the parks.    They incurred substantial costs doing that. In fact, recently, our legislature had signed legislation to request formally for the Federal Government to reimburse them for those costs. I have legislation that would reimburse them as well on the Federal side.    Help us understand what the status of that is, and can Utah expect to be reimbursed for those costs they had in keeping the parks open during that shutdown?    Mr. Stewart. Director, so I appreciate that you want to work with us, but right now, you have no plans? There is nothing in the budget to address these things in the immediate future?    Mr. Stewart. Okay. Before you answer the second question, I would just encourage you to move as aggressively forward as you can on that. The magic of the parks is diminished when people feel like they spend half their day in a parking lot. I know you understand that, but I hope we can move that up on your urgency list. We would appreciate it, if you could.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you.    Mr. Stewart. We will work together on that, I think. So thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Stewart. That is right.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    It is good to see you. I wish we had more time. This is a target-rich environment, there is no doubt. There are so many things that many of us would like to talk to you about.    Mr. Stewart. Well, having seen just parts of some of the other hearings, I recognize this is not your favorite thing to do. I get that. But we also feel compelled to engage with you in some ways about things that many of us are very, very concerned about.    Mr. Stewart. I appreciate that.    Just an observation, and then I want to get to a specific question.    The breakdown in trust between just normal folks, just people, and the Federal Government is something that I think troubles all of us. I think the approach and the aggressiveness of the EPA is one of the keys to that. I really do.    I think we have to find a way to do better than we have done at this, and not to give people the feeling the Federal Government is going to do what they are going to do regardless of how local people feel and the concerns that they may have.    I would like to pick up on a line of questioning. I was not going to do this, but since it came up, I would like to talk about the Gold King Mine.    To review what I know about that, that came out in recent hearings, 88,000 pounds of metals released in the Animas River, which affected Western States, including my own.    Just as a second observation, it is interesting to me how little media has been paid to this. If a private company had done this, I cannot help but believe it would have been a very different media story than what we are seeing now under the reality that it was the EPA who did it, not a private company.    When you review the EPA's assumptions, from the layout of what they thought the mine consisted of--I know you know this, but to state it for the record--that contradicted public records, assuming the water was only halfway up the mine. They did not test for water pressure. Even things like the onsite commander leaving on vacation, leaving instructions that were apparently discarded or not adhered to.    My question is, can you tell us where your investigation is and who has been held accountable for what I believe is at least the dereliction of responsibilities in this? It has been long enough now. We should know what happened and who was responsible and how they have been held accountable.    Mr. Stewart. Well, in conclusion, I think the challenge you have is to fight the perception, if it is only a perception, and I am not certain that it is, but to fight the perception that the Federal Government treated themselves differently than they would have treated a private company. Because I think there is a consensus among at least my constituents that there is a double standard here, and that this is evidence of a double standard.    Mr. Stewart. Thank you. I yield back.