    Mr. Coffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Are there--and I will ask every panelist--are there any types of health care services that should be eligible for Choice without regards to any time or geographic requirements?    And the reason why I mention this is because obviously mental health has become such a big issue for our veterans, and we have had testimony before to this Committee about VA's mental health being at times drug-centric in its treatment. And so to me, having had veterans commit suicide in my district and meet with those families and try and trace it back, when it becomes evident that they couldn't navigate the bureaucracy to be able to get an appointment in time to save their lives. And so wouldn't it make sense to allow veterans to see who they feel more comfortable with, see who they want, when they want, in terms of access to mental health care, as an example, and are there other examples?    Whoever wants to start with that.    Mr. Coffman. Okay. Mr. Blake?    Mr. Coffman. Well, I don't know if it is a false question to the veteran. Let me phrase it this way. Who should make the decision? Should it be the veteran making the decision or should it be a bureaucrat making the decision in terms of access to mental health care?    Yes?    Mr. Coffman. Well, let's take a step back here.    Mr. Coffman. Who are you going to empower to make the decision? This is my question. We are not bureaucrats here, we are veterans. I assume everybody here is a veteran. Who makes the decision? Does the veteran make the decision in terms of their own mental health care or are you saying that it is a shared decision between a VA employee and the veteran?    Mr. Coffman. Well, that is the problem.    Mr. Coffman. These veterans that I have in my district that committed suicide, they couldn't navigate this system. So let me ask everybody one more time. As a veteran--now, what branch were you in?    Mr. Coffman. Branch?    Mr. Coffman. Branch? Navy or Army?    Yes or no, should veterans make the choice of their mental health care irrespective of the Choice Act? What is your position?    Mr. Coffman. Okay, great.    Mr. Coffman. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.