    Ms. McDonough. Thank you, Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Polis, for the opportunity to testify at today's hearing. As the fifth member of Fitbit, Inc., and vice president and general manager of Fitbit Wellness, I come today to share my passion for innovating around engaging data driven health solutions for employers.    Fitbit Wellness, our offering for corporate wellness, was born in 2010 in response to market-stated need. We are driven by a belief that the right data, tools, and guidance can empower people to take charge of their health and fitness, and that community is key to fostering healthy behavior.    With six years of experience behind us, we remain deeply committed to helping companies innovate in this space. We have a specific vision of wellness, one that addresses the diverse needs of both organizations and the people that power them.    The fundamental goal of any wellness program should be to provide opportunities for individuals to improve their health and wellness. The need for wellness programs has never been greater, and employers are uniquely positioned to improve population health by starting right in the workplace. Wellness should always be inclusive, voluntary, and should protect the privacy of the people it is aiming to serve.    While the use of our technology in the corporate wellness setting continues to evolve rapidly, the results our customers have seen so far are significant. Let me briefly share a few examples.    Indiana University Health, Indiana's most comprehensive health care system, has been a Fitbit Wellness customer for more than two years. They found that 40 percent of participants decreased their BMI and 60 percent of program participants with diabetes decreased their A1C levels.    For one of our other customers, BP, who we work with through a partnership with StayWell, Fitbit data was a factor in reducing their overall health care spending by 3.5 percent. BP also saw that for employees who participated in a lifestyle management program over a one year period, their health risks declined by 11.1 percent.    Appirio, another Fitbit Wellness customer, cut its 2015 insurance premiums by 6 percent, a savings of $280,000, after showing its insurer data about engagement with their wellness program, including aggregate data from the 400 Fitbit devices it had provided to its employees.    Fitbit Wellness is built around the understanding that better people-oriented technology enables stronger results. We focus on engaging people first, incentivizing health and wellness through rewarding community driven experiences using wearable devices that consumers love.    Companies have traditionally worried about investing in wellness due to lack of participation. Traditional wellness programs generally show about an average 24 percent participation rate. Fitbit Wellness' participation rates vary from company to company, but are often much higher, sometimes more than 80 percent.    Across industries, we are seeing results that point to the very real ways that wellness works to keep employees healthy, reduce health care costs, and increase productivity. When workplaces make the healthy choice, the easy choice, health outcomes are profound.    Employers are uniquely positioned to improve population health in the workplace by fostering wellness initiatives that are inclusive, fun, voluntary, and protect the privacy of the people they aim to serve.    Corporate wellness is evolving as we speak, and is increasingly seeking to represent a more holistic picture of what influences health. Wellness professionals are beginning to look beyond tradition measures, like diet and exercise, to everything from sleep and mental health to financial wellness and stress management. Wellness programs aim to help people live healthier, happier, and more active lives.    Inherent in that mission is the responsibility to implement appropriate data security and privacy policies. As the leader in the connected health and fitness market, Fitbit is committed to protecting user data and ensuring that the health information tools people turn to for help are used properly.    Fitbit believes that participation in wellness programs should always be voluntary. Employees should be given the choice to opt in to participate and there should be no penalties for abstaining from participating in a program.    Companies should provide participants with an understanding of how their data will be used. However, the regulations governing wellness programs are not always clear, and this confusion has left some employers on the sidelines.    We at Fitbit are supportive of efforts to clarify and streamline the applicable laws and regulations that govern the structure of wellness programs.    Thank you for inviting me to participate and to share Fitbit's passion for data-driven, community-oriented health solutions.    Ms. McDonough. Thank you.    Ms. McDonough. Thank you for the question. Employers, who you suggested this in your introduction, employers come to us for a variety of reasons, a lot of them come to get more participation, more engagement with their programs, some are looking at health care savings, some are looking at productivity, so they have a variety of reasons of they are coming to work with Fitbit.    They are looking to bring something effective and engaging and that has longevity into their workplace. In terms of how we see the EEOC guidelines affect that, I think our goal and the goal of all of our employers is to make programs voluntary, to make them effective, to make them fun, but I think there is, and as I stated in my testimony, some further clarity that could allow them the ability to run more effective and engaging programs.    I think clarifying those guidelines so they have a very strong understanding of what is within the guidelines would be very helpful for employers in developing greater wellness programs or launching them to a greater population.    Ms. McDonough. Absolutely. Communication and transparency up front is what leads to great participation rates. So, a shared commitment to health, a culture of health or wellness, and really understanding that the employer and employee what data is being shared, how it is being used, and how that is going to impact the culture within the organization.    Ms. McDonough. Sir, thank you for the question. So, in terms of mechanisms for and incentives that we have seen, it really does vary from employer to employer based on the sophistication of their program. In our six years of history, we have had the opportunity to work with thousands of small- and medium-sized businesses as well as Fortune 500 companies.    The way they incentivize may be very different based on the sophistication of their program. In general, I think they try to align their incentives with the goals of the program. That is where I think Fitbit can actually be very effective.    For example, if you want someone to take a health screening or to get more active, running a collaborative or competitive program that ties into social responsibility and other things that are part of the culture of the organization actually has everyone's incentives aligned that good health. So that's a very common model.    Ms. McDonough. There is a variety of models in which that works. So, oftentimes, it is a cost-shared commitment between the employer and the employee.    Ms. McDonough. They range between $60 and $250, based on the features set and . . .    Ms. McDonough. That is correct, or even less--    Ms. McDonough. Exactly.    Ms. McDonough. Sure. Thank you for the question. Again, employers come to us for a variety of reasons. So they will come to us for return on investment in terms of health care savings and costs. We did have the example of Appirio. I am not sure if you are familiar with them. They are a small business, 700 employees or so, very distributed population.    They needed something virtual to bring their program together.    We work with a lot of companies of that size.    There is also a ``value on investment'' termed VOI, which includes the productivity and absenteeism and those kinds of things.    Employers are actually looking really holistically across that. There is not an expectation at this point for most employers that there is going to be a direct health care savings cost in the next year.    What is great is that the data will be able to show those outcomes over a period of time.    Ms. McDonough. That was actually over just one year, so they did a one year program in 2014, and then affected their premiums in the following year.    Ms. McDonough. Specifically, do you mean for the employee or the employer?    Ms. McDonough. Sure. I think this is now the minority, which I think is a great thing, but often times, they do need to sell the program up to an executive suite, so there is a financial commitment, and it has to be a culture commitment to healthy employees and really wanting to make their employees successful.    So that's when . . . I also think that the adoption rate, so the 24 percent average participation, can sometimes be a barrier, but again that is what is great about bringing consumer technology into this, you're being able to capitalize on a movement literally that is already happening in the marketplace, and being able to bring that and increase those participation rates.    I think that by bringing those technologies into the corporate marketplace, we are able to push back a lot of those objections.    Ms. McDonough. Absolutely.    Ms. McDonough. Absolutely. Privacy and security of our user's data and the trust of our customers is paramount at Fitbit. We have a very clear, easy to read privacy policy that we share with all the consumers. It is written in plain English so that they can understand that. That is for all the consumers who use Fitbit products.    When we work with an employer on an employer wellness program, they actually have to opt in and give active explicit consent to share data with their employer. And that is a subset of the actual data that is collected by Fitbit overall.    Some of the devices collect things like heart rate or GPS when you are out running if you are using that functionality. That data is not shared with an employer when they work with Fitbit directly.    The type of data that might be shared would be steps and distance and active minutes. So data that would be beneficial and useful for them to run an effective and engaging program. The employee has the opportunity to--again, the programs are voluntary, so they do not have to agree to share their data, and they can also opt out at any time.    Ms. McDonough. I am so glad you asked this question because I am really passionate about supporting small businesses, and I actually think it is through the use of technology that small and mid-sized businesses can actually have really effective wellness programs.    There are a number of vendors who will only work with very large employers. We work with and we are ourselves a small business. I am very passionate about it and real excited about it.    The barriers tend to be that it is one person who is responsible for all of H.R. and benefits and staff--    Ms. McDonough. Exactly. You have been there. What is great about the advent of the technology that we can provide is we make it very easy and streamlined, and we take a lot of pain points for the small business owner and we also solve those for them.    Ms. McDonough. Unfortunately, I am also not able to speak to that. I do not sit within the H.R. organization.    Ms. McDonough. Thank you for the question. Fundamentally, I think it goes back to what you suggested, which is giving the consumer the choice to who and when and what data they share and with whom. There is a responsibility on Fitbit in this case to make sure that the data is secure and privacy is respected, and then by giving the employee or the individual the availability to share that data with their practitioner in the future so that they can have a better and more informed conversation, I definitely think is where the market is growing, given it is empowering the consumer and also the practitioner to be able to have that conversation.