    Dr. Dehmer. Thank you, Chairman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith and Ranking Member Johnson from the full Committee, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Pat Dehmer, and I am the Deputy Director of the Department of Energy's Office of Science, where I oversee all of the science programs. The DOE SBIR/STTR Program Office is one of nine reporting to me.    The Office of Science has managed the Department's SBIR/STTR programs since the formation of SBIR in 1982. We work with the six science outlay programs in the Office of Science with four applied energy technology offices, with the Office of Environmental Management, and with the Office of Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation with in the National Nuclear Security Administration. These 12 offices together contribute about $200 million annually to SBIR/STTR, and the Office of Science is about 2/3 of this funding.    Since its establishment as a separate agency within the Department of Energy, the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, or ARPA-E, has managed its own small SBIR program, about $8 million annually, with initial awards in 2012.    During the past few years, we have experimented with some new approaches, some resulting directly from the Reauthorization Act of 2011, which I'll talk about in a moment. But first I want to mention one other program. In 2013, we began something called the Technology Transfer Opportunities, or TTOs, as part of our funding opportunity announcements. TTOs enable small business to use technology that has been developed using DOE funding at our national laboratories or at universities. TTOs awardees are assigned rights by the institution owning the technology to perform R&D on the technology during Phase I or Phase II grants. In addition, the research institute provides the awardee with a no-cost, six-month option to license the technology.    In 2015, 10 Phase I and two Phase II TTO awards were made, representing technologies from Michigan State University and from four of our Department of Energy National Laboratories. When the 2013 cohort, the first cohort completes, we will begin an assessment of the outcomes of this particular experiment.    I'd like to turn now to some important features of the 2011 Reauthorization Act, particularly as they might relate to your consideration of the forthcoming reauthorization. The 2011 Reauthorization Act created a pilot program that allowed agencies to use up to three percent of SBIR program funds to improve the administration of these programs. DOE used from .6 to .9 percent of program funds annually for some very important improvements.    First is the improvement in our award timelines. By adding small amounts of funding to accelerate the development of our new Office of Science-wide web-based grants management system and introducing a few process changes, we were able to reduce the time from the close of a solicitation to Phase I actual awards by a factor of two from eight months to four months. That's a very substantial improvement, and the opportunity to have this flexibility was critical to us.    A second thing that we did with this authorization was an important outreach activity. We created a Phase 0 assistance program to help under represented small businesses apply for SBIR/STTR funding. In this program, we target applications from states with historically low SBIR/STTR submissions and from women and minority-owned businesses across the Nation. The Phase 0 assistance program helps awardees with letter-of-intent writing, Phase I proposal preparation, review and submission, training and mentoring, communications and market research, technology advice, and consulting on areas of intellectual property. In just three funding opportunity announcements, we received more than 500 applications for the Phase 0 assistance program and we provided services to 165 participants. Again, we plan to assess the effectiveness of this after a year or so of this program being in operation.    The Reauthorization Act of 2011 also permitted us to make sequential Phase II awards. These awards permit us to fund additional R&D to complete Phase II research if necessary and to assist with transition to commercialization. In 2015, 17 percent of our Phase II awards were sequential Phase II awards.    As you think about the reauthorization in 2017, we'd like to take this opportunity to present our thoughts. We strongly support permanent reauthorization to provide federal agencies with long-term certainty and stability. We strongly support the existing flexibilities provided on award size and sequencing and, for example, that helped us innovate and begin the Phase II assistance pilot program and, finally, like my colleagues, we support maintaining the SBIR/STTR set-asides at the 2017 levels, which represent more than a 30 percent increase over the fiscal year 2011 level.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to talk to you. I appreciate the Committee's interest in this important topic, and I will be happy to answer your questions.    Dr. Dehmer. Well, we've had quite a bit of experience over the last five to ten years of looking at success of non-traditional research programs. We started something many years ago called the Energy Frontier Research programs, and how do we measure their success? We do it in part by the standard metrics of counting publications, licenses, things like tech transfer and how many small businesses and industries are involved. In reality, it's an extremely topic to measure success of non-traditional research and development programs. Not only have I been involved with that, but for the past five years I've been involved with measuring success of programs that do STEM workforce development training, very difficult.    So one of the things that we've done actually in the last year is bring a new person into the SBIR/STTR program, a Ph.D. researcher, whose function is going to be to look at how we measure success and to follow on with some of the programs that we've started and that the traditional SBIR or STTR programs do.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    Dr. Dehmer. Well, thank you for that question. In the Department of Energy, we have a particular challenge with women and underrepresented minorities because the work that we do is primarily physical sciences, and the pipeline for bringing those folks into physical sciences has never been cracked to the extent that I would like to see it. And by the way, my own personal time with this goes back to yours in the 1970s.    Within the SBIR/STTR program, we're doing several things. We're definitely increasing our outreach to everyone as my colleagues have mentioned, and one of the reasons we've started the Phase 0 assistance program, which is somewhat different than the other Phase 0 programs described, is specifically to target women and socially and economically disadvantaged persons. It's a huge challenge in the physical sciences. You know, I've observed in my own career, which dates back to the early 1970s, thanks to my bio, which didn't expunge the date of my Ph.D., I can remember when I was a student and my colleagues, who were women and minorities, talked of quotas for medical school and other kinds of professional schools, very small quotas, in the few percents, not double digits. Today, medical schools graduate 50 percent women. Veterinary schools graduate nearly 100 percent women. But the physical sciences have not kept pace at all with that. So that's one of the things the Department of Energy is particularly keen to crack, and we've done so both in the core research programs and our workforce development programs and in our SBIR/STTR programs.    Dr. Dehmer. Well, in preparing for this hearing, I looked at a number of examples of outcomes from SBIR investments. I don't see them all because I don't look at them day to day, but one of them struck me as extremely important, and that is a small company in Lansing, Michigan, near Michigan State University called Niowave Incorporated. They received a number of SBIR/STTR awards over the last ten years or so to build superconducting linear accelerators, which sounds kind of techy, but one of the things that they did in 2015, they produced Molybdenum-99, Moly-99, by fissioning uranium using one of the superconducting linear accelerators. So the decay product of Moly-99 is Technetium-99, and that's used in 30 million diagnostic imaging procedures annually. The United States has no production of Moly-99. It's all imported. And so Niowave is going to begin, I hope, in a couple of years, 2016 or 2017, producing Moly-99 using this linear accelerator technology. If so, it would be a remarkable achievement. So that's the one that struck me as potentially the most impactful.    Ms. Dehmer. Well, actually, we're also a participant in I-Corps. Early on, the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, which is one of the largest contributors to SBIR, signed a one year MOU with NSF to participate in I-Corps. They subsequently extended that to five years, and they've been sending cohorts to that for the past few years. That same office also began Lab Corps, and it's my understanding that it's been very well received and very popular with the laboratory scientists. So yes, we're part of both I-Corps and Lab Corps.    Dr. Dehmer. The way that we determine topical areas that are funding opportunity announcements is----    Dr. Dehmer. The way that we determine the topical areas for the funding opportunity announcements is by going out to all of the programs and having them suggest the topical areas and the subtopics that we put out in the FOAs. I can't speak to all of the subtopics but certainly in the Office of Science, there are a number of topics that probably the private sector wouldn't be investing in in the very early stages.    Dr. Dehmer. Yeah, I'll echo that. I actually engaged in a discussion on this with the Director of the SBIR/STTR programs office just this week, and it's a complicated topic. We'd be happy to get back to you on that if you like.    Ms. Dehmer. We've done similar things to what's just been described. We have a fast track program, and we've made a number of changes in how the awards are handled to reduce the gap. Also, in terms of the complications of application, we've tried using a new electronic application system to streamline that somewhat, and as I mentioned in my own testimony, we reduced the time from the close of the FOA to the actual award by a factor of two, and so we're trying very hard to make things easier for the applicants.    Dr. Dehmer. Absolutely. I echo that completely. The flexibility, the option to have a small fraction of the budget for administrative support are the key things that we would recommend.    Dr. Dehmer. One of the things that we've done in our STEM education--science, technology, engineering and mathematics--workforce development is to set up systems that will track students, participants over a long period of time and enable us to look at outcomes five, 10 and more years down the road, and I think if you really want to do these kinds of assessments properly, you can't look at short-term outputs; you have to look at the long term. And so those would be my recommendations.    Ms. Dehmer. Well, so there's two parts to that. The first is outreach to women and minority-owned businesses, and we're working hard to increase our outreach through various mechanisms, through physically getting on the road, through webinars and so forth, and the second is enabling people through small investments to be better prepared to write successful SBIR grants for the first time, and I think that's very important. This actually goes beyond just SBIR. This goes to enabling people who have never submitted a research grant to be able to do it successfully, and so our Phase 0 program--there's many different Phase 0 programs so they're not all the same. But ours specifically provides people with help in navigating the federal system, the application system, and giving them help in letter-of-intent writing. If you don't write a good letter of intent for the programs, you're out right away, at least in some of the research programs, how to write a Phase I proposal, how it gets reviewed, how you're going to submit it, communication and marketing research, technology advice and so forth.    So what I've personally observed with young people submitting proposals for the research programs, and that applies to first-time applicants to SBIR, is that they will need help navigating the federal system and learning the basics of how to do something successfully, and frequently they aren't successful just because they don't know.    Ms. Dehmer. Yeah. So it's--so it's a new program, and the only thing we know so far is that the success rate for people who have been through the Phase 0 program is about the same as the success rate for others, and at first blush, you might think that that wouldn't be the case because the people submitting for the first time would be less successful. But I think it's actually going to take a lot more statistical analysis with control groups and so forth to know for a fact that the Phase 0 program is helping, but we do know that the success rate is about the same for first-time applicants who have been--or for recent applicants who have been through the Phase 0 program compared to those who do not.    Ms. Dehmer. Yeah. I think you've heard a lot of examples from me in DOE and from my colleagues. I think the bottom line here is that increased flexibility enables an agency to do experiments that are targeted at the kinds of small businesses that the agency wants to develop, and without that flexibility that allows experiments, you simply are going to be locked into a structure which may not fit everyone. I've observed in my own research career and in my management career at DOE watching several groups of the same kind that are funded at very different places evolve in different ways because we allow them the freedom to evolve, and what you find are best practices and innovation, and that then can be ported from one group to another. So the flexibility to allow experimentation is extremely critical in this program, and the 2011 authorization, which provided that, was terrific.