    Ms. DeLauro. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    To, I guess, Dr. Jacobs-Young or Dr. Woteki, I share similar concerns as my colleagues have expressed about the neglect and abuse of the Animal Research Center in Nebraska.    My understanding is Subcommittee staff has met several times with all of you and several times has not received substantive responses in this area. Obviously, we find it unacceptable. The findings of ARS Animal Handling and Welfare Review Panel raised red flags, and at least it is the view that we haven't been able to get real answers.    Let me just try to ask a couple of questions, if I might, in this regard. You have asked the review panel, the Vilsack panel, to look at three to five additional ARS facilities that do livestock research.    How many ARS facilities handle animals?    Ms. DeLauro. What do you know about similar failures at the--is it IACUC, the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee?--at other ARS animal research facilities? Have you looked into similar failures at that effort?    Ms. DeLauro. Well, let me just say, do we have access to this plan of action? I thought I heard you say that there is now a new plan of action, but there was a determination that the procedures and the policies were okay, that they were fine. So this plan of action then is, what, to verify that the procedures and policies are fine?    I mean, my question is: Have you looked into this other--this IACUC, which has a responsibility at other ARS animal research facilities? Are there similar failures that have been reported with regard to other efforts here? How are you going to determine the status of these IACUCs at each ARS facility that handles animals if the review panel is only looking at three to five facilities? You talked about 50 facilities. What are we going to find out from three to five facilities here?    Ms. DeLauro. But----    Ms. DeLauro. Right.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, but we identified that that was true of MARC. I have to do that because I have to be back at Labor HHS in about 2 or 3 minutes, where I am the Ranking Member.    But, you know, MARC was in the same situation here, but we found real problems there. And I also understand that the review panel said that--and I quote--``There was no evidence of former review or approval of the proposed research by IACUC members. Furthermore, there is no evidence of regularly convened meetings of the IACUC.''    So we don't have any information about any of these, whether or not there is similar difficulties with this process in terms of the facilities.    Ms. DeLauro. So there isn't a plan yet?    Ms. DeLauro. Can this Committee get a copy of that document?    Ms. DeLauro. So we are not sure that this Committee can get a copy of it?    Ms. DeLauro. Uh-huh.    Mr. Chairman, can I just ask one quick follow-up before I jump out?    Ms. DeLauro. Thank you.    The Times asked why MARC is not a member of the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC). It is an organization that provides voluntary accreditation of 925 public and private labs in 40 countries that do research involving animals.    In response, you said you were aware of the work that AAALAC does with non-Federal facilities. You also suggested that membership by the University of Nebraska at Lincoln, which, to quote you, ``owns a fraction of the animals at MARC'' would help MARC.    Are you aware that AAALAC does, in fact, have Federal members, including the ARS Beltsville Research Center? Why is MARC not an accredited member? And, you know, I don't really want to hear that membership by UNL is sufficient. And why are other ARS facilities that have animals not accredited members?    Ms. DeLauro. ``AAALAC.'' Yes. Right.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, that is my question, is why.    Ms. DeLauro. Well, they do livestock.    Ms. DeLauro. I think we have got some serious issues here, my friends, and I hope it would be transparent in whatever plans of action, whatever that you are doing to make it available and accessible to this committee.    That was a devastating article. And to not have any real responses and action plans and the determination of where we are going from here and to--in fact, I will just use the word ``stonewall'' staff in terms of getting responses, I think is pretty irresponsible.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.