    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Yoho. How serious is Pakistan about bringing this to an end? It is like my mom; she was--I told her I wanted to play piano, but I wasn't real serious about it. And I never learned how to play it. So if you are serious about it, you will do it. And if you are not, you are not going to do it. With $30 billion of the American taxpayers' money going into that area, and we rewarded Pakistan by giving them, selling the initial F-16s as them helping us after 9/11, and then we suspended that because we have seen them complicit, working against us in Afghanistan. But, yet, we hear they want to have peace in that area; they want to have talks and have the concurrent resolutions and talks with India. But if you are not willing to stand up and stomp out terrorism, you are not real serious about it. Just yes or no, am I right or wrong on that?    Mr. Yoho. What kind of attacks have they done? I mean, we did sorties against ISIS in the summer a year and a half ago, but they weren't really meaningful. I mean, we were doing 5 to 10 maybe a month. If you are serious, you go in and annihilate that.    Mr. Yoho. Well, if you look at the recent attack in California, Tashfeen Malik studied at an all-women's Islamic religious school in Pakistan. So it is still working against us. It is still creating terrorism. And then the debate largely borders on these F-16s. Efforts by Congress to place conditional requirements upon aid to Pakistan due to the country's support for terror have consistently been waived by administrations which argue that the U.S. assistance is essential to build Pakistan's counterterrorism capabilities. Let me ask you, in general, what specific contributions have Pakistan's F-16s that they have had from us made to U.S. counterterrorism objectives in South and Central America? What can you say they have done definitively that I can go back to the people that I represent and say, ``No, no, this is a good thing; we want to keep it because it is going to give us peace down the road''? We have said this for 30 years. And we are not seeing it. In fact, we are going backwards in this. So what benefits have these F-16s done? And I have got a followup question if you can----    Mr. Yoho. The administration has no real idea what policies Pakistan will be pursuing against militants in the tribal area when any new aircraft will be delivered, each of which will generally take 3 years to produce and deliver. Would you recommend giving them more, selling them more airplanes with the results we have gotten so far? And the $30 billion--because you read off an impressive list of schools, education, Fulbright Scholarships. I am not seeing the return on investment here to bring this to an end. And you know where we are in America with the American sentiment; they want this to end.    Mr. Yoho. But, yet, they protected Osama bin Laden all those years. I mean, there is no way they didn't know about that. I mean, nobody can convince me of anything different. And so, yet, they are effective over here hitting a beehive. They are treating a tumor, a malignant, metastatic tumor over here. But the main tumor is over here. And we need to go after the main root cause of our problems before I can support any sales of those. Thank you.