    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate this hearing.    Could I ask you, Ms. Bresch, after an avalanche of criticism, perhaps the worst--and that is really saying something--of any pharmaceutical in recent memory, will you reverse the increase in price of EpiPens?    Ms. Norton. And that you did in response to the criticism. That's your response to the criticism you've gotten from the public long before you came to this hearing, but nothing about the brand-name product. Is that right?    Ms. Norton. Would be to reduce the price of the brand-name product.    Ms. Norton. But that was your concern. You know, this just might not go to the patient, so we will go immediately to----    Ms. Norton. I asked staff, because there have been some responses from you about this being only one of your products, how much, how substantial was EpiPen. I was amazed by the answer that--and I would ask you to verify this--that Mylan is 0.3 percent of the products, percent of the products you produce, but 10 percent of the revenue.    Ms. Norton. But only about three one-hundredths of the products you produce?    Ms. Norton. Yes, but, you know, this turns out to be a minute amount of the products you produce, yet out of that comes 10 percent of the revenue.    What bothers me, when we try to--what we ought to do is compare you with others, because you're certainly not the only one. The ranking member brought up the names of others who have become notorious. But even in that notorious grouping, Mylan is 11th in revenue in the drug industry. Can you confirm that?    Ms. Norton. That is our information. And unless you get back to us with different information, 11th in revenue in the entire drug industry, which is perhaps the most criticized sector of an economy, and 16th by market capitalization, and that Mylan is paying its executives far more, for example.    You have already testified that you earned $18 million. That is last year. I understand you earned $2.45 million in 2007. So you got a hefty increase. But from $2.5, less than 10 years ago, to $18 million last year. That's the figure?    Ms. Norton. Could I ask you this: What have you done to earn a 671 percent increase? What have you done to earn that kind of increase?    Ms. Norton. No, I'm asking what you have done. I'm interested in your compensation. What have you done to earn that kind of an increase, 671 percent increase in less than 10 years?    Ms. Norton. I'm talking about--I'm talking about this product. This product.    Ms. Norton. I'm talking about this product, Ms. Bresch, this product. What have you done? Is your compensation based on what you've done with this product, which turns out to be the epicenter of your products for--of the many products you make? So I'm trying to find out what you've done about this product that has earned such an increase.    Ms. Norton. For which you will, of course, then want another increase.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.