    Mr. Sanford. Thank you, Chairman. It strikes me, I guess, three things hit me: one, the unmanned is the--if it is not the future of flight, it is certainly the next frontier of flight; two, that there has been a long-time fascination with flight, going back to the days of da Vinci, and moving forward to the Wright Brothers; and three, that we want to encourage innovation on that front. And, in general, Government regulation control and other inhibits that innovation that I think is vital, ultimately, to American competitiveness.    So, we want to have, you know, kids out there, fiddling with something. You say, ``Well, if you tie these three rocks onto it, will it fly as well?'' I mean, you know, at the base level, kids in the basement of a garage working with some of this stuff may well lead to innovations and new developments with regard to unmanned flight that, I think, could have commercial applications, and certainly competitive applications.    And so, you know, what has hit me in sort of listening to testimony today is, you know, how do we get to a place that is minimally invasive, with regard to unmanned, and how do we get to a place that keeps Government out of involvement as much as possible, so that we maximize individual freedom without in any way interrupting commercial flight or noncommercial flight.    And so, I was intrigued by what my colleague from California had gotten at, and my colleague from North Carolina. How do we come up with something that is really simple, whether that is the kind of legislation you talked about, so that you don't end up with a bunch of, you know, things being tacked on to this equipment that raises the price, that keeps, frankly, many consumers out of the marketplace? How do you keep up with some massive database? And then we got to hire more bureaucrats to cover the database, watch the 90 percent of folks who wouldn't be a problem. How do we do something quite simple, whether that is the Garamendi language, or something else?    And I guess I would begin with you. Any ideas from your end, Doctor, on something that you may have seen in a different country as a best practice, or something that you may have heard about in talking with other colleagues that would, indeed, be minimally invasive?    Mr. Sanford. But if I understand it right, it wouldn't solve the problem of, you know, you go to 400 feet, but if you are 400 feet off final, then you got a problem.    Mr. Sanford. OK, that would be your vote.    Mr. Sanford. Let's just--we will keep it moving. Mr. Hanson, your thought? Quick thought. Most simple remedy would be what?    Mr. Sanford. Community-based model. Captain Canoll?    Mr. Sanford. Code. Mr. Hubbard?    Mr. Sanford. Mr. Whitaker?    Mr. Sanford. I very much like that idea of industry standard versus Government edict.    One quick question, because I see I am down to 52 seconds. And I guess this would be directed to you, Mr. Hanson. Going back to that idea of industry standard, how would you describe the way in which AMA develops and educates its members and the general public about certain modeling guidelines and safety at large?    You know, you talk about community standard, you talk about sort of industry standard. How do you all do that, presently?    Mr. Sanford. I see I have 1 second left, Mr. Chairman. Well, down to zero.