    Mr. Murphy. All right. Good morning. I apologize for the delay, but we are here now. This is the hearing on the ``Oversight Failures Behind the Radiological Incident at DOE's Waste Isolation Pilot Plant.''    Today we will review a costly series of oversight failures at two important Department of Energy sites. These failures contributed to a radiological leak last year at one of the sites, the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, known as WIPP, which serves to dispose in mined salt caverns certain types of radiological waste from our Nation's nuclear weapons programs.    This leak, along with a separate truck fire the week before, exposed management and oversight shortcomings both at WIPP and at one of the Nation's premier national laboratories, the Los Alamos National Laboratory. Los Alamos, it turns out, was the source of the radiological material and the errors that caused a reaction in the material that burst a container in WIPP's underground facility.    Since the incident, WIPP has been shut down, and the Department has embarked on remediation, training, and rebuilding that will cost taxpayers an estimated $240 million just to restart limited operations next year. All told, it may ultimately cost more than $500 million before full operations are estimated to commence in 2018, and there are reports of DOE fines or settlements of some $73 million.    This was no small oversight failure, and the issues we will examine today raise broader questions about the state of the Department's oversight framework for operations and its various cleanup at nuclear sites.    The root cause of the radiological incident was established in a DOE report this past April. Basically, hundreds of containers were inappropriately packaged for WIPP disposal by workers at Los Alamos. They packaged waste mixtures with organic absorbants, which created reactive and ignitable waste forms.    The specific culprit was off-the-shelf organic kitty litter, and the use of this organic material was traced to someone writing down ``organic'' instead of ``inorganic''--a simple human error. But this is more than what happens when you don't pay attention in high school chemistry and spelling classes. This failure to catch an error reflected a much larger systemic failure.    Two years before the incident, Los Alamos actually stopped work that had been mixing waste with organics precisely because of the reactivity and ignition risks. The lab's so-called Difficult Waste Team, along with Federal site officials, directed a safety process change that would use inorganics as absorbants.    The problem was, over the next year and a half, no one in management or among Federal overseers made sure the new procedures were followed, so what they thought was fixed wasn't. And no one in management or at the Federal level reviewed the process to determine why workers had been creating dangerous mixtures in the first place--a basic practice of an effective safety system.    As the Los Alamos Lab's own review noted, the fact that so many critical management, safety, and oversight mechanisms all failed simultaneously over an extended period of time are of significant concern.    Also of significant concern are patterns of oversight failure found to have occurred at the WIPP site. For example, at WIPP, both the contractor and Feds failed to identify or fix shortcomings in equipment and degraded conditions in the mine over a period of years. These errors led to the environmental release and added tens of millions to the cost of recovery operations.    The failures at these sites contribute to a long story of DOE struggles to conduct adequate oversight of its management and operating contractors, which are responsible for much of the core activities of the Department.    Just over 2 years ago, DOE and National Nuclear Security Administration, NNSA, officials came before this committee to explain security failures at the Y-12 National Security Site in Tennessee. The failures were notoriously exposed when several elderly peace activists penetrated the security perimeter of the most secure section of the site.    What was clear from that incident sounds very familiar today: What the Feds thought was working wasn't. Site officials trusted that contractors were doing what they were supposed to do without checking. Federal line oversight had failed.    We were told then that the successful reliance on department contractors depends on strong and clear lines of accountability and on meaningful and consistent measurement of contractor performance. We were promised that actions would be taken to address the shortcomings. Yet we have again learned from GAO that the DOE and NNSA have yet to make significant progress to make the necessary reforms with regard to measurement of contractor performance, and this is not acceptable.    Today we will hear from department officials and the GAO, all of whom can explain the costly oversight failures at WIPP and Los Alamos, what is being done, and what must be done to fix these problems at the sites and across the complex. I hope this hearing helps to identify what is necessary for DOE to develop an oversight system that can effectively identify, address safety issues and security issues before they become costly mistakes.    Mr. Murphy. I now recognize the ranking member from Colorado, Ms. DeGette, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlelady yields back.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Tennessee and the vice chair of the full committee, Mrs. Blackburn, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back.    We are waiting for the ranking member, Mr. Pallone, to come in, but while we are waiting for him, I thought I would at least take the time to introduce the witnesses, unless anybody else on this side wants the rest of his time? I suspect not.    All right. We will save some time here.    Today's panel is the Honorable Madelyn Creedon, the Principal Deputy Administrator for the National Nuclear Security Administration.    Welcome.    Mark Whitney, the Acting Assistant Secretary for the Office of Environmental Management at the Department of Energy.    Mr. Whitney is also accompanied by Theodore Wyka--did I pronounce that correctly?--the Chairperson of the Accident Investigation Board and the Chief Nuclear Officer in DOE's Office of Environmental Management.    We also have Allison Bawden, the Acting Director of the Natural Resources and Environment team at the Government Accountability Office.    Maybe I will just proceed, if that is OK with you, Ms. DeGette----    Mr. Murphy . Just to go ahead and start with the swearing in?    Mr. Murphy. All right. So let's do that.    So you are aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing and, when doing so, has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have an objection to testifying under oath?    Everyone agrees to do that.    The Chair then advises you that, under the rules of the House and rules of the committee, you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel today?    All the witnesses say no.    In that case, if you will please rise and raise your right hand, and I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. The witnesses have answered ``yes,'' so you are now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in Title 18, section 1001 of the United States Code.    I will let our first witness start a 5-minute summary. At any point, we may have the ranking member then give--so I will recognize you now, Ms. Creedon, for 5 minutes.    If you want to turn on the mic, pull it close, and watch the lights in front of you.    Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Whitney, we will have you go next.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Wyka, we understand you are not testifying today but you are going to be available to answer questions. Thank you.    Ms. Bawden, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    I now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for his opening statement of 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    The gentleman yields back.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    First of all, Mr. Wyka, you ran the Accident Investigation Board and determined that the radiological incident was preventable. Am I correct?    Mr. Murphy. And you also determined the systemic root cause was that site offices, or the Feds, I think you said failed to ensure that Los Alamos adequately implemented hazard controls in waste packaging. Is that correct?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    And that contributing cause was failure of oversight from line officers at headquarters; is that correct?    Mr. Murphy. So multiple levels of failures of oversight.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Ms. Creedon and Mr. Whitney, if you could answer this, too. Do either of you have any disagreements with the Department's Accident Investigation Board findings?    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Whitney?    Mr. Murphy. So you agree that this incident was preventable if handled differently?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now, Ms. Creedon, you were confirmed for your position last July 2014, but you actually have long experience with DOE and NNSA and are generally familiar with the Department's oversight challenge. Is that a fair statement?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    So testimony before this committee over the years has identified numerous security problems--you heard that stated by multiple members up here--but also safety process problems at Los Alamos which go back 15 years. And we heard a partial list in the GAO testimony this morning.    To take another example, in testimony just 2 years ago, we learned that the Los Alamos site office--the Feds had closed half of 62 safety system corrective actions without adequate verifications.    So is it truly any surprise to you that Los Alamos Feds did not know that workers spent a year and a half incorrectly mixing hundreds of barrels of radiological waste?    Mr. Murphy. So, along those lines, let me probe a little bit deeper. So, from your experience, what is it that makes ensuring effective safety systems oversight so difficult to sustain at Los Alamos?    Mr. Murphy. So it being low--well, I see I am out of time. I will follow up with that later on. Thank you.    Ms. DeGette, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. We let you go because it was important questions you were asking.    Dr. Burgess, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize Mr. Pallone for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    Now I recognize Mr. Bucshon for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back now.    Now we recognize Mrs. Brooks for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now I recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Creedon, just to clarify, who was in charge at the time this last problem occurred? Who had your position as a Principal Deputy Administrator of NNSA?    Mr. Murphy. And, Mr. Whitney, who had your position at that time?    Mr. Murphy. Oh, Neile Miller.    Mr. Murphy. OK.    Mr. Whitney, I just want to make sure I understand who was in charge. Because Mr. Collins is bringing up a question. I just want to know what was the chain of command at that time.    Mr. Murphy. And, Mr. Whitney, about your position?    Mr. Murphy. It doesn't sound like anybody was in charge at the time.    Mr. Green, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Now we welcome and recognize Mr. Lujan for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. And I want to offer my gratitude not only for your offer, but your continued help for this subcommittee. We recognize your concern about your district there, as is the other members from the other districts which this covers.    And along those lines, Ms. DeGette, I would like to get on the record a request that we discussed as a sidebar, that this subcommittee continues to follow up. And we would ask the support of the Department of Energy not just in the hearing mode, but really we want to continue oversight and briefings with you and get some updates. We know your invoking a lot of changes, but we recognize these problems have gone on too long, too far.    We appreciate your candor. I will tell you, nothing goes better than having a committee hearing where people come in here and say, ``We have got a problem.'' That is helpful. And we recognize your motivation in trying to fix this. We want to continue to work with you, so we would like to have further briefings in the future.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    We do appreciate it. Let everybody know at GAO that we find your reports very valuable and pretty straightforward. So thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Along those lines, too, I also ask unanimous consent that the contents of the document binder be introduced into the record and to authorize staff to make any appropriate redactions. And without objection, the documents will be entered into the record with any redaction the staff determines are appropriate. \1\---------------------------------------------------------------------------    \1\ The information has been retained in committee files and also is available at  http://docs.house.gov/Committee/Calendar/ByEvent.aspx?EventID=103595.---------------------------------------------------------------------------    Mr. Murphy. In conclusion, I want to thank all the witnesses. Thank you so much for your participation in today's hearing. It has been very helpful.    And I remind members, they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record. And I ask all that the witnesses all agree to respond promptly to the questions.    And with that, this hearing is adjourned.