    Dr. Dzau. Good afternoon, Chairman Smith, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Subcommittee Members. As you heard, I'm Victor Dzau. I'm the President of the Institute of Medicine, which will soon be named the National Academy of Medicine on July 1.    I'm pleased to be here on behalf of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. The Academies operate under a Congressional Charter signed by Abraham Lincoln to provide advice to the Nation on matters where science, technology, and medicine can solve complex challenges and thereby improve people's lives.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today about this very important matter of human gene editing and the major initiative that we have at the National Academies launched to help guide decision-making in this area.    The Academies have an established record of leadership on advising on emerging and often controversial areas of science, particularly genetic research, such as recombinant DNA and stem cell research. Our initiative is marshaling the best scientific evidence, medical, ethical, legal, and other expertise to help you and the Nation obtain a thorough understanding of gene editing and its potential risks and benefits. Our work is intended to provide a solid foundation to help inform decisions and policies on this research.    As you will hear from other witnesses today, gene editing technology holds great promise. In fact, powerful new tools such as CRISPR/Cas9 developed by my colleague Dr. Doudna and others, as well as other genetic engineering technology, allow researchers now to precisely modify the genetic makeup of any living organism, including humans. The possible benefit application for such technologies are many. They could offer a cure to devastating genetic diseases such as Huntington's disease, as you heard, or sickle cell anemia. It can help improve and understand the treatment of many other illnesses.    These technologies also present complex challenges both to scientific and medical communities and to society as a whole. Of particular concern is the potential to make permanent modification to human DNA in nuclei of eggs, sperm, or human embryos that are then passed down to succeeding generations known as germline gene editing. Research that attempts to alter the human germline raises important issues in so many different ways about safety, risk, social, economic, ethical, and regulatory considerations. So although more remains to be done before these technologies can be deployed safely, their availability certainly intensifies this debate among scientists and physicians about such research.    Here in the United States there are legislative prohibitions on the use of federal funds for research of human embryos and there exist constraints on such research when subject to oversight by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration or other government agencies. These constraints, however, do not apply to work done internationally without federal funds and without the intent to seek federal approval of any product of that research. So clearly, we have reached a critical juncture in genetic editing research and guidance is needed.    The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine are prepared to provide that guidance based on an in-depth review of science underlying gene editing, the potential benefits, and the valid concerns raised by this research. Toward that end, our initiative on human gene editing research is already underway. Just last week, we held the first meeting of a multidisciplinary advisory group that will help us steer our initiative and ensure the Academies' efforts are comprehensive, inclusive, and transparent.    Since much of this research is done internationally, the Academies will convene a global summit to obtain multinational perspectives on recent scientific development in human gene editing and the associated ethical and governance issues. Concurrently, we'll appoint an expert committee to conduct a comprehensive study of the scientific underpinning and clinical, ethical, legal, and social implications of human gene editing. We hope that we will come up with recommendations which can inform the Nation for decisions in this area.    All of us--scientists, physicians, policymakers, and public--want to do everything possible to ensure the scientific and medical breakthroughs benefit all of mankind and do no harm. The Academies are certainly ready to help.    I would be very happy to answer any questions the Subcommittee may have. Thank you.    Dr. Dzau. I'd like to echo what Dr. Doudna said. I think we at the Academies feel very privileged to be asked by the scientists--Ralph Cicerone, the President of National Academy of Science, myself, got lots of phone calls and emails to say, you know, the Academy really should take this on because we have done so in the past, as you heard, during the time of recombinant DNA, Asilomar conference, the human cloning, and also the whole issue of stem cell guidelines, as well as mapping the human genome. So we have to do this.    I think that in the context of what's being discussed, it's really important that we have people from all different disciplines, not only scientists but ethicists, legal experts, medical physicians, and others all engage in this discussion because at the end of the day what we want to do is to find what appears to be the consensus of what the right thing to do is for our country and so we look forward to working on this.    Dr. Dzau. So the National Academies' position is that we need to be thoughtful, comprehensive, scientifically driven, and independent so we are convening those bodies and obviously supporting the idea that we should be very cautious. We have not actually taken the position per se because until our work is done, you know, we would be looking at what the most objective way to approach this when our work is done.    So I think some of these meetings are critically important and important in the sense that we need international scientists to be involved with this conversation as well. We have in fact on our advisory board scientists from the Royal Society in London, scientists from the Chinese Academy of Science involved with this conversation because it's really critical to consider all aspects.    As Dr. McNally pointed out, you know, if you're using certain conditions, I think we have no doubt that this would be enormously helpful to patients and to mankind. The question is what are the areas we need to be concerned about?    That being said, I think technology is still early because even when you look at the Chinese publication, they were looking at incomplete editing and many other issues that research has to go forward to understand the safety, the off-target effects, and the efficacy before human application. So that's our position.    Dr. Dzau. Well, I totally agree with my colleagues and they're particularly emphasizing support for basic research because if you think about this technology, it was done on bacteria, and without thinking of application human and look where it is today. And we can count so many important breakthroughs that come this way. So the ability to support fundamental basic research is critically important.    Also, I think along the issues about saving human lives, creating jobs, is our global competitiveness situation, we are truly concerned that we don't continue this level of investment that the United States becomes less competitive than many other countries which are investing heavily into basic and translational research.    Dr. Dzau. Well, the intention is that when you get scientists, regulators, ethicists together from different countries, I think responsible individuals would begin to talk about what would be responsible behavior. That I believe is the starting point. And I do agree with you that we have some differences in the regulation. But I think overall in the issue we're talking about today, which is the application in germline gene editing, I have a sneaking suspicion--although I don't want to fully predict this until the work is done--there's great agreement about the concern about creating successive generations of individuals whose genes have been altered. So I have a feeling that we actually will get agreement if not harmonization of many of these thoughts, and certainly it's our hope that we will reach that in our initiative.    Dr. Dzau. I'd like Jeff to answer this as well because, as you heard, he's in the midst of leading one of our initiatives on mitochondria DNA replacement.    Dr. Dzau. But I think we very much look into what is the right regulatory framework particularly for issues like this, and I would say that, you know--and because he would have an opinion but my feeling is that this work needs to be done to get better clarity about when and how we would regulate some of these areas.    Dr. Dzau. Well, we're starting with getting the major science academies involved so we have the National Academy of Science and Medicine in the United States; we have the Chinese Academy of Science where you would think that they have tremendous influence on the way the conduct of science is being carried out. We have the Royal Society and we intend to include many international bodies.    So I think the starting point clearly is with the scientists saying what would be the right thing to do. One can imagine that we may have to escalate this conversation further depending on our findings.    I just want to point out the question that you asked, which is the regulation aspect of this. In fact, you know, we do need a lot more clarity in this country. We haven't talked about the use of gene editing in nonhuman cells, plants, insects, and those changes are--that science is really ongoing. We are producing possibly new species that would turn around much faster because of a much shorter cycle time, reproductive time. So that regulation also has to come in to say what in fact is considered safe and what's considered as environmentally sound. And in fact the National Academies is also looking at a study looking at this issue. And as you know, in this country the USDA and FDA are involved with animal and plant regulations. So we're also trying to give the right recommendation to fortify our regulatory processes.    The final question you asked earlier about what the right thing to do is I think from our perspective at the National Academies I think our first issue is human protection and doing the right thing for society. I understand of course the potential loss of scientists, et cetera, but I do think that we have to actually take the high road to say what's right for us first. And I have a feeling everything else would follow and fall in the right place.    Dr. Dzau. More.    Dr. Dzau. Dr. Dzau. We are convening an international summit in the fall--late fall and that should be a--I think really an important meeting that will get together international scientists. As you heard from our previous experience at Asilomar in the 1970s, you know, one would engage in the discussions that Dr. Doudna and McNally and Kahn put forth, and hopefully the findings of that meeting will be published very shortly after that.    Perhaps equally important is a concurrent deep-dive study which we're conducting that would involve analysis, research, the assessment of risk/benefits, as well as a regulatory framework and ethical issues, and that usually--what we call a consensus report would take as long as about a year, although we're hoping that we would try to move it faster for exactly the reasons that we've been talking about. Such a report with very specific recommendations which we're willing to put forward under both public hearing and also closed discussions will be available to you, to the Nation, and to many others. So I could say the time frame is late fall to sometime next year but hopefully as early as we possibly can to put out that report.    Dr. Dzau. This is exactly why we need a summit, a meeting first, where key scientists--and we're going to engage a large number--will discuss about what would be considered as good conduct, good oversight, understanding risk, et cetera, so that the scientific community which is really driving most of this research understands those issues and have in general agreement.    We also believe of course in our study itself that becomes a definitive document by which you and others can be informed to say what are the right decisions based on consensus.    Dr. Dzau. Well, you know, as you already heard, I think there are many responsible scientists, particularly the ones who are leading this field, who feel already that we should, you know, put a moratorium and not slow it down. So I do believe that already going into this meeting, although there may be many different opinions, there's probably general agreement that we need to slow down this area until we have a much clearer point of view about where we should be going and the clarity in terms of regulation.    The problem I'm concerned about is that we rush into this too fast. We don't really want to and it's such an important issue. We've got to be very thoughtful. That being said, we understand the time urgency of the issue--situation.    Dr. Dzau. We certainly hope so, and in fact I was on the advisory group. Our intention is that in an international summit we include a lot more scientists from Asia and every part of the world, Europe, et cetera, to be part of this discussion.    You know, it's interesting when we think back on U.S.'s position. You know, when the Asilomar Conference come about, the United States was the main show in town about technology, so among the U.S. scientists, you can imagine there's agreements, you know, so there's a general way of saying, you know, what do we do next? Here, we really need to include international scientists.    Dr. Dzau. You know, I'm not that familiar with the regulation at this point in China. As you heard from my colleague, Dr. Kahn, there is some speculation over what's there and what's not there. I think we would hope that that meeting will bring out with clarity what each country's position is, what's the regulatory position, what's the scientific position so that we can all come together and examine this together.    Dr. Dzau. I think it would be outstanding in fact if we got a letter from Congress on this. We took this upon ourselves as a National Academy because that's what we do, and we know it's the right thing to do. We have the support of scientists and others to say go forward. But I think it would be tremendously impactful if Congress would provide us with that kind of support a mandate to go forward with this.    Dr. Dzau. This in fact is a very important area. Today we're talking about human genome editing but I'm glad you raised the question about the usage in other living organisms. Mr. Sherman asked about, you know, what will be the misuse, if you will, but we do have to think about, you know, the use in plants, insects, et cetera, you know, what happens if there's misuse and what would happen to the environmental impact and who actually gets to decide who's going to do what? And there are more commercial sources I believe--opportunity for commercialization in changing coffee beans or whatever that you can imagine.    So this is an area that in fact--called gene drive that, again, National Academies are looking very carefully at this and how to regulate this. So I do think this is to me a very important area even though our focus is on human gene editing.    Dr. Dzau. Certainly our intention, if you look carefully at the way we put our advisory committee together, we have people who have great industry experience on it and our intention is to include industry and, you know, people in the commercial sector to be in this discussion.    Dr. Dzau. Mr. Foster, as I mentioned, I think the National Academies is undertaking such a study. We'd be happy to send you all the materials, and in fact, as we look at what we are potentially covering and not covering, we can have a conversation about what else should be done.    Dr. Dzau. Yes.