    Mr. Roy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to share the views of the Natural Resources Defense Council on grid-enabled water heaters which we believe present a promising opportunity for a more efficient, more economic, and ultimately lower emissions electricity system overall. We really appreciate your leadership on this issue and your sponsorship of this bill.    In brief, NRDC supports H.R. 906 to allow continued production, use, and evaluation of grid-enabled water heaters. One of NRDC's top institutional priorities is creating and facilitating a clean energy future, and to that end we have long supported and advocated for greater energy efficiency, greater productivity, and using Federal energy appliance standards as one tool in the portfolio for getting there.    Given our longstanding support for stronger energy efficiency, it may seem surprising that we support this legislation, which allows for continued production of electric resistance water heaters that may use double or more the energy of a heat pump water heater that would otherwise be required. But there is a good reason. We explored the opportunities. We talked to our colleagues here and many others in manufacturing and among utilities, and we found the case persuasive. We worked with these colleagues from manufacturing, utilities, other efficiency and environmental organizations, and we came up with an approach that delivers on the opportunity for efficiency savings and delivers on the opportunity for grid-interactive water heating, demand response and ancillary services. It doesn't undermine the opportunities from the efficiency standards. This language is a product of that work.    I have to say as a bit of an aside, sometimes when a lot of folks get together, it is hard work to come up with something that we can all agree on. We come with different perspectives. And sometimes that goes into an abyss. We never hear anything from it again. And it is so pleasing to see something like H.R. 906. I really do appreciate the effort. We see the result of our hard work, and it kind of encourages us at NRDC to do more of that, reaching out to other parties, and I really do appreciate that. I know I burned some time on that, but it is really important.    The key opportunity here is, as my colleagues have already expressed, is the achievement of benefits at a system level. Federal energy appliance standards focus on the component level. We recognize the difference. We are looking towards having while maybe more energy use, having that energy use at more attractive times, lower cost, lower emissions, overall just a much better outcome. We are very keen on that. We recognize that that is the opportunity that is presented by this water heater energy storage, this large battery as my colleagues have said. We are very keen on it.    One of the key elements of H.R. 906 that we are so delighted by is that it allows for, really encourages, much more analysis of consumer and environmental impacts from grid-enabled water heaters. It is built right in. There is so much to be learned about the effectiveness of these water heaters. Actually, there is so much to be learned about not just grid-enabled water heaters but about heat pump water heaters and what might be done to optimize our energy use delivering the greatest consumer and environmental outcomes.    We are at a really early stage analytically. It is inherently complex. There are a lot of other water heater technologies existing and emerging. Conditions in Mr. Connett's area are different from conditions in the Pacific Northwest, and those are different from those in the South. Getting analysis right is not always that easy, but it is really worth doing for water heaters. They are 15 percent or more of residential energy use. They are big. If we get this one right, even small improvements can deliver great consumer and environmental outcomes.    One issue that is often on some people's minds is whether this grid-enabled water heater legislation will pose a problem for heat pump water heaters. We don't think that is the case. We think that grid-enabled water heaters, this legislation, focuses on a fairly small market segment where heat pump water heaters may not be most well-suited and in fact, the attention to water heating, the further analysis that will come from this, may actually end up delivering much more advance in all sorts of water heater technologies, both in development of technologies and understanding them and deploying them through good utility programs and consumer choices.    I think that is really pretty much all I want to say. I can talk a little bit more about our long and abiding love for Federal energy standards as one of the tools in the portfolio that give us a more efficient, economic future, but I think that is already on the record pretty well. I appreciate the opportunity.    Mr. Rush. Thank you. Mr. Roy, are you convinced that this bill will have a positive impact on both consumers and the environment by allowing the use of grid-enabled water heaters?    Mr. Roy. Yes, I am, sir. I believe the light that will be shown on this opportunity for grid-enabled water heaters, the analysis that will come with it will focus a lot of attention. So we will get benefits not just directly from the application of grid-enabled water heaters as they are called for here, but I think we will have more utilities, more demand response service providers and aggregators for utilities. I see that we have a representative from a Pennsylvania, a PJM, transmission organization in the room here today. We will have much more attention on the broader set of opportunities that are available in water heating.    I think the direct and spillover effects both can be great from this. I know my organization will be working hard with all these parties to see what can we do now that we have something that is powerful and productive in this space? How can we really work forward and help each other with the programs, help deliver better consumer and environmental outcomes?    Mr. Rush. Thank you. Let me ask across the table. Is there anyone who has any concerns with this bill in thinking that it may have unintended consequences that we have not covered today? Does anyone of you all think that there is anything that we haven't focused on, that we haven't covered, that may have an unintended consequence that we should be aware of?    Mr. Roy. I think we always find some unintended consequences in most things we do, either as actions or through inaction. What is important is that we are aware of it, are responsive, and we work forward.    What we have here is an industry segment and a degree of attention that I think will help us all address any unintended consequences in a timely fashion and deal with those and move onto the great opportunities that are available.    Mr. Roy. Yes, there is a clear requirement for labeling that is permanent, water resistant. They will know for a long time. Also importantly, they won't be that readily available unless they are part of a utility program because there is a lock-and-key arrangement required by the legislation.    Mr. Roy. There have been a series of efficiency standards on increasing numbers----    Mr. Roy . In 1987, signed into law by President Reagan. This is an update on the water heater standards that were first put in then.    Mr. Roy. Yes.    Mr. Roy. The technology is moving at a quick pace but in part because of this. I think the major manufacturers now are introducing products. Vaughn is introducing great new products in the heat pump water heater space and condensing gas water heaters. It really is moving.    Mr. Roy. We talked to the other stakeholders, the manufacturers, the utilities consumer groups, other efficiency environment groups after it was brought to our attention that there was a challenge with the DOE standard. We heard what they said. It made sense to us. So we worked together to support a waiver approach by DOE under their existing legislation. We would still like to see that move forward.