    Mr. Sarbanes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thanks to the panel.    So I mean I think your last answer was actually a pretty good one in terms of the desire to have things move efficiently and timely, and I don't begrudge my colleagues' aspiration for all of this process to happen more quickly. The problem is that if you put some of these fixed timelines in place, not only is there the issue that Congressman Tonko mentioned, which is where maybe FERC is being asked or compelled to substitute its expertise for that of other agencies in some instances, but if there is a timeline being put in place, that is a process thing, but it can have an impact on the substantive issues that need to be addressed. Most of the conversation here has related to the relationship between FERC and other federal agencies in terms of trying to get whatever review they are undertaking as part of a project done in a timely way, and the goal here is to give FERC the ability to kind of ride heard over that process and kind of corral the other agencies into a more expedited time frame. But as I understand it, Ms. Miles, it also has implications for state-level reviews and permits that would be issued as well, is that correct?    Ms. Miles. Yes, there are several federal authorizations that are carried out by state agencies, like the water quality certification under the Clean Water Act.    Mr. Sarbanes. Right, and my concern is that states are doing their best in a lot of these instances where they have been given responsibility on the environmental front, certainly, to make sure that these projects are being done in a way that don't negatively impact the environment there in the state. And that capacity is being pulled away from them if there is some kind of a requirement that the whole process be finished within a certain period of time. And what I don't quite understand is oftentimes, our colleagues on the other side are complaining about when the Federal Government gets in the way of the states being able to carry out things at the state level that they think are important to them, but the effect of this statute or bill, if it were to be passed, would actually supplant a lot of the states' ability to fulfill its obligations to its own residents to make sure things are being put in place.    Specifically, there is a project in Maryland right now, the Conowingo Dam, where certification from FERC has been forthcoming, but there is still some review that the Maryland Department of the Environment needs to do to make sure that the water quality standards are being met, and the ultimate relicensing is conditioned upon that permit being issued. And Exelon Corporation, which owns the Conowingo Dam, has undertaken to do a study. They have agreed to do that. That process is moving forward. If we had the kind of regime that is contemplated by this statute in place, there could be the potential situation where, because Maryland wasn't moving fast enough to adhere to some time frame that was being imposed upon them by FERC, Exelon would have the opportunity to come in and sue as a result of them failing to meet that timeline. And then you are undermining the concerns of Maryland residents in terms of the environment. So I just wanted to point out that it has significant implications for the kind of state-level review that is important to conduct.    And, Governor LePage, I thank you for your testimony. I understand the frustration, if you are looking at like a small dam and you just want to get generation put on top of it, as you said, and the process seems to go on and on forever. But I think the agency--Ms. Miles spoke to the fact that projects that are less complex can be handled in a more expedited way. We can maybe look at how to help with that dimension of things without imposing across the board this kind of time restriction, which could either have the effect of the agency saying, you know what, we can't get done in time so we will just say no, which wouldn't be good as a result, or issuing some kind of permit without really there being a good basis for it, and then there be consequences down the line. So I think we have to be very careful about that.    Governor LePage. Well, there are two things about that. Number 1 is, on the pipeline we are talking one thing, which are usually much larger. Give you an example of what we are talking about, these little dams. Take a farmer who is farming 100 acres of potatoes, and he has a little pond, he has a little dam on his property to have pond for irrigation, he could put a little generator on that and use the power from the dam for his irrigation. FERC has to be involved in that. That power is going to be used on the farm. It is like a little windmill on your farm. That is all we are asking about. Don't believe FERC should be involved in that. I will also say one other thing. I can't speak for the other 49 states, but I guarantee you in the State of Maine, we will beat the Federal Government every time in getting permits.