    Ms. Tierney. Thank you so much, Chairman Lummis, Ranking Member Lawrence and subcommittee members. It is very nice to be here today. Thank you very much.    As you know, the EPA has responsibility under the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act to protect the public from harmful discharges of pollutants into the Nation's air and waterways.    In the decade since these Federal laws were enacted, they have led to improvements in the public s health and protected the Nation's natural resources on which our entire economy depends. As scientific information has evolved over time, as has technology, so has the administration of these Federal laws.    I am a former Environmental Secretary and energy regulator in the State of Massachusetts where I was appointed by both Republicans and Democrats. I have direct familiarity with administering Federal and State laws to protect the environment and energy markets.    Since leaving government, I have been a consultant and worked for a wide variety of clients looking at energy markets, State environmental laws, Federal environmental laws, local economies and impacts on consumers of a variety of different public policies.    The three proposed EPA regulations under discussion today are important regulations from a public health point of view, but are also important for local economies and economic development.    First, clarifying the scope of Federal jurisdictions and consistency of treatment of waterways across the Nation helps to provide appropriate signals to private actors about what they can expect when States review their economic development activities. Lack of clear rules is known to chill economic development.    Second, ensuring that ozone standards remain up to date and consistent with the evolving State of knowledge in the scientific community is critically important for public health and for local economies as well.    Economic impact analyses that fail to look at the benefits to public health are inherently inconsistent with what the ozone standard is all about, which is public health.    Third, the rest of my testimony will focus on the EPA's proposed Clean Power Plan. The EPA is required to establish emissions controls on the power sector. In doing so, the EPA has adopted a regulatory approach that offers significant flexibility to the States to fashion their own plans to control emissions from power plants in ways that work well for their economies.    Having a reliable and efficient electric industry is critically important for Americans and the U.S. economy and so is addressing carbon pollution. In that context, the EPA's proposal is critically important.    The Supreme Court has said that greenhouse gases are an air pollutant under the Clean Air Act. The American power sector represents the Nation's largest source of greenhouse gas emissions. Americans are feeling the effects of costly climate change already.    The power sector in the United States emits 1 out of every 15 tons of pollutants anywhere in the globe. It is a major source of the global warming emissions and is costly for climate change.    Equally important is assurance that the electric system is reliable and it is affordable. Fortunately, EPA's proposal allows States to adopt approaches that minimize the Clean Power Plan's cost to consumers.    In the past year, I have co-authored three reports on EPA's proposed impacts on consumers and electric system reliability. In researching the newest one of those reports, which we issued last week and which I have attached to my testimony, my colleagues and I read a significant number of the comments that have been filed on the EPA's proposal.    We found that many studies and comments incorrectly presume that the rule will be inflexibly implemented, which is opposite to the way it has been designed. The assumptions are worse case scenarios and assume that the private sector will idlely stand by as will regulators rather than doing their jobs to make sure the impacts are at least cost and that there are reliable outcomes. There is no historical basis for those sets of assumptions.    The issues will be solved by a dynamic interplay of actions by regulators and market participants with solutions proceeding in parallel. Indeed, this dynamic interplay is the reason why a recent survey of 400 utility executives in the United States said they support the proposed Clean Power Plan and the emissions targets.    Finally, the electric industry is undergoing major change as we know. Those changes are from the shale gas revolution, its price pressure on coal in many parts of the country, the domestic supply of renewable energy in vast parts of the United States, aging infrastructure and a significant growth in energy productivity.    These shifts are underway and are causing enormous changes in the industry. Had the EPA never proposed the Clean Power Plan, we would be seeing many and the same kinds of directions we are seeing in the U.S. electric sector in any event.    Thank you very much.    Ms. Tierney. Yes.    Ms. Tierney. I would agree with that.    Ms. Tierney. Yes, from my experience in administering such environmental laws, that was clearly the case. I can't tell you the number of times various parties talked about the need to clarify the rules.    Ms. Tierney. Yes.    Ms. Tierney. I did not have that fact at my fingertips. I would love to see the reference to it.    Ms. Tierney. No, but I know that energy resources of every kind, especially fossil fuels have hazardous impacts of the nature you are describing.    Ms. Tierney. That would really surprise me to learn.    Ms. Tierney. I understand that the EPA's proposal is based on scientific evidence of the relationship between water systems, wetlands and a variety of other things into navigable waters of the United States.    Ms. Tierney. I understand there are navigable waterways of the United States that are in the interior of the United States because they cross interState commerce and a variety of other things.    Ms. Tierney. I think that is a facetious question.    Ms. Tierney. I don't have any information about a puddle that you are describing. I understand that the EPA's proposal is based on scientific evidence.    Ms. Tierney. I think there is a problem with many of the assumptions about how the industry is going to respond to a signal saying that things need to be done differently in the future.    As I mentioned, many of the assumptions of the worst case studies are not realistic with what the cost impacts are likely to be at the moment. I say that knowing that EPA is very likely to make changes in its proposal. We don't know what those changes will look like. EPA has been very open in indicating they are learning from the millions of comments they have received.    They expect to provide a fundamentally flexible rule for people. That flexibility doesn't show up in many of the economic studies. That will be the essential way in which private investors, developers, homeowners who have drafty homes will be able to tighten those up and not use as much energy in the future.    Ms. Tierney. Sure. One would surely want to look at the public health impacts of a clean power plant or an ozone standard. Certainly the cost of the health care of American people is a cost and drag on our economy. Not looking at those doesn't provide a balanced picture of the impacts of the ozone standard.    Ms. Tierney. I understand that the U.S. Supreme Court has determined that it is a pollutant.    Ms. Tierney. Yes and I answered a minute ago that I thought it is, yes.    Ms. Tierney. Are you asking if it is physically in our atmosphere?    Ms. Tierney. I don't understand your question.    Ms. Tierney. Sure, but at high concentrations, we will have a greenhouse effect on the planet.    Ms. Tierney. Of course I am.    Ms. Tierney. And they are out of balance right now.    Ms. Tierney. I literally could not hear the question.    Ms. Tierney. I am not a scientist. I have a Ph.D. in Regional Planning.    Ms. Tierney. Of course, yes.    Ms. Tierney. I know the plant.    Ms. Tierney. One of the things you are asking me, I believe, is a legal opinion and I don't believe I am qualified to give you a legal opinion.    Ms. Tierney. Come on, sir. I am not a lawyer. I cannot. I cannot give a legal opinion.    Ms. Tierney. Is this a hypothetical question?    Ms. Tierney. I don't know the truth of it, so it is very difficult for me to answer that. I am not evading the question in any possible way.    Ms. Tierney. There must be an acoustical issue here in a bubble. Would you say your question again?    Ms. Tierney. I don't know about the particular thing you are describing, but when I was in State government, we had environment enforcement activities where we did have to go in and take control of people who were flagrantly violating the State and Federal laws. I know it does happen. I don't know about the particular case you are describing.    Ms. Tierney. My experience with that in the past is that other people are at risk of being exposed to hazardous pollutants and a variety of other things.    Ms. Tierney. Sir, there is no evidence that the Clean Power Plan will be 100 percent renewable. The Department of Energy has not stood for that position, nor has the Clean Power Plan at the EPA.    EPA estimates that at the end of the day, based on their analyses, there would be 30 percent of the Nation's power produced by coal. That is part of the outlook there. The integration of renewable energy is something that today, in the absence of the Clean Power Plan, the industry is already addressing and coping with and has plans for how they will continue to cope with integration of renewable energy.    Ms. Tierney. One of the wonderful things about natural gas as a fuel is it is very nimble to operate natural gas fire-powered plants. They integrate wonderfully with renewable energy projects.    A domestic fuel, like natural gas, which is so plentiful as a result of the shale gas revolution in providing low cost energy to the United States, is helping us with our grid reliability.    Ms. Tierney. That is absolutely not what I was saying. Both of them provide power to the grid, period.    Ms. Tierney. One of the wonderful things going on with innovation in the United States is tremendous research right now on storage. There are breakthroughs going on in small scale, large scale storage. That is happening in a variety of different places around the country.    Ms. Tierney. My understanding, having been an implementer of the Clean Air Act in Massachusetts for many years, is that every 5 years, the law requires the EPA to go through a process, advised by its Scientific Advisory Council, with regard to the extent to which its ambient air quality standards are adequate to protect public health.    That is the process they have gone through and have published proposals and have now revised those to tighten the ozone standard because of public health benefits that would accrue.    Ms. Tierney. That is right. I believe that the tens of millions of people who suffer from respiratory disease, breathing problems, heart problems, small birth weight, is above 100 million according to the American Lung Association. We are talking about a significant portion of the population which suffers from diseases tied to air quality.    Ms. Tierney. I am going to answer yes, because I know the process the EPA uses to examine the literature on what scientists are saying about the quality of air and the problems it is posing. As a result of that process, the advice they have been given has been to tighten the standard from 75 to between 65 and 70 ppm.    Ms. Tierney. Yes. As I said, as an administrator of Federal and State laws on the environment, it has been my experience that when there is gray area and a developer doesn't know or a private investor doesn't know how a law will be implemented in a particular case, it requires a lot of time and money to figure that out and it often does chill development.    Ms. Tierney. That is my understanding of the motivation of the EPA in doing this, yes.    Ms. Tierney. Certainly, there are countless examples where you could find that chain of events occurring where some actions one place could have downstream effects on peoples health.    Ms. Tierney. I agree with those propositions. I have seen those in effect in my experience. Flooding and wetland protection is enormously important. If it is damaged from one kind of pollutant or another, you have lots of havoc when there is storm surge or other kinds of things.    Ms. Tierney. Thinking of your own island is a great example. One of the reasons people are concerned about CO2 emissions is the growing concentration of those in the atmosphere and the clear evidence from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the U.S. National Climate Assessment about the fact we are already seeing the impacts of climate change in low lying areas and along coastal regions.    For example, sea level rise and a number of other things are real impacts on local economies. There are real impacts we are already picking up. There is no way we are going to avoid some continuing impacts associated with climate change. We are only talking about taking steps in the United States to do a piece of the action.    I hear and appreciate the concerns of many people that our poorest residents around the country are facing higher electricity bills, I am also aware they are going to face higher temperatures and need for air conditioning under extreme climate change events.    We are really talking about things where we try to protect one pocket of health care costs and other kinds of costs with another piece of impact on their energy costs. The net effect of those is supposed to be these are beneficial actions that the EPA is doing to protect Americans.    Ms. Tierney. I know that EPA's studies take a great care to look at the impacts on populations that are especially poor or exposed to air quality problems which often happens in poor urban areas that are close to cars or a lot of industrial activity. Yes, those are things that are trying to be avoided.