    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, gentlemen, for being before us. In reading through your statements and listening to some of what you have said, I am gathering that you are asking for more leeway. You are asking for more money. You are asking for less--not oversight--but less restrictions or requirements on how you spend the money. I am probably one of the few members here that gets to take a look at a lot of our classified programs where we spend, for lack of being able to talk about it in open session, billions and billions of dollars, where you have an incredible amount of leeway, lots of money, of ability to make prototypes, where it is okay to fail on our programs because we are investing for the future. We are trying new technologies. We are making new technologies. So if we would do that with more of our budget, if we would have more ability to fail, have less restrictions on the money, I think that I would see that as the American public seeing a lot more big failures from both our Pentagon and our military-industrial complex, which I think would undermine the confidence that Americans have in what we are doing with respect to defense.    And I have only to note, Mr. Chairman, the F-35 program, which was a very open program where we tried new things, like concurrently doing the development at the same time that we were producing the product, which led to $700 billion overrun and 7 years late, and we still have a lot of problems with it.    So I am trying to understand why you want more leeway. I think we need to have actually more oversight. I think we have to have a real audit of the Defense Department. I believe we really need to tighten down in a tough budgetary environment and make real choices. Choices aren't necessarily yours. They are what we do in the Congress. That is what we are supposed to do, but I would like you to speak to why advocate for more relaxation of requirements and regulation on how we ask you to spend this money?    Ms. Sanchez. So, therefore, you would agree that doing something like we did with the F-35, where we were concurrently developing it and at the same time producing it, is not the way to go, to stop going toward a major system until we do a little prototype of it? Is this what you are suggesting, sir?    Ms. Sanchez. Well, I will have to think about that because when I look at the classified arena, we, as you know, have a lot of failures in going forward with some of those prototypes. So I don't know that we would want to do that----    Ms. Sanchez. Chairman, I thank you, first of all, for the time. I think this is a very important issue for our committee to really take a look at if this is what we are become asked to do, and I think it would be very important also to get that briefing from a classified perspective to see the paths we have gone and have failed on because I think that is also a good indicator.    The Chairman. There is good, bad, and ugly examples in the classified arena, just as in the open arena.    Ms. Sanchez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Wittman.