    Ms. Buthker. Thank you.    Good afternoon, Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, and members of the subcommittee. I thank you for the opportunity to be here today to represent the Association of State and Territorial Solid Waste Management Officials and provide testimony.    Our membership includes managers from the state environmental protection programs, including those responsible for overseeing the restoration and reuse of current and former Federal facilities. While Ohio EPA is a member of ASTSWMO and I work for Ohio EPA, today I am here representing ASTSWMO.    While states do not assume primary CERCLA authority, we do play a role in implementation. States share a common goal with the Federal Government in ensuring that risks to human health and the environment are appropriately addressed. Like U.S. EPA's in NPL Federal facilities, the states' role is to ensure that remedies implemented will be protective of human health and the environment and in compliance with Federal and state law.    While states try to work in partnership with both the Federal agencies and U.S. EPA, there are times when we disagree on what cleanup standards should be used and what remedies should be implemented. For these partnerships to work, all parties must focus on the technical and practical issues rather than focusing on the legal authorities, including sovereign immunity. Discussions involving legal authorities lead to protracted posturing, no-win situations, and delayed investigation and cleanup of these facilities.    ASTSWMO has consistently supported any mechanism that encourages greater state collaboration with our Federal partners while ensuring that our voice and opinions are not diminished. ASTSWMO and our members actively engage with representatives of the U.S. EPA, DOD, DOE, and Federal land management agencies on national policy issues.    ASTSWMO has had a long history of working collaboratively with DOD that began in the 1990s. In recent years, DOD and the military components have worked closely with ASTSWMO and the states to effectively resolve issues concerning the investigation and remediation of their current and former facilities.    Since 2008, DOD and the military components have formed three different committees with states and ASTSWMO to resolve difficult challenges that were ongoing problems for several years. All three committees provide for collaboration among States and Federal agencies on several challenging cleanup issues, including remediation technologies and interim risk management, which can be especially challenging on property no longer owned by DOD.    ASTSWMO continues to support legislation that clarifies that Federal agencies, like private companies, are subject to appropriate state regulations. While ASTSWMO appreciates the leadership DOD has shown in recent years by focusing on resolving issues with states versus their legal authorities, this has not always been the case.    Throughout the years, states have had several experiences with Federal agencies being unwilling to ensure their investigation and cleanups were done in accordance with state regulations. When states tried to use their authorities to compel Federal agencies to comply with these laws, Federal agencies invoked sovereign immunity in an attempt to prevent state oversight.    Because of this, ASTSWMO has had longstanding policy positions opposing the assertion of sovereign immunity by Federal agencies. These positions have not changed over time, because our members continue to have experiences where Federal agencies use sovereign immunity to avoid compliance with state requirements. These experiences involve all Federal agencies, including DOD, the Department of Interior, and the Department of Agriculture.    For example, in 2013, ASTSWMO did a survey of state and Federal facility managers asking if they recently experienced Federal agencies' invoking sovereign immunity during the application, implementation, and enforcement of CERCLA or state regulations. Of the 19 states that responded, the states listed 12 cases where they had had such experiences.    And though Federal agencies have accomplished a great deal of cleanup at their facilities over the last 20 years, there are still difficult issues left to address, including complicated groundwater contamination, emerging contaminants unique to Federal facilities, and sites contaminated with munitions. Sovereign immunity could still be a barrier to states in ensuring compliance with state requirements and Federal agency decisions concerning such issues.    States need funding so that they can provide necessary resources to be engaged in Federal facility investigations and cleanups. Both DOD and DOE have programs that provide funding to states for their involvement in the investigation and cleanup of their facilities. These programs have provided numerous benefits to both these agencies and the states, including cost savings, reduced litigation, expedited cleanup, and increased public trust in their investigations and cleanups. ASTSWMO, therefore, supports legislation that requires Federal agencies to reimburse states for costs associated with state involvement and oversight.    Thank you for this opportunity to offer testimony, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have.    Ms. Buthker. No. I would say there is definitely a conflict. Because the Federal agencies, they are trying to look at the funding that they have and trying to do as much as they possibly can, and if they can put in a cheaper remedy at a facility than what maybe the state wants or the community wants, then they can use that money somewhere else. And so, definitely, there is a conflict.    Ms. Buthker. I would say, definitely what you see happening is, because of the cost issue, a lot of times Federal facilities will look at the state requirements and say, well, if I can whittle down these state requirements that I have to meet, then I might be able to implement a cheaper remedy.    So that definitely has that impact where you see that, and because they are lead agency and they are the final say on how that remedy is going to be implemented and what happens, then yes, the state can try to challenge that, but then that is when you have a situation with sovereign immunity. If the state says, well, I am going to sue you because you are not doing something consistent with what we would want you to do in this particular instance, they are like, OK, fine, sue me, but we have sovereign immunity.    Ms. Buthker. There has been a lot of progress made in Federal facility cleanups, not just in Ohio, but throughout all our member states have said that. And a good deal of it has to deal with the fact that we have been able to collaborate with DOD and DOE on the cleanups and work through these issues.    The problem, where it breaks down is when, whatever the Federal agency is all of a sudden decides that they don't want to collaborate anymore and they want it their way or the highway. And when that situation happens, then that is when we start having less progress. That is when we start getting into a lot more of these battles over jurisdiction.    But there has been a great deal of cleanup that has been done because states have been working collaboratively. Most Federal facilities are not on the NPL, so the state is the only regulatory agency involved.    Ms. Buthker. I would say that some of the successes that I have experienced--Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. And it was very much that collaboration of working with the Air Force, the state, and U.S. EPA together, focused on how do we do the cleanup quicker, easier, more efficient. And we did a lot of things there.    Several of our base closure sites in Ohio--Defense Electronic Supply Center, again, where we were working with not just U.S. EPA and the Air Force, but we were also working with the local community to ensure that, when that facility was cleaned up and transferred to them, that they could use it how they wanted to us it.    So, yes, there definitely are those experiences.    Ms. Buthker. Well, the biggest problem with it for states is that, when states inconsistently apply their cleanup regulations from private parties to Federal facilities, then the private parties can raise the issue about, why are you picking on me? We hear a lot about Federal agencies wanting to be treated by private parties, but when it really comes down to it, they don't necessarily want to do that.    How that also creates problems with us is that, if ARAR is not consistent--applicable or relevant and appropriate regulation isn't consistently applied, then U.S. EPA can come in and say, well, since you are not consistently applying that on both your private-party cleanups and your Federal facility cleanups, we can waive that ARAR on our future cleanups because you are not consistently doing it.    So both of those ways can impact the state.    Ms. Buthker. The Defense-State Memorandum of Agreement is the mechanism by which DOD and a state would come to agreement on how states would be reimbursed for their costs. It outlines what particular services the state provides. It doesn't say state oversight; it says the state will provide these services to DOD. But it also outlines the agreement that the state would agree to a prioritization system for funding, making sure that the most funding goes to the worst sites.    But then it also had a provision in most DSMOAs that before the state could take an enforcement action on a facility that was listed under the DSMOA, then they were supposed to go through the dispute resolution process; it also had a dispute resolution process in it. And, initially, what states thought that that meant was that, for the cleanup part of the--because the DSMOA only covers cleanup--that that was where States needed to go through dispute resolution if they had a disagreement. Like, for number of monitoring wells or number of soil samples being collected, that is when they would use dispute resolution. But if there was something that was a violation of state law and it was even outside of the cleanup program, we felt that was off limits; we could still use our regulatory authority.    And, before 2008, where the DSMOA program really started to have problems was that DOD started to any interpret that any regulatory program that the State was involved in that dealt with those facilities under our DSMOA, that would apply.    And I can give you an example. If a base had their own drinking water system and they exceeded a contaminant level and were issued an NOV, there were concerns that states would end up jeopardizing their funding under the DSMOA and actually be a breach of DSMOA if they sent a violation letter to the facility for that.    So that was pre-2008 when that was happening.    Ms. Buthker. In 2008, where the big shift in all this was, we actually formed--ASTSWMO states and DOD formed the DSMOA Steering Committee, where we worked through all these issues. And they clarified that that was not their intent, that the leadership at the time had misinterpreted what that clause was in the state's DSMOA. And it doesn't apply to any violation. It only applies to disagreements about the cleanup program itself. And they actually modified their guidance in 2011 in order to address that specific issue.    But, again, that is guidance and policy statement that is in place now. If the leadership at DOD would change, we could have something that would happen again back to that same situation.    Ms. Buthker. Yes, there are other agencies. When we----    Ms. Buthker. Department of Interior and Department of Agriculture are two that specifically our members have cited.    Ms. Buthker. Speaking on behalf of the members of ASTSWMO, having a stable level of funding for the cleanups so that can ask plan and prioritize definitely makes things work a lot easier. States can meet with DOD and say, these are the things we want to try to accomplish.    In addition, because our funding that we receive from DOD is based on a set work plan, the activities under that work plan, if those things do not happen, then states don't get money. So they also have the issue about potentially having to pull off staff that were assigned to work with DOD on those particular Federal facility cleanups. So it could definitely cause some disruption there.    Ms. Buthker. Yes.    Ms. Buthker. How often?    Ms. Buthker. This issue of Federal agencies complying with state requirements and not saying that--or waiving them has pretty much been a constant issue for the 20 years I have been involved at ASTSWMO.    Ms. Buthker. I believe that it is. But I am not an attorney, so I am saying that. But I would believe it is because they were--the way that I read it when I read it is that they are supposed to, especially the non-NPL facilities, they are supposed to be meeting state requirements.    Ms. Buthker. I would say for the non-NPL sites that are under state oversight, yes, because you always have that specter of sovereign immunity in the picture.    If you have good collaboration with DOD, DOE, or the other Federal agencies, then you can work through these issues and these problems and these disagreements as you have them. But if you have a Federal facility project manager who doesn't want to listen to the state or the community, then they can basically shut down the program because they are lead agency, and if the state tries to sue, then sovereign immunity raises its head.    Ms. Buthker. Probably the biggest one or one of the biggest ones is land use control, state regulations that implement restrictions on property. A lot of states have developed their own environmental covenant programs, and Federal agencies do not like to use that format for restricting property. They want to use their own mechanism.    How that causes problems for the states is, when there isn't a consistent means to restrict property, there is the potential that those restrictions can fail over time. And that is a very big issue for states. That is one.    Cleanup standards. Some states have set generic standards for cleanup, and DOD may or may not or the Federal agencies may or may not want to clean up to those levels.    There is also things such as how landfills should be capped. A lot of states have their own regulations for those, and there are times when DOD says, no, those--or I shouldn't say just DOD--all the Federal agencies will say those shouldn't apply.    Ms. Buthker. I really don't know enough about the situation. It hasn't----    Ms. Buthker. Well, I would say, when you are looking at Federal agencies and Federal agency cleanup and those Federal agencies caused the contamination, some of it were from practices that they didn't know were bad things to do at the time. And, in that case, the Federal agencies are cleaning it up, but that is also taxpayer money that is funding that.    Ms. Buthker. So I don't know if that answers your question or not, but----