    Mr. Delaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the witnesses for their testimony, which is obviously very concerning. It is concerning on an absolute basis in terms of actually what happened and what you are reporting. But it is also concerning because, like most of my colleagues, I believe HUD does extraordinarily important work. And as my friend from Pennsylvania had pointed out, this is not a hearing about HUD. But HUD does do extraordinarily important work. And the overwhelming majority of the employees at HUD are dedicated public servants working hard in an honest and ethical manner for the good of the taxpayers.    But this kind of situation tends to put them and the whole organization in a negative light, which is unfortunate for the taxpayers, for the organization, and for the people. And so when thinking about--kind of lifting up a little bit and thinking about some of your observations about things in terms of how they are run at HUD and how these things can happen, and just thinking about my own experience in the private sector running a public company that was subject to lots of regulations and lots of compliance, we kind of had four pillars that we tried to build upon in terms of making sure we had an organization that ran to the highest standards of ethical and compliance behavior.    The first was making sure we had really good training so that people understood what the rules are. Second, we made sure we had the infrastructure in place for ongoing monitoring and compliance. Third, we made sure we had a culture of accountability so if people actually broke the rules there were real consequences and people saw that there were consequences. And then finally, it was really important to set the right tone at the top. In other words, making sure that senior management, when they are talking about mission and execution, they are also talking about culture and behavior. And I was pleased about the joint letter that you sent with the Secretary, and I think the Secretary is doing a terrific job at the organization and is really bringing fresh energy in general.    But I am interested, Mr. Montoya, in your observations on how HUD operates as it relates against those four--at least in my words--pillars: training; compliance infrastructure; a culture of accountability; and setting the right tone at the top that actually this stuff is really important.    Mr. Delaney. It is disrespectful to them in a way, right?    Mr. Delaney. Because they are doing their job, correct?    Mr. Delaney. What about the training as it relates to really what the limitations are? How do you feel that is done?    Mr. Delaney. Right.    Mr. Delaney. Right. Again, I am really gratified that the Secretary is working with you in sending out those messages. Because that is exactly the kind of tone at the top I think we need. And it sounds like there is a lot to build on that, so--    Mr. Delaney. But, again, I appreciate both of your testimonies.    Mr. Delaney. And I thank you.