    Mr. Doar. Thank you, Chairman Conaway, and Ranking Member Peterson. I appreciate being invited today to testify about the activities of the Congressionally appointed National Commission on Hunger. My name is Robert Doar, and I am the Morgridge Fellow in Poverty Studies at the American Enterprise Institute. Prior to coming to AEI, I was the Commissioner of the New York City Human Resources Administration, and prior to that, I was the Commissioner of the New York State Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance.    It has been an honor to serve on the Commission. As a former State and City Administrator of Welfare Programs, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, I was familiar with the challenges faced both by struggling Americans, and by the government, and not-for-profit organizations, which do so much to try to help poor Americans. But the experience of the last 18 months, where we gathered testimony and observed the difficulties facing low-income communities across the country, has given me an even greater understanding of the issue, and the ways in which we can address it.    This morning I would like to highlight seven aspects of what we learned during this process. First, we came to an understanding of how to quantify the problem of hunger. We decided early on to focus on very low food security at the household level, an annual measure produced by the USDA, drawn from a survey of Americans. To the members of the Commission, reports of eating patterns being interrupted due to lack of resources is a significant indication of difficulty within a household, which requires attention. While we want to be clear that the hunger seen in America is not equivalent to the malnutrition seen in developing nations, we do believe that the very low food security measure reflects the reality of hardship in the United States. And by this measure, 5.6 percent of households reported hunger in 2014, a rate that remains elevated more than 5 years into the economic recovery.    Second, members of the Commission were cognizant of the fact that our charge limited us to proposing changes which stayed within existing resources. We are aware of the fiscal challenges facing this country, and we are confident that more progress can be made in reducing hunger without having to significantly increase Federal spending. Third, members of the Commission were unanimous in identifying a number of root causes of hunger, many of which were beyond the traditional scope of the food and nutrition programs of the Federal Government. The root causes we identified included the still struggling economy, which contributes to unemployment, the growth in hunger rates are significantly higher for single parent families than they are for married families--and the need for personal responsibility from those with limited resources. To the members of the Commission, it was important to say to Congress that progress on reducing hunger will require attention to these issues, which are not solely the responsibility of the food and nutrition programs.    Fourth, we came away from our field visits and hearings convinced that a key to solving hunger is helping more poor Americans find full time employment. Rates of very low food security are significantly higher in households with no adults working than it is in households with a full time worker. Our various social services programs, and our economy, must do a better job bringing people into the workforce if we are to make strides in reducing hunger.    Fifth, members of the Commission learned that a lot of the best work being done on this issue is taking place in states, and is often led by the not-for-profit community. And the Commission feels that, to the extent possible, we should use states and localities as places for experimentation with new and different approaches, all to be rigorously evaluated before making nationwide changes to the various programs. We don't pretend to have all the answers to the problem of hunger, but we are confident that if states are allowed to experiment with pilot programs, better ideas will come to the fore. Sixth, members of the Commission came to believe that addressing hunger also means addressing nutrition. We can do a better job helping Americans have access to, and to prepare and consume more healthy foods, and in doing so we will make progress on alleviating hunger.    Finally, Commission members came away from their experience exploring this issue deeply proud of the extensive activity by Federal, state, and local governments, corporations and not-for-profits, individuals and faith-based institutions, which is already directed at alleviating, and does alleviate, for many, this difficult problem. Members were unanimous in wanting to celebrate the great contribution our country already makes to address this issue. And they also understood that knowledge of what we already have accomplished should give us a foundation to build on, and confidence that we can solve this problem. We can end hunger in America. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Doar. Dr. Chilton, 5 minutes.   STATEMENT OF MARIANA M. CHILTON, Ph.D., M.P.H., CO-CHAIR,     Mr. Doar. Well, Mr. Chairman, we definitely went around the country. We went to the West Coast, we went to Maine, we went to Texas, we went to Arkansas, and we saw a very comprehensive picture of the extent to which many Americans are working hard to address this issue, and we heard from people who were struggling. I don't want to compare what perspectives we got to what perspectives you get, because I presume you get all the perspectives too. But we did a comprehensive job. I think we talked to a lot of people, we learned a lot, we listened, and our report will reflect their voices, both from the not-for-profit, or government, or advocacy community, as well as the recipient community.    The Chairman. What surprised you, or stood out, as a result of your hearings? Dr. Chilton or Mr. Doar?    Mr. Doar. I would say one was the enormous amount of not-for-profit involvement that we saw. That surprised me. I didn't realize quite the extent of it. Second was that we did hear from recipients of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program who were grateful for the assistance that they were provided, but hoped that the social services programs broadly would be more helpful in helping them get into full time employment.    The Chairman. Dr. Chilton?    Mr. Doar. Well, that is a hard question. We heard a lot. This testimony that my Co-Chair refers to does reflect the kind of gap in services between someone who is, due to a physical or mental incapacity, is restrained to her home, and Medicaid and Medicare, and other programs, aren't actually set up that well to provide food assistance to them, or SNAP, while they are at home and cannot get out. That was an issue that I thought was striking to us.    Mr. Doar. Mr. Chairman, if I could just add one other, we also saw effective summer feeding programs that were located in schools, or libraries, where the children that came and participated in them received the benefit both of the additional nutrition, but also of the programmatic offerings that that program would offer, that there was a benefit in learning, and in growth, that went beyond just the provision of food. And that was inspiring to us.    The Chairman. Okay. Thank you. My time has expired. Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to talk about our veterans, because it is a very, very particular disgrace and shame of this nation that disabled veterans, disabled, not just veterans, those who lost their limbs on the battlefield, those who suffer from PTSD from the battlefield, are twice as likely to be a part of a food-insecure household. And according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, between 2011 and 2013, 1.7 million veterans live in households that need, and that use, food stamps. And 70,000 of those veterans, and disabled veterans, live in my home State of Georgia. For veterans who are struggling to overcome obstacles to feed their families, food stamps make a crucial, crucial difference.    But now the question, Dr. Chilton, the question is, given all of this, despite all this knowledge, we have people who want to cut food stamps, who want to limit food stamps. When we have our dear soldiers, who have given their all on the battlefield, 1.7 million of them living in households where they need and use food stamps. Why? What in God's name is causing people to want to so drastically cut a program of food stamps when our soldiers need it to exist? Can you answer that for me?    Mr. Doar. Sure.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia.--to add to this----    Mr. Doar. Yes.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia.--because this is a very, very burning issue. I work closely with veterans. I have jobs fairs every year, health fairs, and I partner it with the VA in Atlanta, Georgia, with Ms. Leslie Williams, who you may know is Director of the VA program in Atlanta, and Al Bocchicchio, who is the Regional Director for the whole region. The issue is, and you put your finger on it, we in Congress sit here. Many of those voices who want to cut this program come from Congress, comes from us. And so what I want to ask is, what is it going to take to finally get the issue of food stamps to be addressed properly? And if we are not willing to do that for our soldiers, I mean, how does that speak of our nation?    Mr. Doar. Congressman, one of the motivating factors behind this discussion is the extent to which we have had, over the last 7 or 8 years, a very significant increase in SNAP expenditures and SNAP recipients. And yet, at the same time, we have had a stubbornly high very low food security measure, at about 5\1/2\ percent, which has not come down despite this--and also big increase in school meals as well. All I would say is that what we did hear was some frustration about that may not be enough, you need to do other things as well to help people escape hunger.    And that is what is happening when we have discussions about SNAP not being sufficient, or doing enough, or being effective enough. It is effective, but it is frustrating to have, really, record high expenditures and number of recipients, and also record high very low food security 5 years after the end of the recession.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Well, just in conclusion, Dr. Chilton, and I know you have passion for the veterans, and this is what my passion is as well, and it is certainly the passion of all of us in Congress, but whatever you can do to help get this misguided vision of us here in Congress, and to lay out and continue to stress the dire need of correcting this terrible imbalance on food stamps, and use the examples of how critically our veterans need it----    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Austin Scott, 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ma'am and sir, thank you for being here today. And one of the things that certainly I wrestle with is the balance between access of the system for those who need it, and that it was designed for, and the integrity of the system, where we have certainly some abuses. I don't think it is a huge portion of the program, but I do think that it is important for us to maintain the integrity of any program that we have in Washington. The other thing that I see is different policies that are put in place that increase the cost of food. If the cost of food goes up 20 percent, then that is 20 percent less in calories, assuming they were buying the same foods----    Mr. Doar. And in addition, there was testimony, and the Commission members came to believe that the programs that provide assistance to low income Americans do not work well together to help people who are on SNAP get into work. And we will make recommendations concerning greater encouragement, greater encouragement of collaboration, greater focus on that minority of SNAP recipients who are adults, and could work, but are not reporting earnings on their case.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. I think this is an issue not only with SNAP, but with other things as well, where if you make $1 too much, then if you put in that extra effort, and you work the overtime, it costs you more.    Mr. Doar. Absolutely. That came up, the disincentive, and the marginal tax rate issue for people who are trying to transition off of benefit programs. There was a feeling that we don't have it quite right in this country in how we encourage people to get to self-sufficiency, as opposed to remaining on assistance, and maybe working less.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. I am almost out of time, but as you write the report, I would appreciate your opinion on that balance between access and integrity, and how we hit those areas of abuse. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Fudge, 5 minutes.    Mr. Doar. It is a hard thing, reaching a unanimous conclusion, and it was important to us. We wanted to have this diverse group come together unanimously and endorse something that they all could stand behind. And that required some intense discussions and meetings, and writing it, getting it right. We had felt obligated to our customer, the Congress of the United States, to produce a report that we could be proud of. And, we didn't get it done, but we----    Mr. Doar. Yes.    Mr. LaMalfa.--get there.    Mr. Doar. The issue is the coordination of the benefits across programs. That is the hard part, as a former Administrator of all these----    Mr. Doar. Yes.    Mr. Doar. Well, we did get testimony on work requirements, and we got testimony on the ineffectiveness of SNAP over these past years to bring very low food security down, so there was some testimony along those lines. On flexibility, I am a former State Administrator from New York. We used flexibility to the extent that we could to do a lot of good things. As someone who had oversight from SNAP, Medicaid, cash welfare, and child support enforcement, I would say that the SNAP one was the one that I felt the most rigorous oversight and holding on us. Although, through elaborate processes of applying for ability to do waivers, you could get some flexibility.    I am kind of a state guy. I like giving states----    Mr. Doar. Well, the Federal Government can put restrictions on it, with regard to benefit levels or other, but I definitely feel that there is innovation opportunities out there if states were given greater ability to do more and different things, especially around work. One of the E&T, you have to come up with a local match in order to----    Mr. Doar. I definitely feel that it would have been better to go to more places, and it would have been nice to go to Mississippi. We did go to Little Rock, and we did go down into the Delta, and to----    Mr. Doar. So we tried to do that. But, Congressman, you are right to wish that we would been able to do more.    Mr. Doar. And we promoted our hearings, and made sure that people were aware that they were taking place, and invited all comers to come and participate. And we stayed for as long as possible to hear all that could be offered.    Mr. Doar. Well, we are going to say that we are impressed by it, and the aspect of summer feeding, and we are going to talk a little bit about how summer feeding could be expanded. But that is what I came away from, was that the dual benefit of summer feeding, both the food and nutrition and the programmatic aspect, was a two-fer. It made the program more effective than if you were, for instance, doing home delivered or EBT delivered food assistance. So that was my comment. I think that the households that are struggling with food insecurity or very low food security also have other issues, and sometimes those other issues are addressed by coming to a place in their community where they can get other kinds of programmatic interventions.    Mr. Doar. Congressman, you will see in our final report that we addressed issues that we thought were underlying causes, like the growing prevalence of single parent families, as being a contributing factor to higher rates of hunger in low income families. But we also recognize the methods to address them were beyond the charge of the Commission, which was to focus mostly on food and nutrition programs. And so we addressed them, and asked Congress to take a comprehensive look at these issues, but it was beyond our charge. And for the purposes of this testimony today, in other contexts, I talk about this issue often, but as a member of the Commission, all we could say was, this is an issue, it is a contributing factor, it can't be ignored, it needs to be talked about, kids need two parents. But we didn't come up with, for the purposes of this Commission, solutions or answers. They exist, but that was not what the Commission decided to tackle.    Mr. Doar. Well, the welfare reform of 1996 was a----    Mr. Doar. And led to reductions in poverty. And the farm bill every year, Earned Income Tax Credit expansions--sometimes I get a little frustrated with people thinking the last time we looked at poverty was 1965. Back----    Mr. Doar. No.    Mr. Doar. It was not.    Mr. Doar. That is correct.    Mr. Ashford.--possibly do this. I don't know if you have any other comment on that.    Mr. Doar. Well, it takes Presidential leadership. I mean, that would help. Someone would take a comprehensive look, and make it a high priority. And that will be reflected in some of what we say in our Commission report.    Mr. Doar. Yes.    Mr. Doar. I think what we heard was that programs, and SNAP would be the principal one that we heard the most about, was that it just doesn't address work sufficiently, that it is a transactional engagement between the case worker and the applicant in which the caseworker says, in effect, ``Let me find out what your income is, let me get you on assistance, and everything else about your life, well, you go somewhere else for that. We are just in charge of getting you food stamp benefits.'' That is what we heard, and that is why we are going to make a recommendation that there needs to be a more holistic, comprehensive look at both the programs and how we address the needs of people we serve.    Mr. Doar. Again, it was a bipartisan Commission----    Mr. Doar. We think it is a contribution, and it will contribute to a fuller understanding. But, again, we definitely saw witnesses who wanted to achieve self-sufficiency, and just wanted help and how to get there. And I thought we felt that our programs aren't doing enough about that.    Mr. Doar. Yes.    Mr. Doar. Again, we listed issues that are important to resolving this problem----    Mr. Doar. Yes.    Mr. Doar. Well, one thing----    Mr. Doar. We did discuss the extent to which--there were to be some opportunities for USDA to use its authority approving stores for participating in the SNAP program to encourage greater availability of health fruits and vegetables, and grains, and other----    Mr. Doar. That was an issue that we heard about, and was something that we took seriously.    Mr. Doar. I don't know that we made a recommendation about the goal of three meals a day. I don't think we did. We definitely heard testimony about the benefits, and aspects, and results from school meals. We saw a breakfast in the school program, in I believe Arkansas----    Mr. Doar. If you are talking about--no, I don't, because I don't know exactly what it means. If it is discussing a mandate, or a Federal requirement that all schools provide three meals a day, I don't think I know enough about that topic, and how that would work, and the cost-benefit of it, to comment.    Mr. Doar. Well, Congresswoman, we do not make a recommendation about waivers in our report. We could not come to an agreement on that. As the Co-Chair, that is as far as, I feel, for this testimony, I should go. That is a big issue, but that is what the Commission has decided, to not make a recommendation on that matter.    Mr. Doar. I should also say we did hear testimony from the Commissioner of Social Services in Maine, who talked positively about the benefits of the waiver ending, and helping people get into work by being expected to get into work.    Mr. Doar. I think that the premise of your question is that there will be an increase of hunger because waivers are ending. I do not accept that premise. I don't know that that will take place.    Mr. Doar. This is the Child Care block grant?    Mr. Doar. Well, that, again, this is sort of outside the scope of our Commission, representing the Commission, I don't want to comment on it. But, in my other work, I will say that child care assistance is something that is of concern to me, and helping low income families stay in employment.    Mr. Doar. We did not make a recommendation on waivers as a Commission, and we heard concerns in testimony, but we did also have two former SNAP directors of state food stamp programs who did not take the waiver, and thought the waiver wasn't necessary to help people get into employment.    Mr. Doar. Well----    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--individuals, I will tell you, said things that are so highly inflammatory and discriminatory is no longer working in the State of New Mexico. So, in claiming my time, I just want to point that out, that we have to be clear, and that is why I want the data. So it isn't politically driven, it is data driven. It is evidence-based, so we make decisions about reforming these programs that are in the best interest, in a public health sense, of the population for whom we are serving. Because I don't think that data exists, and, Mr. Chairman, with all due respect, we should be demanding that that data is available to us, and available in this Committee, that leads the Congress on sound nutrition policy so that we have an impact on stopping hunger in the richest country in the world. Thank you both very much.    The Chairman. A bit of a conflict there, you said the data doesn't exist, so----    Mr. Doar. As you will see in both our testimony, and in the final report, there will be a reference to underemployment. So we did hear from folks who indicated that the extent to which they were not able to get full time work put them in a situation that was precarious with regard to food. Now, we do not, I believe, make any recommendations concerning Federal policies that could incentivize, or regulate businesses that make them more likely to cut people off at 30 hours, but it is an issue that did come up among both our members, and in testimony, that people wanted more hours, but, for whatever reason, the employers were not offering them.    Mr. Doar. We did see it being done well, in your home State of Texas, under the leadership of one of the Commission members, Jeremy Everett. The Texas Hunger Initiative does a lot to coordinate both the----    The Chairman. A Baylor grad, by the way.    Mr. Doar. Yes. Well, I am not sure I heard you, Mr. Chairman, but anyway, we also saw it in Indianapolis, where another member of our Commission took us to see this really robust interaction between the not-for-profit, the faith-based, the corporate, and the government efforts to help people that are struggling. And it will come through in our report, our belief that that kind of thing is very much part of the solution.    Mr. Doar. No.