    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And let me say, first of all, as a physician who has practiced 40 years, including cardiology, I can say that chocolate cake is good for you. But I don't recommend eating in excess. Nor do I recommend eating kale in excess, either.    Dr. Fleming. So, that brings us to this. As a physician, I was always taught, and still practice, the fact that it is the scientific method that really leads us into progress, to do what is right for the future.    Now, Mr. Huffman suggests this may be consensus. And certainly there has been a suggestion here that maybe the courts should decide these things.    But, Professor Christy, enlighten us on this whole issue. What is the science, and what is this 97 percent? My understanding about the 97 percent--it is often quoted that this is consensus, rather than true settled science--is that this was 97 percent of colleagues who were asked the question. And certainly, you are going to get any outcome you want, as long as you ask the people that you choose to ask.    Dr. Fleming. Right.    Dr. Fleming. Yes.    Dr. Fleming. Absolutely. So you show very clearly there that, out of 102 different models, not a single one of them even comes close, it appears, to being accurate in predictability.    Dr. Fleming. Absolutely. So, now we have a tremendous amount of policy coming out of our government, out of governments around the world. And, by the way, I believe it is Australia that actually repealed their cap and trade tax. So some of them, I think, are getting smart and actually looking at the science.    So, after all of these years, and all of this policy, and now cost to government and to free enterprise, to private businesses and individuals, we actually find out that all of that policy is based on what perhaps one could say is voodoo science. What would you say?    Dr. Fleming. Well, what about this social cost thing, now that is coming up? The social cost of carbon. And it was calculated. How is that number calculated?    Dr. Fleming. Right.    Dr. Fleming. So there is no way to truly calculate the offsetting taxation necessary in order to improve the climate outcomes when we, first, don't have the science, or the predictable science, in place, to begin with.    Dr. Fleming. Yes.    Dr. Fleming. Right.    Dr. Fleming. You basically have to make a number up, and extrapolate from there, then, is what you are saying, in order to come up with any number, because you don't really have the science to prove what you can do economically with taxes and regulations that are actually going to mitigate climate change.    Dr. Fleming. Well, it just certainly appears to me that before we continue down this road, Mr. Chairman, of taxing individuals, taxing businesses, taxing our economy, and hyper-regulating our economy, killing jobs, flattening our economy even more than it is today, we should actually get the science right.    With that, I will yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Lowenthal.