    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for calling this hearing.    Last month, a deranged terrorist walked into a nightclub in Orlando and shot down 49 innocent people in one of the most devastating gun massacres in our nation's history. To say that our prayers go out to the families, while certainly true, is simply no longer enough. We do not have the right to remain silent. We cannot ignore them. We must act, and we must act now.    Every year about 12,000 Americans are killed with guns. I haven't even included the suicides. My hometown of Baltimore more than 300 were killed last year alone in shooting-related homicides. We as elected officials here in the Congress should be able to agree that suspected terrorists, suspected terrorists should not have guns.    The American people already agree, law-abiding gun owners agree, people who support the Second Amendment agree. But this proposal is opposed by the NRA, the gun manufacturers, and Republican leaders who will not allow a vote to close this terrorist loophole. Instead, Speaker Ryan announced plans this week to call up a phony bill endorsed by the NRA that continues to allow suspected terrorists, suspected terrorists, suspected terrorists to buy guns unless there is an arrest warrant against them. And now even that proposal has been put on hold.    Let me ask you this. If we ban a suspected terrorist from boarding a plane, why in the world would we let him walk across the street into a gun store and stock up on military-style assault weapons within 72 hours? It makes absolutely no sense. But that is what this NRA bill would do.    We here in Congress should also be able to agree that no convicted felon should have guns. If people are convicted of violent crimes, they should not be allowed to buy semiautomatic firearms, .50 caliber sniper rifles, or other types of deadly weapons. Having a background check for any gun changes hands is a commonsense proposal supported by a wide majority of Americans, including law-abiding gun owners and strong supporters of the Second Amendment. But again, the NRA, gun manufacturers, and their Republican supporters in Congress prevented this from happening.    We here in Congress should be able to support a Federal law against illegal gun trafficking by drug cartels or other criminal organizations. We have heard firsthand from law enforcement agents in testifying at this very witness table that the current statute is just a slap on the wrist. And they begged us to address it. They called it a toothless paperwork violation.    That is why Congresswoman Maloney and I introduced the Gun Trafficking Prevention Act. This bipartisan bill, cosponsored by Republicans, including Patrick Meehan, Michael Fitzpatrick, Scott Rigell, and Peter King, again, more than 100 cosponsors and supported by law enforcement organizations across the country. But that was more than 3 years ago, more than 3 years ago. Since that time many people have died, shot down with a gun.    Since then, there has not been one hearing, one markup, or one vote on our bipartisan proposal. Our bill, like so many other commonsense proposals, has been gathering dust because Republican leaders refuse to allow a vote.    Of course, Federal agencies must safeguard their firearms, which is the subject of today's hearing. Everyone on this panel agrees with that. Last year, a young woman Kate Steinle was killed by a convicted felon when a duty pistol that belonged to a ranger from the Bureau of Land Management--she was killed with it. The gun was stolen from his vehicle week earlier.    Of course, it is appropriate to examine crimes committed with Federal firearms that are lost or stolen and to identify improvements in the way Federal agencies keep their inventories. But we can no longer ignore the far more massive carnage caused by non-Federal guns every single day in this country.    There have been some very high-profile shootings, and these shootings cause people to demand action. But there are also many, many shootings every single day that do not get the attention. Directly across the street from me in Baltimore 30 feet from my house lives a young man named Rassaan Hammond. He is a 36-year-old who has a master's degree and he owns a sound studio in east Baltimore. His mother is the graduate dean emeritus of the Maryland Institute of Art.    Just last week, last week, Mr. Hammond was driving away from his studio in Baltimore when his car was shot at six times. One of the bullets entered his heart. And my neighbor of 20 years had the good fortune that his heart miraculously pumped the bullet into his aorta. Mr. Hammond was also shot in the arm. The doctors say that he will survive, he will be okay, and it is one in a 10 million chance that somebody could be shot in the heart and survive. Miraculously, the bullets were recoverable and he survived and is now recovering.    Police have not identified a suspect in this shooting, but this one example highlights the scope of this epidemic. That is that people just like young Mr. Hammond are gunned down every single day in our country, and many are not as lucky as he was.    As I close, the bottom line is that we do not want any suspected terrorists to get a gun, we do not want any felon to get a gun, and we do not want any trafficking organization to get guns. But there has been no credible action by Republican leaders to address these issues. The American people want us to move beyond false choice of no guns at all or the Wild West of firearms on demand. We can--yes, we can and we must make commonsense improvements on a bipartisan basis, and it is our solemn duty to act now to prevent the further loss of life of our own citizens.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I thank you for the courtesy and I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Horowitz, based on your audit, you said that there are still 11 recommendations that have not been completed, is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And what would you say--give me the top two or three that you are most concerned about. But I know you are concerned about all of them; I know that.    Mr. Cummings. That is ----    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz.--that has to get fixed.    Mr. Cummings. And how many guns are we talking about in total? Do you have any idea? In other words, I am trying to figure out how big the universe might be. It sounds like we don't have a handle on when it--because we don't have accurate information but ----    Mr. Cummings. Would you know, Mr. Kane?    Mr. Cummings. Right.    Mr. Cummings. Yes.    Mr. Horowitz.--in other words, things that you use up in some way, chemical agents, stun munitions, those kind of things that once you use them, they're no longer in inventory. That was the problem BOP had. They weren't keeping control and understanding what they were using versus what might have been stolen, for example.    Mr. Cummings. So, Mr. Kane, you had told the chairman you would be getting those 11 items done. When do you plan to do that, how soon? Because one thing I have learned about being around here for 20 years that folks just put stuff off and put stuff off and wait for another Congress, and things never get done.    Mr. Cummings. So I would like to have some date.    Mr. Cummings. You are not answering my question, sir. Just answer ----    Mr. Cummings. Can you give me some deadlines? Give me 6 months. Tell me something.    Mr. Cummings. Early winter?    Mr. Cummings. All right. Because I'm going to ask the chairman to call you back.    Mr. Cummings. Because I realize that is the only way we get things done sometimes.    Mr. Cummings. Inspector General Horowitz, do you agree that the inventory controls alone will not prevent Federal firearms from being used by criminals?    Mr. Cummings. And why do you say that?    Mr. Cummings. Well, you know, I support the President's efforts to explore gun safety technology or smart guns that would require fingerprint verification. Mr. Chairman, in April the Department of Justice Homeland Security issued a report outlining the administration strategy, and I ask that that report be entered into the record.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you ----    Mr. Palmer.--so ordered.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    That report states that this technology could ``prevent use of an officer's weapon if it fell into the wrong hands and it might discourage theft of such weapons in the first place. These developments could in turn shrink the supply of stolen firearms to the secondary black market, curtailing a dangerous source of weapons for criminals.'' I would venture to guess that many of the guns used to murder people in my district to harm people are stolen guns, not from Federal agencies but stolen.    Mr. Orner, given all of the potential of the smart technology, do you agree that it is at least worth exploring as one of the many solutions that could help prevent criminals from doing harm with stolen Federal firearms?    Mr. Cummings. I see my time is up. I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. All I can say is we can do better, Mr. Kane and all of us. I mean, we can do better. It seems like it is kind of hard, wouldn't you agree, Mr. Horowitz, if we can't keep up with the bullets, to keep track? Do you think it is that difficult to get this done? I mean, what ----    Mr. Cummings. Well, we are going to follow up on this. And, Mr. Horowitz, I forgot to tell you I want to thank you for all your work on the IG bill. You are a real trooper ----