    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I appreciate the witnesses being here. I was just curious, in considering the kind of questions you have just been asked, and the questions that you often get, Professor Christy, do you ever feel like Galileo?    Mr. Gohmert. You remember Galileo? The overwhelming amount of science was against Galileo. And the other scientists got money from the church, they got money from the government for their research in opposing Galileo. And yet, Galileo was right, and he had the courage to stand up and say so.    I know it is often said by climate fearmongers that, Gee, money really dictates the kind of results. I am curious. Is it true you would have access to hundreds of millions of potential grant dollars if you would change your scientific position?    Mr. Gohmert. That is coming.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, I understand you may have a slide that compares the various climate models.    Mr. Gohmert. Would you explain that?    Mr. Gohmert. That is what we are basing all of these rules, all of this massive amount of paper that is produced, reports that are produced, requirements for reports--let me just tell you. I have a woman over 80 in my district, lives in a rural area, and she said, ``When I was born and raised, it was in a home where the only energy we had was in our woodburning stove, and my power is getting more and more expensive. I am afraid I am going to die in a home like that.''    Do you have another slide that shows a difference in what is projected and what is real?    Mr. Gohmert. Oh, this is the one you were showing a while ago.    Mr. Gohmert. Yes. Well, as someone who was shocked, and didn't believe all the scientific projections in the 1970s that said we are at the beginning of a new ice age, I get a little leery of the new projections that we are headed toward warming this place up to where we are going to have more crops than we have ever had. What a terrible thing.    But--yes, sir?    Mr. Gohmert. That does more harm to men than anything. I am on record as believing climate change to be a fact in east Texas, where I live. It happens four times a year.    The Chairman. Mr. Beyer.