    Mr. Milholland. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee, my name is Terence Milholland. I am the IRS chief technology officer and chief information officer. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    In my role at the IRS, I'm responsible for all aspects of the systems and data that operate our tax infrastructure. We have a 7,000-person information technology organization that maintains 500-plus systems and data, and supports the processing of 200 million tax returns annually.    Before joining the IRS 7 years ago, I spent 3 decades in the private sector and held a number of information technology leadership positions. My experiences included as executive vice president and chief technology officer of Visa International. I was also the chief information officer and chief technology officer for Electronic Data Systems Corporation, and before that the chief information officer for the Boeing Company.    It is an honor for me to serve the public as the IRS CTO, and to support the tax system by helping the Service modernize its IT systems.    This concludes my opening statement, and I'd be happy to take your questions.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. It affects people, processes, and technology. For example, in the people area, we know that we have 67 people who are the single points of failure, so to speak, for particular systems. If they left, we would not have any knowledge to deal with an issue in that particular system they support. That is how thin we have become is that we now can identify the places where we are truly thin, so we have to deal with risk mitigations for those particular systems.    Mr. Milholland. What he was referring to are systems like the individual master file or the business master file, where these systems were literally designed and architected in the 1960s and rolled out in the 1970s. Those systems are where literally your tax returns, the master file record of your tax returns, are kept. We have been ----    Mr. Milholland. That was architected in the 1960s and 1970s. That is correct, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Well, that is one of the many issues that we deal with is the sustainability of those long-lasting legacy systems so that every year we can have a smooth filing season.    Mr. Milholland. Obviously depending on the case, so to speak, if individual taxpayer data is being accessed, that architecture is that old. The access mechanisms might be more current.    Mr. Milholland. But the fundamental underlying structure is reliant upon systems that were built in that era.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir. I will try to be very brief. We built a technology roadmap. We did that a few years ago and have been executing against it for the future state; that is, to bring the IRS so it looks like a digital company in the financial area; that is, comparable to the way a large financial institution would operate. That means that we have to upgrade a number of the underlying processes which are based in these, as I say, the 1960s architecture, bring them into a 21st century architecture, and implement the technology that allows that.    We have standardized on modern programming languages, for example. All new developments since I have arrived, they are in Java, for example, rather than the more ancient languages like assembly language, or COBOL, or these, I will just say, simply legacy programming languages. We have standardized on a different operating system, in our case, Linux, for example, a very modern operating system environment that is very common across all of private enterprise.    And we have been slowly and steadily migrating new systems of what we have had to invest in to support things like FATCA, the Affordable Care Act, the Revenue Return Program, our fraud detection system, all are built, I will say, the right way so that we can slowly remove ourselves from dependencies on these older systems.    And then the last comment I would make, we have plans to get off, so to speak, of that dependency. The Congress has supported us in our business systems modernization program in a program called CADE 2, Customer Account Data Engine. The second transition state of that is underway in which we are converting off of that master file system into a modern relational database program, at the same removing the financial material weakness of the older individual master file systems.    Let me stop there because I could certainly go on and on and on.    Mr. Milholland. As soon as our release mechanism allows us. Soon if I can get away with that.    Mr. Milholland. Mr. Chairman, could I add one other thing?    Mr. Milholland. The roadmap does not stand by itself. It goes along with a business plan which we call a future state vision, in which all of the businesses as outlined, how do they want to actually operate in the next 3 to 5 years, and then that roadmap supports that plan. So you would actually need to understand both.    Mr. Milholland. All right.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. We issued a directive to my staffs down through every level of management and individuals to hold onto every piece of information.    Mr. Milholland. I certainly thought it was clear.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. As you are undoubtedly aware having that email, TIGTA did their report out. They looked at every step of the process along the way of how did we end up doing that. In fact, I think I was quoted in there when they interviewed me as I was literally blown away by the fact that it had happened because, again, I thought the instructions were remarkably clear.    Mr. Milholland. Within IT, the information technology organization, we discussed it with staff and with the executive team that we needed to do this. We were also in the midst of consolidating all the email servers that were sitting around the country into our two primary data ----    Mr. Milholland. I really do not know. You would have to ask the chief counsel about that.    Mr. Milholland. I do not recall seeing those orders, so ----    Mr. Milholland. I am totally unfamiliar with the order that you are discussing. We always have a practice generally when a request comes in that counsel needs us to hold onto items, they send an email around to the responsible individuals ----    Mr. Milholland. No, sir.    Mr. Milholland. As I tried to express earlier, Congressman, we discussed the request to hold on to all of those items that were in that email throughout our staffs so the executive team, the management team, would understand how serious this was. And, therefore, to protect ----    Mr. Milholland. So it was reinforced constantly to do so.    Mr. Milholland. I will answer the second question first. I held myself accountable as it was reported in the TIGTA report that it starts at the top. I was at the top, and, therefore, myself and my management chain were held to be accountable. That was part of our performance plans and such and was discussed appropriately when we discovered this particular incident when it happened.    Mr. Milholland. Because I am in the senior critical, I got an adjustment because of this senior critical pay.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, it did.    Mr. Milholland. I think only once in the last 2 years.    Mr. Milholland. Mr. Tribiano.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Milholland. I can answer for the number in information technology. There are 11. I believe Mr. Tribiano can cover the rest.    Mr. Milholland. The way we handled the situation was waiting until the TIGTA report was in where basically, as I say, the TIGTA concluded there was no criminal wrongdoing, which was peace of mind. Someone did not deliberately set out to do this. And then, in reading through their report, what conclusion do you come to?    As I say, management--me--took accountability for our management chain's failure to see that the instruction was followed. That then was dealt with through performance reviews and feedback to people for their whole entire performance through the appropriate chain and such. We did not penalize or punish anyone on the floor because they thought they were doing what they were supposed to do. They had received instructions. They were following a process, and ----    Mr. Milholland. In the sense of in their performance review feedback, yes.    Mr. Milholland. No other consequences, no, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir. We have an initiative we call the eAuthentication Authorization and Access Initiative. The first part of this is what we are doing to get transcripts back online. If you recall, with that original issue from last May and June, we took it offline until we could get it right; that is, the underlying authentication. Can we really identify that the individuals coming in are who they say they are. That work is underway. We hope to roll that application back up some time this spring.    But we also have done other things that we started changing the way that we handle, I will say, the online environment. The particular technologies we, in fact, deployed as a result of the ``Get Transcript'' incident were, in fact, what allowed us to stop this bot attack from 2 weeks ago explicitly. The ability to capture and see that this attack was ongoing is a direct result of us improving that environment.    A number of other tools and such are built into our cyber investment plan. It is what we are going to use some of the monies that are now made available to us from the Congress through an extra $290 million. About $100 million of that has been assigned to IT specifically for cyber. That is where the investments will be made. The President has certainly recognized it in his Fiscal Year 2017 budget submission for what he wants to do across the Administration. And then part of those monies will be used to improve aspects of the IRS online presence.    There are a number of specific tools I could talk about here, Congressman. I do not know exactly ----    Mr. Milholland. There is an investment plan to build out the entire process of record retention. This ranges from saving all of the email and all of its attachments, the archiving of information that are on hard drives in turn being saved. And the first elements of this, if we are able to complete our project, would start to roll out at the end of December, beginning of January.    Mr. Milholland. At the current moment we do not. We have what we need to implement toward the end of this year, but for the long-term needs of the record retention initiative, to do everything that is being asked in the sense of build a system that can search for anything and do it instantly, that has not yet been, I will say, completely planned out, nor staffed, nor resourced.    Mr. Milholland. Ma'am, are you referring to the bot attack that was 2 weeks ago?    Mr. Milholland. I cannot speak to who it was. There is an investigation going on right now by the investigative side of TIGTA. This was done from international sites using malware placed on individual machines and servers that attacked the IRS attempting to get these e-file PINs, no other taxpayer data. In fact, the e-file PIN is not taxpayer data, so I cannot characterize who they were. They were, you know, more than likely criminals, but I cannot really say.    Mr. Milholland. Is that a question toward me? I just was not sure.    Mr. Milholland. I was not sure if it was to the deputy commissioner.    Mr. Milholland. Okay.    Mr. Milholland. I actually do not know.    Mr. Milholland. Not at all, sir.    Mr. Milholland. No, sir.    Mr. Milholland. I have never lifted the non-destruct order for the tapes, the backup tapes, which we were dealing with at the time.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir. Email is saved indefinitely.    Mr. Milholland. If I understand your question correctly, sir, no. What we have, we still back up email and ----    Mr. Milholland. Excuse me. I am sorry. I am interrupting you.    Mr. Milholland. Again, Chairman, if I may, that was referring to our backup tapes of the email systems and all the information ----    Mr. Milholland. The email we talked about earlier, sir?    Mr. Milholland. That was a request that came from Chief Counsel's Office, and the way to do it was to send an email out as quick as we could to the people involved dealing with the backup tapes and such.    Mr. Milholland. Principally directed to the operations team who deal with the backup tape processes and such, but the IT staffs all knew about it.    Mr. Milholland. It was just within IT.    Mr. Milholland. I am pretty sure he did because this was one of the subjects we were talking about, how we were going to protect ----    Mr. Milholland. I cannot testify to that, but can I add one correction to my earlier statement?    Mr. Milholland. Okay. As I tried to say earlier--I may not have been very clear--that was intended to cover backup tapes for email and anything to do with anyone's information that dealt with attachments, calendars, and such. At the same time, we also were not allowing hard drives to go anywhere. We, in fact, locked up all of the TEGE employees' hard drives in a cabinet, so to speak, so they would not go anywhere and such.    During the Windows 7 implementation 2 years ago and such, basically because of budgetary problems, we went and asked, hey, if we copy all the hard drives we have been saving, can we now reuse them so that we can implement Windows 7. And we got permission to do that, so in that sense those non-TEGE hard drives were reused. So in that sense, they were rescinded. I hope that is clear.    Mr. Milholland. No, sir. I responded earlier describing how that happened through employee mistakes.    Mr. Milholland. No, sir.    Mr. Milholland. I am capped salary wise. I do not receive a bonus.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. It certainly comes through me. I believe it goes to a committee Mr. Tribiano sits on called the Executive Review Board.    Mr. Milholland. Not all the managers and executives who report to me got pay increases or bonuses. I do not recall explicitly in the chain that led down to where this incident occurred what the actuals were.    Mr. Milholland. Probably, but I really do not know, sir.    Mr. Milholland. If I am allowed to legally. I do not know if I am allowed to release personal information.    Mr. Milholland. Not to me, sir, but I am not a lawyer, so.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Milholland. That is correct, ma'am.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, ma'am. Our Enterprise server is the primary engine for processing tax returns. It is made up of various components, including a storage subsystem, which has voltage regulators in it. Now, while the root cause analysis is still underway, it was those voltage regulators that failed. They are mechanical components that are under somewhat high stress conditions when the computer is operating. And over time, one of the modules that held the voltage regulators literally said I'm failing, called for an alert to the mechanic--that is, the technician--to come and fix it.    During the process of attempting to fix the mechanical device, the redundant voltage regulator module also failed. Then it took time to restore the equipment to its natural state, bring the system back up so tax returns could be processed. Total outage time was roughly about 30 hours.    No software was involved. No micro code. This was with absolute certainty not a cyberattack. It was a failure of mechanical device. What we are most interested is the root cause analysis as to why did the two fail relatively close together. That work is going on. I expect to have the root cause analysis, you know, within a week. I have a draft root cause analysis now, but it is not done. We have working questions with the supplier on this. But no question that this was a mechanical failure.    Mr. Milholland. Certainly. What they built back in the 1960s for implementation in the 1970s was a system designed based around the technology that was available to them then.    Mr. Milholland. That design still exists. Even though we are running the application now with much more modern underpinning--that is, this Enterprise server that we just discussed with the congresswoman ----    Mr. Milholland. No, I think that is true. The application, individual master file, and the business master file, and a number of those other clearly legacy applications, while some of the platforms they run on have changed and the code has been updated numerous times due to legislation, the programming language is still the one that we had then.    Mr. Milholland. There are elements of the code that exist back that far, but the ----    Mr. Milholland. COBOL, yes. COBOL programming language code. Assembly language code is the principle engine. While we have modified it numerous times with particularly legislation, the fact of the matter is that system was designed and built in the 1960s to start running in the 1970s. And so, you know, I believe that the commissioner is correct.    Mr. Milholland. What would have happened would be that--I must say ``presumed happened''--was whoever was checking out Mr. Maruca from the IRS would have called the IT organization, filled out a request to say take his IT assets and follow the normal disposition procedures.    Mr. Milholland. At the time, I mean, he had left before that particular litigation hold was put into place.    Mr. Milholland. It had already been entered into the process of disposition.    Mr. Milholland. I am sorry. I really am not understanding your question.    Mr. Milholland. Pardon me?    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. That would have followed the normal IT process of dispositioning of old equipment. And in that sense, the authorization is the IRS process.    Mr. Milholland. No, there is not. It follows ----    Mr. Milholland. There is a lot discretion. There are a number of steps that are followed as to where it goes. Because we have had shortfalls in our staffing, oftentimes machines can sit around before they are disposed of. They may oftentimes even get so stacked up until someone gets to it.    Mr. Milholland. I think there are a number of questions in your statement, sir, and I will try answering each one.    Mr. Milholland. We got support from Microsoft to go beyond the original expiration of XP so we were not taking a risk with those particular workstations. Second, we took them off the network so they would be isolated, and would not, therefore, be possible to hack into them through, I will say, anyone having access to the network. Where we are with the actual remaining numbers, if I recall correctly, we are complete. I would have to double check that, sir, if I can get back to you.    Mr. Milholland. Sure.    Mr. Milholland. I changed the order with, as I tried to explain earlier with a TEGE situation where we had to start using some of the hard drives that we were saving ----    Mr. Milholland. Provide which list, sir?    Mr. Milholland. I will, yes.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. $100 to $250, depending on the ----    Mr. Milholland. Yeah, that timeline can vary from immediate to 6 months.    Mr. Milholland. Where the person is when they leave. For example, if you are in ----    Mr. Milholland. What office they are in. For example, the equipment, if it is picked up by IT, has to be shipped to another location. But if you are in the D.C. area, for example, it might happen very quickly and such. We typically send these devices to a particular data center for the degaussing once we separate the hard drive from the rest of the PC.    Mr. Milholland. The deputy commissioner can answer the details, but ----    Mr. Milholland. He was in D.C. as I ----    Mr. Milholland. It could be depending, again, on the process being followed and the staff that we have to do that work. If there was an intent that we say, hey, we could reuse this device very quickly, then at that point we would separate the hard drive from the rest of the platform and put a new hard drive in.    Mr. Milholland. No, sir. What we keep a record of is the asset. Once we separate the hard drive from the rest of the computer, the rest of the computer is sent off for salvage by an outside contractor.    Mr. Milholland. Yeah, you are saying ----    Mr. Milholland. Not necessarily, sir, because we do not view it as a major asset at that point. Its disposition, we have flagged for destruction. It is sent into the system. Okay, this ----    Mr. Milholland. Once it is flagged for disposition to be destroyed, no.    Mr. Milholland. It is a matter of the workload and the resources we have to do that task.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Well, the importance is that we had already decided that this particular drive could be, in fact, be destroyed. At that point it is deemed worthless, so it is stacked up with other hard drives.    Mr. Milholland. May I answer that question, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Milholland. The answer is we save them on our backup tapes and have since that original email that Representative Jordan was referring to.    Mr. Milholland. I think he was referring to all the ----    Mr. Milholland. I am sorry, sir.    Mr. Milholland. No, sir. We are going to be NARA compliant.    Mr. Milholland. Sir, could I make one statement, please?    Mr. Milholland. At that particular time, the TIGTA investigation was still going on, so I was not allowed to talk about the conversation I had with TIGTA until after the report was released.    Mr. Milholland. No.    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir.    Mr. Milholland. The general conversation around backup tapes, yes, sir, and that is what I was trying to correct earlier. We have retained backup tapes for indefinitely since that email was issued. Those are off of the exchange system, which is the primary email system of the Enterprise.    Mr. Milholland. No, I did not specifically.    Mr. Milholland. I cannot recall the subject ever coming up, sir.    Mr. Milholland. I would ask that Mr. Killen to respond to whether or not we are NARA compliant since that is his area of expertise.    Mr. Milholland. In that sense, you are correct, sir.    Mr. Milholland. Are you referring to instant messaging, sir?    Mr. Milholland. Yes, sir. There are obviously phones. There are ----    Mr. Milholland. Actually I do not actually ----    Mr. Milholland. I understand you, sir.