    Dr. Roubideaux. Great. Thank you so much, Chairman Calvert and Ranking Member McCollum and members of the Committee, I am Dr. Yvette Roubideaux, Senior Advisor to the Secretary for American Indians and Alaska Natives, and with me today is Mr. Robert McSwain, Acting Director of the Indian Health Service, and we are pleased to provide testimony on the President's proposed fiscal year 2016 budget for the Indian Health Service.    Since 2008, IHS appropriations have increased by 39 percent, thanks in part due to the efforts of your Committee, and these investments are making substantial impact on the quantity and the quality of health care we are able to provide to American Indians and Alaska Natives.    This budget proposes to continue that progress by increasing the budget by $461 million to a level of $5.1 billion, which if appropriated would increase the IHS budget to 53 percent since 2008.    This budget continues the Administration's commitment to improving health care for American Indians and Alaska Natives, and I know you share that commitment as well.    The fiscal year 2016 President's budget proposes a number of increases, first, a $147 million increase to help address medical inflation, population growth and pay costs to help maintain current services. It also addresses a top tribal priority by proposing an overall $70 million increase to the Purchase and Referred Care program, formerly known as Contract Health Services--so thank you for helping us change the name--which will help us fund more referrals for patients and result in more programs funding more than Priority I or life-or-limb services. My testimony mentioned that we have gone from four programs funding more than life-or-limb to now 41 of 69 programs funding more than life-or-limb referrals.    The recent increases in PRC has also enabled the Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, or CHEF fund, to reimburse high-cost cases submitted through mid-September rather than only through June, as in the past.    The budget proposes an additional $25 million for the IHS to expand its successful Methamphetamine and Suicide Prevention Initiative to increase the number of child and adolescent behavioral health professionals who will provide direct services and implement youth-based programming as a part of the President's Generation Indigenous Initiative. The budget also includes other increases focusing on improving access to affordable health care with improving third-party collections and helping IHS continue to achieve Meaningful Use of its Electronic Health record.    The budget proposes to reauthorize the successful Special Diabetes Program for Indians, or SDPI, for another 3 years at the current $150 million funding level to continue progress because it has demonstrated that we can prevent and treat diabetes in the American Indian and Alaska Native population.    The budget also includes significant investments in IHS facilities including increases for maintenance and improvement, sanitation facility construction, and health care facility construction, which will help us make significant progress on our priority list.    The budget also proposes $18 million to fund additional staffing for all three of the newly constructed facilities that are planned to be opened prior to or in fiscal year 2016.    A top priority for the Indian Health Service is to strengthen our partnership with tribes. I truly believe that the only way that we are going to improve the health of our communities is to work in partnership with them, and this includes honoring and supporting tribal self-determination and tribal self-governance. That is why I am pleased to inform you that the budget includes a two-part, long term approach to funding contract support costs, which is the result of our tribal consultation that you requested last year on a long-term solution for contract support cost appropriations.    The first part of the budget is full funding of the estimated CSC need in fiscal year 2016, for which the budget requests an increase of $55 million. The second part of the approach is a proposal to reclassify CSC as mandatory, rather than discretionary, starting in fiscal year 2017, after we do tribal consultation in fiscal year 2016 and in work with you in Congress. The proposal is significant because it is the top recommendation from the tribes to fully fund contract support costs separately from the services budget, and that was a top recommendation that all tribes agreed that they want full funding of contract support costs but not at the expense of the rest of the budget, and so that is why this accomplishes that separation. IHS has also worked in partnership with tribes to improve estimates of contract support cost needs and the agency's business practices related to CSC funding. The proposal to reclassify CSC as a mandatory appropriation helps us continue progress on this issue, and we look forward to working with you on this proposed approach.    IHS has also made progress on past contract support cost claims with offers extended on 1,219 claims and settlements on 883 claims for a total value of $679 million.    So in summary, this fiscal year 2016 President's budget helps continue progress on improving quality and access to health care, changing and improving the Indian Health Service, and strengthens our partnership with tribes.    I appreciate all your efforts to helping ensure a healthier future for American Indians and Alaska Natives.    Thank you, and we are happy to answer questions you may have.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we really appreciate your work with us on contract support costs and understanding how the costs can be variable over time, and we actually have worked with our IHS tribal CSC work group. Actually tribal and federal members have been working together over the past year. They have developed a more accurate way to calculate contract support costs. They call it the annual CSC calculation tool. It is a tool that helps make the estimates more reliable, more accurate, and verifiable based on actual data that the tribes give us. And so moving the contract support costs to mandatory is a part of sort of the process to make contract support costs a better business operation within the Indian Health Service, and by combining with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, it helps us work on, you know, finding other ways to streamline the operations, finding other ways to work together.    The challenge we have is that the Bureau of Indian Affairs funding is a little different than the Indian Health Service funding. The magnitude of programs available for contracting and the magnitude of the increases that tribes can assume is much different than the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Fortunately, there are members of our CSC work group on the BIA CSC work group, and they are already talking about ways that we can make that there.    The other thing that helps us in mandatory is flexibility to move--we would like to see it be no-year funds so that if we do not spend all our funds in one year, we could move it to the next year.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, certainly the tribes have agreed that they want full funding but not at the expense of the rest of the budget, and a part of their reasoning for the mandatory proposal was to separate them. We would be happy to talk with you about that proposal and ideas that you have because I think if there is any way we can get towards the tribal recommendation and work towards that, that would be great.    We do worry, however, on the discretionary side, even if it is separate, there is the issue of the less flexibility if it is an annual appropriation, and so that is--if the funds all have to be spent within one year, that is challenging with contract support costs because it is a variable cost over time. That is how it is defined in the law, and the tribes said they do not want to change the law around it but they do want to look at ways that we can make sure that we are fully funding and also estimating better.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, I agree with you that this is a significant challenge to deal with, you know, chemical dependency and mental health issues, and you are right, they often do coexist. We have been working in the Indian Health Service to implement our Improving Patient Care Initiative, which is a patient-centered medical home, and just this year we have started working on integrating primary care with behavioral health so that there is more access points to services so that they do not just have to go to the mental health trailer and get services, they can actually be seen within the clinic with our whole team to try to help with that.    This particular initiative, the Tribal Behavioral Health Initiative, is a part of the President's Generation Indigenous Initiative. When he visited Standing Rock, the youth that he spoke with told him of all kinds of barriers that they face and challenges that they face, and many of them were substance abuse, alcoholism, mental health issues, suicide, those kinds of things. And so there is a whole Administration effort under this initiative to try to help remove barriers to success for Native youth, and our piece as the clinical provider of services, is a focus on trying to get more behavioral health providers in those communities working at points of access where youth are like in the schools or in youth programs or in the clinic, and we know tribes have been saying they want more behavioral health services, we know that we need more providers, and so this funding would help us get more trained clinical providers that can address the problems of youth, and we felt like there is other pieces of Generation Indigenous that there are improvements in the schools and other sorts of things, and SAMHSA is working on their behavioral health grant program to contribute to this for more community-based things. IHS as the provider of health care is providing providers.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, it would seriously impair our ability to carry our programs and mission, not just in the IHS federally funded programs but in the tribal programs and the urban programs. For example, if there was a 2 percent decrease, that would probably be around $83 million. I will get you the exact number of that. Those would be cuts across the board that would impact services, and when we are dealing with the lowest funded health system per capita expenditures, every dollar counts, and so even small decreases do cause some of our programs to have to lay off staff or have to reduce services or those sorts of things.    But we hear the tribes always are telling us that they do not like sequestration and that they are hopeful that Congress could exempt not just Indian Health Service but all programs for tribes, and so that is what we hear from them. But there is no doubt it would have serious impact.    Dr. Roubideaux. Yes. Making sure we have qualified professionals is extremely important. The tribes want us to have the highest-quality providers possible. So we appreciate your interest in improving our credentialing.    I think in the past IHS had sort of different ways of doing it in all of the different areas. I have charged a new hospital consortium to meet and to look at how we can better maintain our accreditation standards, and a part of accreditation is credentialing, and so right now they are looking at whether a consistent system among the areas versus some tailoring of that would work, but we have made requirements to our sites to make sure all of our providers are credentialed and privileged before they actually practice. And it is just a matter of finding a good system for that. We have talked with the VA a little bit. We are looking at other systems, and that is--we are actively working on that right now.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we are very committed to implementing the electronic dental record in all 230 sites within the system, and the update is that we now have it at 169 sites, so we have made a lot of progress so there is 61 to go, and we have renewed our contract to be able to work with sites and give them technical assistance and help them with the capacity to be able to it. But you are absolutely right. The electronic dental record with its clinical and practice software really will help improve the quality of care, and I appreciate your support for that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we have an Early Childhood Caries Initiative that we have been implementing over the past 5 years. We just published a report of the baseline statistics back in 2010, and once we finish this fifth year we will be able to go back out and survey and see if we have been able to make a difference with an increased emphasis of, you know, getting fluoride and getting the care that the youth need for their dental issues and caries. And so we are very anxious to see what that data is, but it is going to take us a while to gather it and then analyze, but there is no doubt there is a huge problem with childhood dental caries, and we definitely have been working on activities over the last few years to try to improve that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, I think there is definitely significant need in that area as well, especially since we he the data to see that there are so many caries that need to be addressed, and we are definitely using the funds that we have as much as possible to provide the services that we have but there is definitely a need for more.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, thank you, and we will get you an updated chart on the per capita comparison of IHS expenditures per person versus other federal programs, and it is--it does show the need and does show the disparity.    The following ``2014 IHS Expenditures Per Capita'' graphic was submitted to the Subommittee for inclusion in the record:    Dr. Roubideaux. With regard to the Joint Venture Construction program, I appreciate your efforts and advocacy on that. Tribes have been wanting us to open up a new round of that where the tribe--because our health care facilities construction priority list still has about $2 billion to go to get through that, tribes have graciously come forward and said we would be willing to fund the construction if IHS could request the staffing. And so as you know, many Oklahoma tribes have been very successful at that.    We did open up a new round of Joint Venture Construction program. We had 37 pre-applicants. We narrowed it down to 13 final applicants. We just selected seven that will move forward sometime in the next few years, and we selected three to move forward this year, and I think you know that the Cherokee and Choctaw are among those three, so you get 66 percent of the ones who are moving forward this year from Oklahoma.    Dr. Roubideaux. But the tribes love this program and, you know, we are mindful of the difficult situation you are all in with the budget context and so we do not--even though the tribes want us to approve more of these programs, we are mindful of the fact that it is challenging to get any increases through, and so we are trying to approve and to move forward at a rate that is consistent with how we have been doing it in the past, and hopefully we can time the Congressional appropriations to the opening of these facilities because we do not want to get ahead of ourselves and have facilities built but no staffing. So we would love to work closely with you on that timing and to see if there is any way to move forward.    Dr. Roubideaux. Absolutely. We support the tribes' decision to choose what they want, and we have a responsibility if they want to stay with IHS and have us manage their programs, and we have the responsibility to help them as they move to managing their own programs, and there is no doubt that with some of the activities that we have had in Indian Health Service over the past few years of trying to work more closely with both sets of tribes, trying to consult more, trying to provide opportunities. We have Tribal Management grant programs that tribes can apply for help if they are thinking about contracting. We do have self-governance resources for them as well, and certainly with contract support costs, the Committee has really also honored tribal self-governance by fully funding contract support costs. That decision last year was really--the tribes really loved that, and we did too because it solves that issue of being able to fund.    But as you all know, a long-term solution is needed to prevent the adverse potential impact to the rest of the budget. I think that is why we are proposing CSC as mandatory and really want talk with you about how we might be able to do that so it benefits all tribes because most importantly, I have heard from all tribes that want self-governance, that want direct service. They want full contract support costs to support self-governance but they do not want an impact on the direct service tribes or the services, and so I am anxious to have those conversations with you.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we are actually doing quite a lot with the funding you have all helped us get for the Domestic Violence and Prevention Initiative. It has been funded since 2009. We have a little less than $8.9 million. Fifty-seven programs are funded, and I think that is the challenge is, we do not have enough funding to fund all the programs where it is needed. But of those programs that are funded, they are providing outreach and victim advocacy, intervention, treatment, policy development, community response teams. We are doing training of providers to be able to do the sexual assault examinations, to be able to use the forensic evidence collection kits accurately so that they can be used in court, and then we are training nurses to help with sort of not only the training but the counseling of the patients and making sure they get the care they need.    So we are using the funding that we have from the Domestic Violence Initiative to help, you know, sort of increase the capacity in our system to do that but it is clear there is more need.    Dr. Roubideaux. I would have to get back to you on that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Yes. The loan repayment program has been very helpful to us, and we appreciate the funding for that. It basically helps health care providers work in IHS and get their medical school loans paid or their health care provider school loans paid, and as you know, the cost of school is going up and so it is really difficult for especially primary care doctors to handle the debt that they have. It is a very popular program. We use the program to prioritize the sites with the highest needs since the funds are limited, and we also have our scholarship program, which is a pipeline to bringing more providers into our program for American Indians and Alaska Natives.    We are also--but we have a challenge, though, in that the loan repayment program and our scholarship program have an issue where portions of them are taxable and we have put a proposal in the budget to try to have--to ask Congress to help us to make them tax-exempt because it is very difficult for the providers to pay the loans and also have to be responsible for the taxes as well, and if we did not have to pay the tax part of it, we could fund more people with loan repayment.    So we are also in terms of recruitment and retention trying to make our salaries more competitive. We have the VA pay authorities that we are starting to use more aggressively to be able to get the salaries up, and these days you have to pay primary care doctors over $200,000 a year to compete with everybody else out there in the market because there is a shortage.    So loan repayment is very attractive. We work with National Health Service Corps on their loan repayment and scholarship program, with HRSA and the Department of Health and Human Services as well, so I appreciate your interest in this because it is a huge challenge that we have, and those are some of the program appropriations that the Committee gives us that we use to help fund those programs and activities.    Dr. Roubideaux. Really?    Dr. Roubideaux. Great.    Dr. Roubideaux. Yes. We have had a Public Health Nursing program for many years, and it really does help us get some of the additional care that individuals need and coordination of care outside of the hospital or transitioning from when they have actually been an inpatient and getting immunizations out and those sorts of things, and we also--our hospital consortium effort is to try to help reduce readmissions, and that involves a lot of people making sure when someone is discharged from the hospital, they go home, they need a lot of people to help them so they do not end up back in the hospital, and our Public Health Nursing program is very strong and it is mostly tribally run actually. A lot of the tribes have taken over the management of those programs. It does help transition people in different parts of their care, so it is very valuable to us.    Dr. Roubideaux. Absolutely.    Dr. Roubideaux. Yes. In the Indian Health Service, we actually have been working on some initiatives to improve quality of care, and this year is a year where I think we will start seeing the benefits of some of the planning we have been doing and start seeing some of these activities implemented.    One is the expansion of our Improving Patient Care program, the patient-centered medical home. We not only want people to--our sites to implement it, we also are asking them to become accredited, nationally accredited as patient-centered medical homes, and within that you have to demonstrate outcomes. You have to demonstrate that not only are you improving care but you are actually measuring those improvements and responding to what the patients need. So that helps throughout the system and that is sort of--we call it more of our outpatient improvement but it does apply throughout the system.    The other part is, as I said, the hospital consortium, looking at improving quality and safety in our hospitals, and I just asked our team to sit down and, you know, prioritize their actions for this year and how they are going to measure the success and who is responsible and accountable and what their timeline is, and so I am hoping towards the end of the year we are going to see some real outcomes and progress on that.    In addition, we have been meeting our clinical quality indicators under GPRA every year for a couple years so we have actually pushed the levels up, stretch goals to try to push for more progress, and so we are focusing efforts to try to get better outcomes as well.    Dr. Roubideaux. We are looking at those kinds of options because you are right, it does not make sense to have a provider to go to one facility, fill out one form, and then they move to another one and it is a totally different form. So I agree with you, that would be an efficiency that would make our business practices much better and be better customer service to our providers.    Dr. Roubideaux. Absolutely, and I appreciate your interest in that. We have actually been an early adopter of the electronic health record and administrative systems throughout the IHS system since 2007 and 2008, and so when the new initiatives came out for Meaningful Use of the electronic health record, we were perfectly suited to be able to participate in that, and the IHS Resource Patient and Management System, RPMS, is one of the lowest-cost open source available electronic health care record systems in the country, so our costs to run it are much less than others. And you are right, we are hearing in the private sector some of those other electronic health records are costing huge amounts, and that is a challenge for the tribes that have chosen to use them.    But our system, we are on a path with--we were certified in 2011 for Meaningful Use 1. We are now certified for 2014 certification, and actually the work we are doing right now very soon we will have that ability to share records, not only within the Indian Health Service but with other programs. It is the interoperability piece of Meaningful Use where you can share records. We are very excited about that because our patients are mobile. They move around a lot.    Dr. Roubideaux. Yes.    Dr. Roubideaux. It is absolutely on our radar screen. We are seeing that occurring more and more in our facilities, and that is why our clinical leadership are working on training our providers to know what they need to do to make sure they address it as soon as possible, and we recognize the science.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, our current population served is 2.2 million American Indians and Alaska Natives. In terms of a projection to the future, we are happy to provide that to you, those statistics. We would need to do those calculations. But there is no doubt there is a need. President Shelly is right, we have a population--the Native population is growing very rapidly and that is a challenge for us with the limited funds that we have.    But we did try to address that in the budget by putting an increase for $57 million. It is about 81 percent of the total need, and we just are trying to balance other priorities in the budget and your constraints as well.    Dr. Roubideaux. To fully fund----    Dr. Roubideaux. To fully fund population growth in fiscal year 2016 would be $70.3 million.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we really wanted to but we had a challenge--we were challenged with all the other funding priorities and so sometimes our strategy is to try to fund as much as we can but to try to fund a little bit--a larger number of things but a little bit more. It does help us make progress. But it is a difficult choice because all of these priorities are important.    Dr. Roubideaux. Correct.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, to your first point, if we did not get the Special Diabetes Program reauthorized, it would be devastating. All the success of the last 18 years of we finally have shown we can increase services. We have shown that we can improve quality. We have a really good evaluation of it. We have shown that we can actually prevent diabetes and reduce cardiovascular disease risk factors in our communities and our facilities rely on that funding to be able to do that, to have staff that can focus on it. And you know, we are finally at the point to where complications of diabetes are going down. End-stage renal disease new cases are going down. The rate of diabetes is sort of equalizing out. We are not seeing the big increases we were seeing before in youth, and so there is actual data showing it is effective. So it would not make any sense to take an effective program that is operating on an amount of funding that, you know, a lot of people think is not enough, but they are still showing huge outcomes. It would be horrible for us to lose that. I would really ask you to help us with securing reauthorization.    You know, the Special Diabetes Program for Indians did help us learn how to better take care of chronic diseases. IHS for many years has used the chronic care model to work on chronic diseases, and, you know, it is no longer the case that people mostly have just one medical condition. Many people have several medical conditions, and so the coordination of those chronic diseases is really critical, and so I think the Special Diabetes Program for Indians is a great model of how to do that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we certainly hope you go for a fifth year of exceeding our proposal, but if not, if you cannot do that, we would be happy to talk with you more about these priorities. They are all priorities to the tribes we serve and they are all priorities to us. It is very difficult for us to prioritize, but if we could provide more information to help the decision-making, we would be happy to do that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Well, we would be happy to give you more information. I started tallying out all sorts of outcomes and accomplishments, and when I got to page 19, I thought, you know, there is so much, it is hard to choose, but we would love to give you more information on that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Yeah, and culturally we sort of learn not to do that, but we have to do it here. This is so important.    The other thing is, I also hope we can talk about, I want you to know that the money you have given us we have spent effectively. We have been working on a number of improvements to make our operations more efficient. We have reduced travel by 50 percent. We have reduced conference expenditures by a third. We have been able to improve our budget execution and all those things.    Dr. Roubideaux. Save dollars for that.    Dr. Roubideaux. Okay.    Dr. Roubideaux. Absolutely. Most of our third-party reimbursements are with the Medicaid program, so we work very closely with them, and our facilities are very focused on trying to make sure we get those third-party reimbursements. We have an increased emphasis on the private insurance side of it as well, especially with the Affordable Care Act and especially with the increased coverage that we are seeing with our patients.    We are trying to make sure that we are maximizing our third-party collections and getting as many of those reimbursements as we can. We have developed a new third-party collection tool on the federal side that sort of monitors how it is going and it will raise red flags if a facility is not doing well, and so we do corrective actions there, so we have got some oversight of that to help, and that is why we are proposing in this budget a $10 million increase because we really--with all the new health care plans and all of the increased coverage, we just need more funding to help us in our most needy sites with capacity building and training and technical assistance and also outreach and education to the patients. The more we can help the patients apply for Medicaid or get health care coverage, the more that we can reimburse and the more revenues we have so the pressure would not be so much on all of you.    Dr. Roubideaux. Absolutely. The need is enormous. It is up to $2 billion need for all the Indian homes that we would serve, but we are, you know, very grateful to be able to propose an increase for sanitation facilities construction. We have not had that in the budget in previous years but we have heard that this Committee has actually been interested in it, and you have been interested in it as well, and so we are grateful for any resources that can go toward sanitation facilities construction. It is hard to imagine the challenges individuals have without having water and sewer in their home. It is just devastating to think about, and so I appreciate your help and support with this.    Dr. Roubideaux. Absolutely, there is no doubt there is a need there. If you look at census numbers, the majority of American Indians and Alaska Natives live in urban areas. IHS was actually designed to be for rural areas but they recognize the need that they are tribal members too and the federal responsibility applies to them.    We are very supportive of our urban programs. We do provide funding for them to provide services. They still need to be there for the people in those urban areas. They provide the only source of culturally appropriate care and services. Many American Indians and Alaska Natives are away from IHS and so they really need that help and so we would like to work with you.    We also just passed a new policy to confer with urban Indian organizations. It is part of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act Reauthorization. So I think we are very anxious to confer with the urban Indian organizations and to figure out ways that we can assist them and help them.