    Mr. Salmon. Subcommittee will come to order. Members present will be permitted to submit written statements that will be included in the official record.    Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions and extraneous materials for the record subject to the length limitation in the rules.    South China Sea is one of the toughest and most persistent problems in this subcommittee's jurisdiction. These maritime and territorial disputes are universally recognized as a long-term security challenge.    Mr. Salmon. Oh, I am sorry. Yes.    Mr. Salmon. Okay. Good.    Yes, Mr. Sherman will give his opening statement after the witnesses testify. He has actually got to go between a couple of different responsibilities today.    Back to what I was saying, the maritime and territorial disputes are universally recognized as a long-term security challenge and a potential short-term flashpoint.    Conflicting claims to the strategic waterways which connect maritime Asia endanger trade, transportation, commerce and energy flows, creating the risk of conflict.    China has taken the riskiest and most dangerous actions of any of any party to the disputes, seizing territory far from its shores, fielding huge fleets of Coast Guard and fishing vessels to bolster its claims and constructing military outposts throughout contested zones to consolidate its strategic position.    Despite the dire and worsening situation, recent developments have given the South China Sea an unfulfilled potential for positive progress.    This summer, an Arbital Tribune, constituted under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, issued an eagerly anticipated ruling in a case between China and the Philippines, bringing legal certainty to the obvious truth that China's claims on the South China Sea are illegitimate.    Though the international community cheered the ruling, its influence is still uncertain. Since the tribunal announced its ruling, the uncertain status quo has persisted in the South China Sea, and there have been signals that China plans to take its construction efforts to the Scarborough Shoal, a sensitive area right off the Philippines' shores, which would be a serious escalation.    At the same time, China has moved aggressively to generate diplomatic cover for its legally untenable and unjustifiable claims. Throughout the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) China has used surrogates to disrupt and block consensus, successfully preventing unified statements on the issue, at least in regional summits. There are also obvious signs of intense efforts to win more southeast Asian support for China's position.    For instance, Thailand recently stated its support for China's so-called efforts to maintain peace in the South China Sea, though Thailand is not a claimant to that dispute and has traditionally remained neutral on the issue.    Conduct from the Philippines during this period has been more and more disappointing. The Philippines' victory before the international tribunal was a shining example of the peaceful resolution of a dispute between two states based on legal principle as opposed to force.    It demonstrated the value of the system of international law that states have used cooperatively to avoid major conflict for decades.    Despite this victory, the Philippines has not leveraged the ruling in its dealings with China. The cool response was at first lauded as savvy diplomacy, but since then, things have become decidedly worse.    The new President, Rodrigo Duterte, has called into question the Philippines' dedication to the rule of law, creating a domestic crisis of widespread extrajudicial killing.    He's engaged in childish name calling toward President Obama and our Ambassador to the Philippines. He's announced his intention to end a longstanding and successful counter terror cooperation in Mindanao, raised the possibility of increasing arms acquisitions from China and Russia and spoken of ending joint maritime patrols with the U.S. Navy.    At the same time, the importance of the Philippines' legal victory has been downplayed or avoided altogether. President Duterte has affirmatively avoided the topic in his discussions with Chinese interlocutors, and he deliberately declined to raise the issue in a recent high-profile speech, throwing away his prepared remarks on the ruling at the last minute.    To be sure, many ASEAN states have good reason to evaluate critically their capacity and will to resist China's influence on the issue.    In virtually every case, modest defense capabilities and close economic ties mean that China is an undeniably important partner for each ASEAN country.    By playing their cards close to their chest while signaling potential compromise with China, southeast Asian nations seem to be navigating the post-ruling uncertainties of the South China Sea extremely cautiously, feeling out bilateral options and seeking the most advantageous near-term result at the cost of a collective response that might better suit each of their needs.    As in many other realms, responsibility falls to the United States in the South China Sea, not just to advance our allies' and partners' interests but to protect our own.    Every nation has a stake in the rule of law, the protection of territorial integrity and in peaceful dispute resolution.    In southeast Asia, where a vacuum of strategic military strength is being filled by China's rising forces, these interests are in jeopardy.    It falls to us to back stop our partners with our own strength and integrity and to remind those nations faltering under China's self-serving diplomatic assault what is at stake.    With our expert panel today, we will review the developments in the South China Sea disputes following the Arbital ruling with an eye toward formulating policy options to protect the freedom of navigation, the rule of law and peaceful dispute resolution.    We will also be looking to strengthen rather than weaken our relationships in the region in response to this challenge. And I look forward to the witnesses' recommendations for that as well. And, as we have mentioned earlier, the ranking member will make his opening statements after your comments.    And so I will start with the panel. Mr. Elbridge Colby, Senior Fellow at the Center for a New American Security; Dr. Dean Cheng, Senior Research Fellow at The Heritage Foundation's Asia Studies Center; Dr. Amy Searight, senior advisor and director of the Southeast Asia Program at CSIS; and Amitai Etzioni--did I say that right?    Mr. Salmon. Oh, good. Professor of international affairs at the George Washington University. We thank the panel for joining us today and for their expertise, and I will start with you, Mr. Colby.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Cheng.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Dr. Searight.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    I'm going to turn to Mr. Sherman and let him make his opening statement.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    I would like to ask the panellists, why should we care about the South China Sea? Is it the same as the disputes that Australia has or other disputes across the world when it comes to maritime space? Why is this one significant? Any panellists--Dr. Searight?    Mr. Salmon. I just have a follow-up question, and I will go to you next, Mr. Colby. But my follow-up question is kind of an adjunct to what I just asked.    If the United States takes a back seat on this issue and we don't really weigh in on what's going on in the South China Sea with some of these disputes, what could be the outcome, and why should we care?    Mr. Salmon. Dr. Etzioni.    Mr. Salmon. Thanks.    Mr. Cheng.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman.    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Rohrabacher.    Mr. Salmon. Yesterday, it was Skittles, and today it is Mountain Dew.    Mr. Salmon. We need to move to Mr. Bera.    Mr. Salmon. Mr. Chabot.    Mr. Salmon. I understand they also just cut the number of visas from Taiwan to China almost in half----    Mr. Salmon . Just because of the election of President Tsai.    Mr. Salmon. In retaliation or to----    Mr. Salmon. Thank you.    We talked today about Mountain Dew and beer and all kinds of other things. I will use the Fram man commercial. He always used to say, ``Pay me now or pay me a lot more later.''    And I think that's the situation that we are in today. If we want to have a horrible problem, let's just ignore it because the more and more China bullies some of our partners in the region and we acquiesce or don't take part, the more position and ground that they gain it'll be very untenable maybe a few years from now.    And maybe the solutions then will either be impossible or incredibly painful as opposed to if well, if we act today and do what we need to to make sure that the rule of law is returned to that maritime space, then I believe that by doing that we actually avoid a much greater conflict that would be a lot more painful to the United States.    And so I really appreciate the witnesses that came today. It was a very, very informative session and my hope is that our leaders in this country keep a sharp eye on that problem because if it escalates it could escalate very quickly and very badly and the costs of dealing with a problem that escalates out of control are far worse than tackling it now when it is manageable.    So I thank the witnesses for being here today, and this subcommittee is now adjourned.