    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for convening this hearing on the six pieces of legislation before our committee. I am pleased to see that some of the bills we are considering here today are true efforts to improve program integrity in Medicaid in ways that will strengthen the Medicaid program. That is a longstanding priority of mine, and there is still some technical work to be done, but the draft proposal that would build on authority given to CMS and states to terminate fraudulent providers from the Medicaid program is a worthwhile policy.    We need to do a better job in this area to make sure that providers eliminated in one state are no longer able to cross state lines and continue to be reimbursed for bad care for beneficiaries, and this legislation will do that. And I look forward to working with my colleagues on the proposal.    The proposed legislation under consideration today that would encourage our territories, like Puerto Rico, to invest in the creation of Medicaid fraud control units that over the long term bring dollars back to beneficiaries is a no-brainer.    I have to say, however, that another bill, H.R. 1570, requiring Web site information about the territories beyond Puerto Rico is a dramatic step, and I prefer to start first with the request to the agency for that information before enacting a law to that effect. While not harmful, this approach seems rigid and misguided.    I appreciate the interest in cracking down on fraud in the personal care services and home and community-based care space. Ensuring beneficiaries actually receive quality PCS to which they are entitled is an issue of serious importance and one that I look forward to working with this committee on further. HHS and the Office of the Inspector General have published an extensive body of work examining Medicaid personal care services and has found significant and persistent compliance payment and fraud vulnerabilities that we will hear about today. I have concerns about H.R. 2446, as drafted, however. I do believe this issue should be addressed and look forward to a thorough review and assessment of recommendations for improvement.    Unfortunately, we aren't considering just program integrity bills today. The ultimate test for all Medicaid legislation should be to determine if the proposal supports overarching Medicaid objectives to strengthen coverage, expand access to providers, improve health outcomes, and increase the quality of care for beneficiaries. I believe that the majority of what we are looking at for program integrity in Medicaid today achieves these goals. However, efforts to scale back eligibility in the Medicaid program in any way is not program integrity, and it is not closing loopholes. Proposals like the one we have here today that purports to address this so-called plight of lottery winners in Medicaid I think are completely unnecessary from a practical perspective. We have several checks in place and states already have the authority they need, but far more concerning is that H.R. 2339 is not about lottery winners at all; it is about undermining the streamlined coordinated eligibility approach the ACA established by allowing states to count lump-sum income that an individual may receive as though it were income that the individual is receiving for 1 to 20 years after actual receipt. And by ``lump sum,'' we are not talking about lottery winners; we are talking about uncompensated care settlement payments, Social Security disability back pay. We are talking about eliminating coverage for up to 20 years for a child on Medicaid because they have a parent that finally got a break with a little bit of income from selling the family home. Proposals like these that would undermine the coverage for millions of low-income individuals, including some of our most vulnerable children and seniors, are punitive to beneficiaries.    Reviewing our final bill here today, H.R. 1771, I am pleased that perhaps we can have a discussion about long-term care insurance or the lack thereof. I appreciate this legislation's effort to ensure spousal impoverishment protections remain when one spouse must enter a nursing home.    As many of you know, I was a strong supporter of the CLASS Act that has since been repealed, and I have called repeatedly for a real discussion about a long-term care benefit that a middle-income family can depend on to be there when they need it. We have no long-term care insurance in this country, and until we are ready to have a discussion about improving options in the long-term care insurance marketplace, I am concerned about changes to Medicaid eligibility in this space even for a very small amount of individuals.    Mr. Chairman, I have said repeatedly that the Medicaid program is the bedrock of the Nation's safety net. I take protecting Medicaid seriously, and I have used some of the good program integrity proposals we have to consider here today as efforts to advance that goal. However, Medicaid is the lifeline of nearly 72 million children, elderly, and low-income individuals depend on for health coverage. And I will never support a proposal that would take that coverage away.    So I want to thank you again for calling this hearing, and I look forward to working with you further to consider some of these initiatives, Mr. Chairman, and having a thoughtful discussion. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. I understand that we have a piece of legislation here to tighten up eligibility in the Medicaid long-term care space, and I think this bill has been drafted in a way that it is careful, unlike the other eligibility legislation under consideration today, and it is drafted to guard against unintended consequences that can be harmful for beneficiaries.    However, I still remain concerned about tightening eligibility in Medicaid when overall we have no other alternative for people of low and moderate income to invest in long-term care planning so that a long-term care benefit is there for people when they need it. So before we start tightening up on Medicaid, we need to have a real conversation on long-term care in this country so that we don't take away the lifeline for people without having any other options in place.    The reality is that this legislation would change the historical consideration of a spouse's income as separate and that is a big precedent to set in the absence of long-term care reform in this country.    In addition, I understand that income and resource counting in the various eligibility pathways for long-term care in the Medicaid program are incredibly complex already.    Ms. Riley, I know that MACPAC has done a fair amount of work in Medicaid, so can you give us an overview of the commission's work on long-term care and any recommendations you have in that regard?    Mr. Pallone. And I understand used to be the Director of Aging in Maine. What areas of recommendations can you share for our consideration based on the challenges that you encountered in your operational experience?    Mr. Pallone. Well we are all aging in place.    Mr. Pallone. I can just say I guess many people probably already know this, but I just hate the whole spend down provision. I think it is awful. I am so tired after 27 years in Congress of having these people call up my office who are involved in spend down and all the terrible implications of that. And I would really like to see them--and I know not to take away from the chairman or our Republican colleagues, I know they are not going to be in favor of some kind of Medicare, new Medicare benefit for long-term care, but I really think we need to, we really need to do that at some point because the way we operate where we make people spend down and then go on Medicaid is just, I can't imagine, I have never looked, but I can't imagine any other country in the world operates that way. It is just the most stupid thing to do. And availability of long-term care insurance is very, very limited. If anything, it seems like it is more limited.    And I know that when we did the Affordable Care Act, that we were subject to certain spending limitations. And so we really couldn't address this. We tried to do the CLASS Act and that got repealed with regard to community-based care. But for constitutional care, we just can't continue to operate this way. And I just hope at some point, Mr. Chairman, even though there may be Republican opposition, that we can have some kind of hearing or deal with this larger issue of paying for long-term care in a different way than we do. So thank you very much.