    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This is a great hearing. I appreciate the witnesses' comments. And, certainly, I am a big supporter of Mr. Pompeo's bill.    As we move into an area that I like to equate to hydrofracking, the scare tactics, the disinformation, the misinformation, the outright lies surrounding the safety of hydrofracking took on a life of their own for several years, to the point New York State banned hydrofracking. And, lo and behold, the EPA finally came out with an exhaustive study that said without any doubt that hydrofracking, when done properly, is absolutely safe and does not impose any risks on groundwater contamination. But for 2 years, people were on the Internet showing tap water coming out of the taps and putting a lighter to it and starting it on fire and scaring the bejesus out of the public, that, oh, my God, if that is hydrofracking, you are going to be drinking contaminated water.    I compare that very similar to where we are today on this GMO debate. The opponents of it, like hydrofracking, have gotten out in front and basically said GMO equals bad, GMO equals dangerous. And so now people are at a point where, if they put anything to do with GMOs on their label, the average consumer, from misinformation and disinformation, is going to say, I don't want to buy that. Well, that is a tragedy for America, for the American consumer, and it just is, unfortunately, the facts of the life we live in.    Also, the other issue that I know is problematic is, if every state creates their own labeling standards, if every town and every county, if all 62 counties in New York create their own labeling standard, the types of costs that are going to be passed on to consumers would be mind-boggling.    We have a Cheerios plant just outside of my district, and if every box of Cheerios, you had to create a thousand different boxes because every village, every city, every town, every county, every state in America decided to willy-nilly pass their own laws, you wouldn't be able to afford a box of Cheerios.    And, frankly, as the supply and demand chain goes for a very small state with very few consumers, they would just stop selling in that state. Vermont can go do what they want, but somebody might say, based on the cost of serving a very small market, I guess we will just no longer sell our product into that market. That is what consumers seriously need to be worried about.    So I am just very happy that the FDA would be--we are asking them to do a study on the safety, like we asked the EPA to do a study on the safety of hydrofracking and it came back safe. And I am confident the same study will show that to be the case for GMOs.    And I do think that Congress does have a role to play if there is labeling. We need to be preemptive and cut out the states from willy-nilly, putting out a thousand different sets of regulations. I am a small-government, local-decision-making guy, but this is a place for the Federal Government to step forward.    But an observation and question, perhaps, to Mr. Blasgen: Cornell University, just, again, outside my district, did a study, and the study was: What would be the cost--now, this is certainly an estimate, but they did an actual data-based study--to the average consumer in America were these willy-nilly labeling by state, by town, by county, by village to go forward? And it was $500 at the end. They concluded the average family would be paying an additional $500 a year just for these labels on boxes. And $500 is a significant dent for getting nothing more than the cost on the producers.    And I just wondered, Mr. Blasgen, have you seen similar studies? Does that make sense? Let's be honest with the consumers: do you want to pay an extra $500 a year?    Mr. Collins. Yes.    And do you also agree that there is certainly a risk that if a city, town, village, state, especially a small one, decided to pass a labeling law, there would be a fair chance that the supply chain would just simply stop providing that product into that market?    Mr. Collins. You are going to look at your cost, you are going to look at your return and say, you know what, sorry, just not going to sell it into that market anymore. That is what America is all about, with choice and competition.    Well, thank you all for your comments today. And I look forward to a study showing that GMOs, in fact, are safe.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.