    Dr. Woteki. Thank you, Chairman Conaway.    The Chairman. Microphone. The microphone. You will need to pull it closer.    Dr. Woteki. I know how to operate these things, yes.    The Chairman. We will have to have you up here more often so you can get better trained.    Dr. Woteki. Chairman Conaway, distinguished Members of the Committee, it is really our honor to be testifying before you this afternoon about the research, education, and economics mission area.    As you noted, Mr. Chairman, I am accompanied by the leaders of the four agencies within this mission area, and I request that our written testimony be entered into the record, and I will briefly summarize that testimony.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Dr. Woteki. The United States, as well as the world, is facing a food security challenge. Investments in research are a critical factor in our ability to provide the future generations with food and provide the additional services that will be demanded of agriculture.    The REE mission area agencies conduct and sponsor research our country needs to keep our food supply safe, secure, and abundant; to ensure profitability to our farmers and ranchers; to improve nutrition and food safety for lifelong health; to reduce pollution related to agricultural practices; to safeguard natural resources, and to address our nation's energy needs.    The four REE agencies play important and complementary roles in developing the scientific understanding to tackle these issues. ARS, with its network of 2,000 scientists at 90 different locations across the country, works to protect agriculture and transfer its research results to the marketplace.    NIFA funds research at universities that integrates research, education, and extension to ensure that groundbreaking discoveries go beyond the laboratory and make their way to farmers, ranchers, classrooms, and communities where Americans can put this knowledge into practice to improve their lives.    ERS performs economic research and analysis that guide program and policy decisions throughout the Department, and NASS conducts numerous surveys as well as a Census of Agriculture issues over 400 reports annually that provide accurate, timely, and useful official statistical data on national, state, as well as county levels about production, supply, price, and other aspects of U.S. agriculture.    The land-grant universities are valued partners in all these research, education, and statistical activities. REE's work in the food and agricultural science is based on the premise that the Federal Government has a role in advancing scientific knowledge to promote our nation's social and economic well-being. REE does this by investing in areas in which for-profit industry does not invest, and a good example of this is fundamental science, or also called basic research. It also collaborates with the public-sector academia and the private-sector to amplify research outcomes and impacts.    The 2014 Farm Bill has been very important to us. In it, Congress underscored its interest in developing public-private partnerships in the agriculture, research, education, and extension realm through four different initiatives: Matching funds provision that encourages prospective NIFA grantees to partner with land-grant universities; the facilitation of commodity promotion boards participating in NIFA's competitive grants program; incentivizing a research consortia to form centers of excellence and to apply for selected NIFA grants; and also, Congress created a new private not-for-profit foundation for food and agricultural research.    In keeping with the Administration's effort to break down silos, the REE agencies are actively encouraged to seek efficiencies, collaborate, and to form partnerships. And one example of this approach is the way that we have been addressing highly-pathogenic avian influenza. ERS has been assessing the impacts of this disease on domestic and global poultry markets.    NIFA has been supporting university researchers in extension education to develop new tools that help producers better prevent, control, and manage this year's outbreaks. And ARS scientists have been working in connection with APHIS, not only to identify the specific strains involved, but also to develop a vaccine against the virus as well as better detection technologies.    Our written testimony provides additional examples.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, despite the significant efforts by recent farm bills and the annual spending bills to restructure, reorganize, reauthorize, repeal outmoded provisions, agriculture science in the United States is really at a crossroads. It is no secret that the American research enterprise needs additional resources.    Our written testimony makes reference to an ERS analysis, indicating that a small increase each year in real term, about a one percent increase in the research of that investment, would yield an 80 percent increase in agricultural productivity by the year 2050.    So, Mr. Chairman, we thank you for the interest that this Committee has in agricultural research, education, and economics. And my colleagues and I are eager to answer any questions you might have. Thank you.    Dr. Woteki. Yes. So the report that I am referring to is an analysis that ERS has done that has shown that projecting out to mid-century, when the expected food demand is going to demand an increase in productivity not only in the United States, but around the world, that a one percent real increase in the appropriation going to agricultural research will result in a productivity increase of about 80 percent over that period of time.    The Chairman. So there is a direct line between dollars spent and productivity increases and research?    Dr. Woteki. Historically that has been the case.    The Chairman. Okay. So it is just--okay.    Dr. Woteki. And increasingly, in the United States, in the past decades, our increases in agricultural productivity have come directly from scientific innovation, and our farmers know how to implement that. So it is essentially a combination of research, innovation, and education.    The Chairman. Yes. It is not all at the Federal level. There is a lot of private research done as well, scientific dollars that are spent as well, right?    Dr. Woteki. That tends to be more commercialization of----    The Chairman. The basic science.    Dr. Woteki. Well, thank you, Congressman, for asking about the return on investment as well as what are the implications for farmers today, because I know that is constantly on the top of our mind.    There have been a variety of studies that have been done over the years about, well, what is this investment in ag research actually returning to the economy. And a recent analysis by Dr. Phil Pardy at the University of Minnesota has taken all of these studies together and re-analyzed them to look at what is the annualized rate of return on the research investment in agriculture science, and this recent analysis indicates that that return on the investment is about ten percent, which is pretty good.    And it is also similar to returns on investment from other areas of science. Agriculture tends to have more historical data associated with our scientific investment, so there has been quite a bit of this type of economic analysis done.    To your question about what does that mean for the farmer today. It means a lot of different things. Agriculture is so diverse in this country, the week before last in Salinas, California I met with a group of lettuce and leafy green farmers, and they are really worried about water issues, and they are also constantly battling new diseases that have emerged. And from research that ARS has done over the years, just over this past year, they have introduced about a dozen new lettuce varieties that are resistant to downy mildew, a big problem in the lettuce industry.    For the citrus industry, they have introduced a new root stock that is resistant to the citrus greening disease. We have also, through the investment that we have just been talking about that NIFA makes to the land-grant universities, provide funding that supports cooperative extension that allows these wonderful research universities to be able to prepare and actually provide to farmers a synthesis of what we know about the problem that they themselves are facing.    So there is a variety of different ways that farmers are getting a real return on investment right now.    Dr. Woteki. Well, we agree with you that American agriculture is enormously productive, and we are, remember, the research arm of the Department. We do have in the statistical agencies, NASS and ERS, the capability for generating the kind of information that will provide a lot of insights into markets and that also are very useful to you in making policy decisions.    There are, through the Economic Research Service, in particular, a variety of different studies that shed some light on these questions of U.S. competitiveness in the marketplace, and I would commend those to you.    Dr. Woteki. Well, we need to take a two-pronged approach towards our research activities to really be able to face that demand for food, and as I mentioned in the testimony, all of the other services that are going to be demanded of agriculture; clean water, contributing to the bioeconomy, and beyond that, being sustainable into all of the future generations to come after that.    So the two-pronged approach is, first of all, to focus on agricultural productivity and to do the kind of fundamental research that is going to provide us with insights into how we can increase productivity, given less inputs, less land, less water, perhaps less fertilizer and to be able to produce a wide variety of health promoting foods with that type of input.    The second prong is to focus on agricultural systems at the landscape level, and how can we be promoting the long-term thinking as well as the adaptations that our rural communities are going to have to make to support these systems of integrated livestock and crop production that will be long-term sustainable.    So we are approaching the research towards increasing productivity by following those two pathways. If you look at the way that we have structured our research priorities, they reflect that, so that is, very briefly, how we are looking to structure our agricultural research program to meet all of those demands.    Dr. Woteki. Well, I have been following the recent controversies that have involved some of the faculty at the University of Florida, I was visiting last week with the Dean of Agriculture at Iowa State University, some of their faculty have also been FOIA'd, and quite frankly, it is a situation that we in the government research agencies also face all of the time with frequent FOIA requests.    Dr. Woteki. Well, what I was going to go on to say is that we do live in a very open society, and one of the premises of our government is transparency. So the open access laws at the state level and the Federal level are being now being used in some ways that perhaps make us uncomfortable and also make it difficult for us to respond.    But I do believe that one of the best ways for the scientific community to operate in this kind of environment is to continue to be open about our science, to participate and have activities like cooperative extension that can provide the kind of messaging off of the science to the general public about what this investment is actually bringing to them.    Dr. Woteki. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Thompson, 5 minutes.    Dr. Woteki. Well, that has already been a particular interest of ours to increase the commercialization of research findings, results, products of our research, and also to use a lot of the research that is done to inform the program and the policy decisions that other parts of the Department are making.    The research can also find many applications in improving the decisions, the Food Safety Inspection Service, or FSIS makes as well. But on commercialization side, we talked a little bit about already about ARS. They do have an Office of Technology Transfer that actively seeks to patent and then license the research that ARS is doing, and they are also working to develop a more entrepreneurial skilled scientific workforce within ARS.    NIFA, in the work that it supports at universities, has also been very much promoting the idea that universities should be trying to commercialize the results of the research investment that the agency makes, and I know both Dr. Ramaswamy and Dr. Jacobs-Young can give you some specific examples of programmatic activities they have under way.