    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Comey, thanks for being here. It's good to see you a second day in a row.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I want to ask you a couple cybersecurity issues. Before I do that, I did want to follow up from a question I asked you at the Homeland Security Committee yesterday. We had a brief exchange about the President's decision to take in 10,000 Syrian refugees over the next year. And as we talked about, that's a 500 or 600 percent increase over prior years.    And I had indicated to you that, humanitarian concerns aside, I was troubled with respect to the national security aspects of it, as you're hearing from many of my colleagues here, particularly because ISIS has said that it would use or would try to use the refugee process to get into the United States. And further to that point, as you've testified, our own databases don't have information on some of these individuals, so there are gaps of intelligence there.    So we had a discussion about that figure of 10,000 yesterday. I guess if you had been the sole decider on that issue, what figure would you have recommended to the President?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I understand that. I know the FBI is not a policymaking body with respect to that issue. But as you recall, we had a discussion. I asked Secretary Johnson the same thing, and he assured me that there was an interagency process.    But I guess what I'm trying to get at was, is this a figure that the Administration presented to you and said, you know, meet the security obligations that come with this, or was this part of a process where there was actually input from folks like you that should be providing input on what that number would be?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, you understand the concern that we would hope that these decisions were driven by intelligence rather than political reasons or pressure from our European allies or other folks around the world. And so that's why I asked the question.    But turning to cybersecurity, and I Chair the Subcommittee on Cyber at Homeland, and in your written testimony you said--I want to make sure I get this right--``An element of virtually every national security threat and crime problem the FBI faces is cyber-based or facilitated.'' And I want that to sink in for everyone because it's such an important point for us to consider in our oversight of the FBI. I think it really speaks to the gravity of the issue here that you're seeing a cyber element to almost every national security threat and crime problem.    So aside from the encryption issue, which I've had the opportunity to hear you talk about in the past, what are the major challenges that you face in detecting and prosecuting cybercrime right now at the FBI?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you, Director.    So the issue of insider threats has been described by at least some as the greatest threat to businesses that operate in cyberspace. And of course we all saw the scale of that threat with respect to Edward Snowden. I know that the Department of Justice has asked Congress for clarity on the law in this area for assistance in prosecuting insiders who access sensitive data that they're not authorized to, and I want to give you an opportunity to elaborate on that from your perspective.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, good.    My time has expired, but like everyone else, I want to express my thanks. Of course I had the opportunity to work for you, both when you were the Acting Attorney General and as the Deputy Attorney General, and because of that I have great confidence in you. And I am grateful for your continued service and am comforted by the fact that you're in the Director's chair and that you're the person making such important decisions about our Nation's security. So thank you.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.