    Chairman HANNA. The memorandum from members of the DOD testimony, members of our Committee, it references information which supposedly was provided to the Committee. Unfortunately, even though both Minority and Majority staff requested this information several weeks ago, it was not provided.    DOD did provide it to the Senate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, who were kind enough to share it with us. Last night after DOD told staff they could not get the information--I would like to say that is not right, it is not fair to waste our time, and generally there is no excuse for it. It hindered the ability of this Committee to provide thorough and thoughtful oversight.    I would remind our witnesses that what happens in this room is for the public good, and we are here for their benefit, and they deserve better than this. That is directed to you, Mr. Wesley, with all due respect. I think it is only fair if I give you a minute to respond.    Chairman HANNA. I believe you because I know it is out there. The problem is we might not have had this hearing at this date had we known there was information that was not provided that should have been provided.    Chairman HANNA. It makes our hearing incomplete.    Chairman HANNA. Well, I suggest to you that your staff, whoever told you Friday, is culpable.    Chairman HANNA. Is that right?    Chairman HANNA. Apparently we talked to you two weeks ago. We all know where we are on this. Would you like to say anything about this before we move on?    Chairman HANNA. Get to the point, right. Thank you very much. Thank you for being here.    The Federal Government has long seen the value of having successful businesses mentor small and emerging businesses, 13 Federal programs have sprung up to encourage mentor-protege relationships. However, a 2011 Government Accountability Office report questioned the long term effectiveness of these programs.    At that time, the Subcommittee examined these programs and examined whether some inadvertently led small businesses to make decisions that would ultimately disqualify them from Federal contracting. In other words, in its effort to help small businesses, the Federal Government may have harmed those small businesses.    As a result, this Committee included improvements to the civilian agency and Small Business Administration mentor-protege programs as part of the National Defense Reauthorization Act for 2013.    I would like to say Ranking Member Chu was part of that at the time. She actually led that.    As SBA is beginning to implement these changes, now is the right time to ask three questions. The first question is obvious. Are the changes the SBA is making improving the operation of civilian agency and Government-wide mentor-protege programs? The second question goes to the heart of the problem, how are SBA and the Department of Defense, DOD, defining success under the various programs, and are we able to see if any program deliver on its promises. The third question, duplication. While there may be a need for separation of DOD mentorship programs, are there better ways to harmonize all the mentor-protege programs.    Mentor-protege programs require both parties to invest significant time and resources. Federal agencies provide incentives for mentors to make these commitments and must also approve and oversee the programs.    We owe it to the taxpayer and program participants alike to ensure that Federal mentor-protege1 programs ultimately increase the competitive viability of small contractors, so we can all reap the benefits of a healthier industrial base.    I look forward to hearing your testimony today, and I turn to the ranking member for her opening comments.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you. If members have opening statements prepared, I ask they submit them for the record.    You have five minutes. When the light goes yellow, you have another minute. We will be lenient. We have a small panel today. I think we will have time. We do want to hear what you have to say.    Before we get started, I would like to welcome Congressman Bridenstine, who is joining us today for purposes of this hearing. Thank you for being here, sir.    We have one panel today. Our first witness is John Shoraka, the Associate Administrator for Government Contracting and Business Development at the Small Business Administration. His office has jurisdiction over size standards, small business goals, and contracting regulation, as well as Government contracting and business development programs.    Our second witness today is Mr. Kenyata Wesley, the Acting Director of Small Business Programs at the Department of Defense. Mr. Wesley is responsible for the small business program and policy, including the SBIR and STTR, and mentor-protege programs.    Thank you both for being here. Mr. Shoraka, you can begin.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you. Mr. Wesley?    Chairman HANNA. Thank you, Mr. Wesley. I am going to ask Ranking Member Chu to ask the first question. Her knowledge in this subject is much greater than anyone else on this panel, I am guessing.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you. The fiscal year 2016 NDAA would have required DOD to assess affiliations between potential mentors and proteges prior to admitting them to the program.    This raises three questions, and they go to both of you. First, is there reason to believe there is an affiliation between perspective mentors and proteges before they enter the program. Second, does DOD have the capability to perform this assessment. Third, does SBA have any concerns allowing another agency to make these determinations.    Chairman HANNA. We are asking about before they enter the program.    Chairman HANNA. It would be after the fact brought on by a third party.    Chairman HANNA. Let me ask you something. Part of this is to create a bank, if you will, of companies that are ready to go. That makes sense, on its face, but you mentioned in your opening statement that part of what you want to do is keep these companies in business, doing business, after they leave.    How do you do that and maintain the integrity of the bidding process in terms of competitiveness, being the low bidder? It sounds as though you just would have to find a way to keep these companies going. I hope that is not the case.    Chairman HANNA. Are there rules around the points that can be given?    Chairman HANNA. What standard do you use to establish that recommendation?    Chairman HANNA. If you are going to say that, you must have a reason.    Chairman HANNA. Do you use a subjective method to say maybe for this company, there is not as much need for what they do, as opposed to there is enough in the marketplace?    Chairman HANNA. Or is everybody just treated----    Chairman HANNA. Congressman Bridenstine? I am sorry. Mrs. Lawrence? Forgive me.    Chairman HANNA. Congressman Bridenstine?    Chairman HANNA. Thank you. Ms. Clarke?    Chairman HANNA. Thank you. I appreciate your testimony. You were both well prepared and clearly know your subject matter.    If there are no further questions for these witnesses, I want to thank you again for your testimony. Given the President's veto of fiscal year 2016 NDAA, and we hope to work through that, the future of the DOD mentor-protege program is in limbo. Congress must act to reauthorize the program, and as we do, I hope we will consider making the appropriate reforms.    Likewise, as the SBA moves to finalize its rules on Government-wide and civilian agency specific mentor-protege agreements, I hope it will do so and trust it will do so thoughtfully.    I also hope that we are all agreed that the mentor-protege program must successfully demonstrate benefits to the companies and taxpayers by ensuring that the small businesses are better able to compete for contracts when they exit the program.    I look forward to working with my colleagues on these issues, and thank you all for your participation today.    Everyone has five legislative days to amend. I should know that by now. I ask unanimous consent that members have five legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record. Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned.