    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Chairman, thank you.    And, Mr. Commissioner, thank you for being here.    As we sit here today, just bringing a little commonsense to this, a vast majority of Americans believe today that our country is headed in the wrong direction, and they want us, the people elected by them, just to fix it. And I want to go on record as saying I don't apologize for trying to fix it.    And when I look here and I recognize that a vast majority of Americans no longer trust their government, that creates a crisis of confidence in our government. And they have a good reason to believe that. And I don't apologize for asking how we fix that, when I see gag orders issued by the Pentagon where they don't even allow individuals over there to testify or meet with Members of Congress, we see evidence that is being destroyed, we see misrepresentation of facts to Congress. That is something we should come together and try to fix.    And so everybody has asked you what is appropriate, testimony from the other side. So I want to ask you this: What do you feel is appropriate as the IRS commissioner? Should you be held to a lower standard than the taxpayers subject to your jurisdiction, a higher standard, or the same standard? What do you think is appropriate for us to hold you to?    Mr. Forbes. Should you be held to at least an equal standard to taxpayers that are subject to your jurisdiction?    Mr. Forbes. And if that is the case, wouldn't you agree that if a taxpayer were sitting where you were sitting with the same responses that you are giving, that that taxpayer would be in a lot of trouble before the Internal Revenue Service?    And let me just throw this out to you: If the facts show that you lied to Congress and I am not saying they did; if they show that you lied to Congress or that you mismanaged your office, what do you believe is appropriate for Congress to do to try to fix it? You have already said you don't think that impeachment is the right thing. What do you think is appropriate? Should we just do nothing and let that continue, or should we just keep coming back in here and saying, oh, we are not going to do it again?    Mr. Forbes. I am not talking about the hearings. I am talking about the conclusions from the hearings.    Mr. Forbes. You said that you didn't think impeachment was appropriate. Mr. Jordan said he didn't think you should continue to hold that office. If a taxpayer were here, you said you should be held to the same standards as that taxpayer.    Mr. Forbes. That taxpayer would have had to pay the IRS.    Mr. Forbes. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You are not going to tell me that if a taxpayer comes to you and has filed a faulty tax return and then just says, oh, I am sorry, I didn't know that was the case, that you are going to let him off the hook?    Mr. Forbes. What do you owe for misrepresenting something to Congress?    And let me just say this to you, Mr. Commissioner: What incentive is it when you come here to testify before us if you can consistently just say, I don't know? Isn't it a great incentive for you not to do due diligence, to find out? You could have told the Committee I don't know, but when you make an affirmative statement, doesn't that put you under some responsibility to have made sure you have ascertained that?    And the second thing, my friends on the other side of the aisle consistently love to say they didn't find any affirmative action that you did to order that information would be impeded from going to Congress. Don't you have an affirmative duty to do everything you can to make sure that doesn't take place?    Mr. Forbes. In hindsight, did you do everything you could do to find out if you were making accurate statements before Congress? And did you do everything you could do to make sure that evidence getting to Congress wasn't being impeded?    Mr. Forbes. That is not my question. My question is----    Mr. Forbes. Did you do everything within your power to find that information? You said you were given assurances. Is that what you just relied on, that one person told you that?    Mr. Forbes. So you just can rely on those experts to tell you that, and that is enough for you?    I just close by saying, Mr. Chairman, the commissioner says he should be the same standard of the taxpayer. If a taxpayer was sitting there, Mr. Commissioner, I think you know, he would be in a world of hurt.    And with that, I yield back, Mr. Chair.