    Mr. Khargonekar. Good morning, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Johnson, Committee members. Thank you for this opportunity to testify regarding the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer programs at the National Science Foundation. My name is Pramod Khargonekar. I am the Assistant Director for Engineering at National Science Foundation. The SBIR/STTR program at NSF is managed within the Division of Industrial Innovation and Partnerships and the Directorate for Engineering.    While NSF's primary mission is to advance the frontiers of science and engineering through basic research, the SBIR/STTR program is an integral part of the NSF strategy to stimulate innovation and address societal needs. This is achieved through the commercialization of results of fundamental research. We fund small businesses at very early stages when the technology risk is high and before the private sector is normally willing to invest.    Since the NSF is not the ultimate customer of resulting innovations, the NSF SBIR/STTR research topics are designed to address existing and emerging needs of the U.S. marketplace and the Nation as a whole. For example, NSF SBIR research brought about Symantec, which is now a global leader in cybersecurity. It was founded in 1982 by Gary Hendrix, who was funded by an NSF SBIR grant. Qualcomm, a world leader in wireless communications and computing technologies, also received NSF SBIR funding during the 1980s in its early years as a small business. Its co-founder, Irwin Jacobs, recently stated, and I quote, ``With one of the grants, we developed some of the first chips we did at Qualcomm, if not the first. Of course, making chips for cell phones is now about 2/3 of our revenue today, and that was the base.''    In the last four decades, NSF has been continuously innovating and exploring new approaches to stimulating small business-based technological innovations and commercialization. In 1998, NSF SBIR introduced a new supplemental program called Phase IIB. It is a platform to stimulate NSF-funded active Phase II grantees to attract additional private-sector funding for further technology commercialization.    In addition to providing funding in varying stages, we also assist awardees by providing them with experiential entrepreneurial education based in part on the NSF Innovation Corps, or I-Corps program. I-Corps helps entrepreneurs and their small businesses understand market needs and customers, thus increasing their chances of successful commercialization of new technologies.    Another program closely related to I-Corps is the Accelerating Innovation Research, or AIR. We frequently find that NSF-funded researchers apply for AIR grants first before pursuing I-Corps training. We are seeing strong interactions between these programs and our SBIR/STTR program where researchers with NSF-funded fundamental research advance to AIR first, then go through I-Corps, and then pursue SBIR/STTR funding. This pathway is getting strong and working extremely well.    We also many other translational research programs which complement our significant investments in fundamental scientific and engineering research.    SBIR and STTR are vital components of NSF's agenda to enable commercialization of technology stemming from basic research. We at NSF take great pride in having pioneered the SBIR program concept and continue to innovate to expand its impact.    Recently, there have been proposals to increase the set-aside percentages for SBIR/STTR whose ultimate effect will be to apportion a greater amount of the NSF research budget to the SBIR/STTR program.    NSF is the lead agency for the support of basic research at our Nation's universities. Our budget for basic research has been flat during this decade, and any further diminution will reduce the very discoveries that our country needs to remain an economic powerhouse and a global leader. We do support future growth in SBIR/STTR programs but urge that such growth be enabled through an overall budget increase for NSF.    NSF strongly supports a permanent reauthorization of SBIR/STTR and recommends that the annual set-aside percentages for the programs be maintained at fiscal year 2017 levels.    Lastly, I should note that NSF participated in interagency process to detail principles all the SBIR/STTR agencies can support for reauthorization, which include permanent reauthorization, growth in program through overall extramural research growth, and maintaining flexibility.    Madam Chairwoman, this concludes my testimony. On behalf of the National Science Foundation, the SBIR/STTR program, and our awardees, I want to thank you for this opportunity to highlight a program that provides small businesses with the means to keep America on the forefront of innovation and stimulate U.S. economic growth. We greatly appreciate the opportunity to work with you on reauthorizing SBIR and STTR. Thank you.    Dr. Khargonekar. I mean, that's an excellent question, and the National Academies study does talk quite a bit about metrics for success of the SBIR/STTR programs. We look at it as a program as a whole, which is really aimed at taking discovery in the lab to the real world, and we also think about I-Corps and other innovation programs as part of the overall ecosystem.    So in that regard, it's Phase II, Phase IIB funding which really makes it possible for the company's technology to become a real-world company with employment and revenues, and there the numbers are quiet encouraging. The vast majority of Phase IIB companies go on to become very successful companies and have revenues many years out into the future. We also look at intellectual property generated by these companies, and probably most importantly, it's the people because the people who go through these experiences then go on and start new companies throughout their careers. So I think one has to look at the whole system and look at the metrics from that point of view.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I know a lot of you had used the word ``ecosystem'' which I think is very important, how we create that innovative ecosystems so with our universities, with our businesses, and how do we get that ecosystem, you know, getting the input from the private sector too so as we're investing in these things, there's sort of a leveraging factor that gives it that extra oomph to start doing things. You know, how do you all see that playing out in what you're doing?    Dr. Khargonekar. So I think that's a really excellent and difficult question. We at NSF are very focused on this topic. Our latest initiative, NSF Includes, which is a Foundation-wide initiative, is aimed exactly at attracting women, underrepresented minorities, people with disabilities, people from low socioeconomic status, into science and engineering fields. In addition, in the SBIR program, this has been a really major area of focus and concern. As you correctly noted, the progress has been quite slow.    There are several things we are doing. One of the ways in which we use our administrative fee is for very strong outreach programs with our program officers and there is a group of program officers whose full-time job it is to run our SBIR/STTR, go out to these communities in terms of outreach. The Phase 0 program at NSF, it has two objectives, one of which is explicitly to reach out to women and underrepresented minorities in terms of forming companies.    So this remains a major priority for the Foundation, for the SBIR program, and we would love to see faster and more--and stronger progress, and we will continue to work on this problem until we achieve success. Thank you.    Dr. Khargonekar. I think one of the areas that we are very excited about in the Engineering Directorate is our focus on advanced manufacturing. First of all, historically, NSF has made pioneering contributions in that area. The whole 3D printing industry came out of NSF-funded research in the 1980s. In recent years, last two or three years, we've been investing in cyber manufacturing that will shape the factories of the future by leveraging cyber technologies, communications, computation, networks and things of that nature. We are investing in cellular biomanufacturing, so as cells become therapies, how do we manufacture those? So we are sort of creating basic research in manufacturing of cells.    And a third area we are making some very exciting investments is in scalable nanomanufacturing, so we invested a lot of funds in nanotechnology and nanoscience, and the question we are asking is, how will we manufacture the products at scale and at cost. So one example is, we funded some research that will use roll-to-roll printing as a way to manufacture this product, which if it works will be extremely cost-effective and produce products that will have big impacts. So these are some of the examples that we are very excited about.    Mr. Khargonekar. So we have been very excited about the I-Corps program. It is having tremendous impact on the research community. We constantly hear that those who have gone through the program are transformed by the experience and they think about their research quite differently than they did before. We are partnering with a number of federal agencies to share what we have learned about I-Corps including NIH and DOE but many others. We are also scaling it nationally. We have--has plans for up to eight to nine nodes, and 71 sites and 230 teams. The State of Ohio has adopted I-Corps methodology. So we feel that there is tremendous opportunity for the Nation to take the learning from I-Corps and the program that NSF has pioneered and really make it available to all scientists and engineers who want to take part in it.    Dr. Khargonekar. So the NSF SBIR program is very much focused on technology risk, very early stage where there is a discovery or invention that has some commercial potential but it's very far from being worthy of private-sector investment. So that's where we come in and put funding to the Phase I, Phase II, Phase IIB to be sequenced to see if the technology risk can be reduced or even eliminated, and once that happens, private sector feels more comfortable coming in because that risk has been removed, so I would say absolutely. Our investments have been very much focused on reducing the technology risk and making the technology more mature so that private sector at that point can come in and scale the technology and commercialize it.    Dr. Khargonekar. In my opinion, no. I mean, I think a great example of that is our Phase IIB programs. Let's say you are an inventor or a discoverer. You come up with something. You go through the Phase I and Phase II. In Phase IIB, we require a two-to-one match, so it's only at that point that the private sector is brought in--the private sector feels that they can come in but the risk has been reduced substantially, and so I don't think it's displacing the private sector, at least at NSF because we are at such early stage of the technology creation.    Dr. Khargonekar. We at NSF certainly are very focused on this and try to do our very, very best to make sure that the amount of fraud is as minimal as possible. We have an extensive process of vetting the companies and looking at the financials and making sure that these are legitimate businesses with accounting and so on and so forth, so we can give you more detail about the process we follow at NSF to ensure that our recipients are worthy companies.    Mr. Khargonekar. So the Phase I/Phase II gap has been a significant focus for the Foundation. Prior to 2015, we added a Phase IB supplement to Phase I grantees so that they would have some additional dollars so that the gap could be addressed to some extent, but in 2015 and 2016, we made a significant change. We did several things. We increased the Phase I duration to 12 months. We increased the Phase I amount to $225,000 from 150 so that gives you more dollars and longer runway. And then we changed the deadlines so that you can submit the Phase II grant after 8 months of Phase I start so that allows--it doesn't completely eliminate the gap but it allows it to be much smaller than it has traditionally been.    And I'll add one final point. We rely a lot on the Phase I interim report to know if the technology is really viable because we want to be responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars. So with these changes and making sure that the Phase I interim report guides us in terms of the Phase II decision, we feel that we have taken a number of steps that would address the funding gap that you point out, and it's an area that we will continue to work on.    Dr. Khargonekar. Yes. So we support permanent reauthorization. We support maintaining the flexibility in the program. That I think has been very, very important, at least for the National Science Foundation, to maximize the value to society and to the taxpayer of SBIR-funded research. Those are some of the top recommendations that I would make is maintaining the flexibility in the SBIR program.    Dr. Khargonekar. So as I described earlier, we think of SBIR/STTR as part of a portfolio that connects discovery in the lab, invention in the lab, with real-world commercialization. So it's a piece of an ecosystem involving Innovation Corps program that we talked about earlier in this testimony as well as many of our research centers--ERCs, RUCRCs, science and technology centers. In terms of success, one has to look at ultimately formation of companies, creation of new technologies, and I really emphasize people. I mean, ultimately it's people who go through these programs, they become lifelong contributors and inventors and discoverers that will add to the economic competitiveness of the Nation. So I would look at people who are changed by these programs.    Mr. Khargonekar. I mean, I think what it has done is, since the growth in our basic research budget has not been as strong, it has reduced the amount of funding we have available for funding over core research programs in all areas of science and engineering, and that's the reason why we are saying that let's not increase the set-aside percentages as a way to increase the SBIR/STTR program, let's grow the entire research budget, which allows SBIR/STTR to grow. So yes, it has had impact.    Mr. Khargonekar. As I mentioned earlier in this testimony, we certainly have used the flexibility. For example, we've increased the Phase I award size. We have increased the duration of Phase I. We have increased the Phase II and Phase IIB sizes. We have used Phase IIB to attract more private-sector funding through the two-to-one match requirement. So if you want to get Phase II funding from NSF, private sector has to come in with the two-to-one--twice the amount that NSF would provide. So we certainly have used the flexibility that have been afforded to us to increase the overall impact of taking discovery and invention and commercializing it to the real world.