    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Killoran, let me come to you. I think earlier in your testimony, you were talking about the fact that the FISMA reporting, you have submitted that. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. So you have submitted that. Who do you submit that to?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. So who is responsible for that oversight? Is that Mr. Scott at OMB? Is he charged with making sure that those are all submitted properly? Do you submit it to     Mr. Meadows. Let me ask Mr. Scott. Mr. Scott, as the chief financial officer, is it your responsibility, I guess, for the executive branch, for the implementation of FISMA?    Mr. Meadows. Excuse me. You are the CIO for the Federal Government.    So essentially, it all comes to you, so they are required to submit that to you and to Congress, is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So as it is submitted in those FISMA reports, as we look at that, each agency is required to do that. Is that correct, Mr. Scott?    Mr. Meadows. So let me ask you this. It appears that the Executive Office of the President, basically the White House, including OMB and the National Security Council, hasn't submitted the required FISMA. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. Well, we have done some checking, and we have been looking. Can you name a single year where the Executive Office of the President and OMB and the National Security Council have submitted a FISMA report?    Mr. Meadows. I am talking about you. I understand they are doing it, but you are the one that has the charge. So has OMB, the White House, submitted it?    Mr. Meadows. Because we couldn't find yours.    Mr. Meadows. Well, but that's not correct.    Mr. Meadows. Is that what you're saying?    Mr. Meadows. Well, your legal counsel doesn't make the law.    So, Mr. Scott, let me remind you, Congress was very clear, extremely clear, that, indeed, the White House, and, indeed, OMB, is required to submit that. Yet we can't find where you've done it, and we specifically in the legislation mention the White House.    So you are saying your legal counsel has told you that?    Mr. Meadows. When did you get that?    Mr. Meadows. Okay, I would suggest that you go back, check the law, and report back to this. Do you not think that if you are required by law to do it, and all these other folks are doing it, that it sets a bad example for you not to do that?    Would that set a bad example, if you are required to do that?    Mr. Meadows. All right. So you have counsel behind you. Are they saying that you are not required to by law?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. And we would like to know some of the correspondence and actually where you've gotten that opinion from. Are you willing to give that to this committee as well?    Mr. Meadows. Okay, well, obviously, you are saying that you were told that, that you checked on it, and this is a conscious decision not to give a FISMA report on behalf of OMB and the office of the executive branch. Is that correct? That was a conscious decision?    Mr. Meadows. So what rationale would you really embark on embracing that would suggest that it is not a good idea to give information that you are requiring all the other agencies to give to Congress? Why would it not be a good idea for you?    Mr. Meadows. But do you think it is a good idea that, even if it is not required, since you are requiring all the other agencies, don't you think it would be a good idea for you? I think the answer--don't you think it would be good idea?    Mr. Meadows. Well, I do, and I think it would be a good idea.    Let me come to the GAO. We are talking about all these legacy systems, and we continue to have hearing after hearing after hearing. What I find troubling is, is there a lot of savings that could be realized if we get rid of the legacy systems, jump off the cliff and say, ``Let's make a commitment. We are going to do it.'' Is there substantial savings that could happen?    Mr. Meadows. Well, thank you. And I thank your staff for their great work.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.