    Mr. Cohn. Chairwoman Foxx, Ranking Member Hinojosa, honorable members of the subcommittee, and members of the committee at large, thank you for the introduction.    I am the legislative and policy director at the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, or FIRE. We are a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization dedicated to defending student and faculty civil liberties on America's college campuses. I thank you for the opportunity to discuss this critical issue.    One of the core constitutional rights that FIRE defends is due process. Universities are both morally and legally obligated to respond to known instances of sexual assault in a manner reasonably calculated to prevent its recurrence. And for more than 50 years, courts repeatedly have held that the Constitution requires public institutions to provide meaningful due process protections to accused students.    FIRE believes that these twin obligations need not be in tension. Access to higher education is critical. The stakes are extremely high for everybody in campus disciplinary proceedings and it is essential that no student's education is curtailed unjustly.    While efforts to address campus sexual assault have focused on eliminating bias against complainants, far too little attention has been placed on preventing bias against the accused. And even more insufficient attention has been placed on addressing what I call the competency gap--the difference between what college administrators are equipped to do and what the Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights is demanding of them.    Campuses are ill-suited to adjudicate allegations of sexual assault. While colleges and universities have a role to play in tackling the issue, we must make sure that we are assigning them responsibilities they are capable of performing well.    Having defended campus due process for 15 years, FIRE is convinced that colleges are simply unequipped to serve as investigators and fact-finders in these challenging issues.    Rape is a crime. It should be treated as such. Using amateur systems is insulting to victims and disastrous to fundamental fairness.    Unsurprisingly, injustice for both victims and accused is commonplace.    Sound public policy requires adjudicating these cases in courts after professional investigations. Only courts have the power to take violent predators off the streets. After all, a student has been expelled but not jailed is free to commit rape again.    Complicating matters further, in the April 4, 2011 dear colleague letter, which OCR did not subject to public notice and comment as required under the Administrative Procedure Act, the agency mandated that institutions adjudicate sexual assault cases using the low preponderance of the evidence standard. OCR, while well-intentioned, has done more harm than good in this arena.    Since issuing the 2011 DCL, OCR has conducted over 130 Title IX investigations, several of which have resulted in settlement agreements. To the best of FIRE's knowledge, only one such investigation is looking into whether the disciplinary process is biased against the accused. The resulting perception of top-down federal bias against the accused is inescapable.    I would like to briefly address three bills currently pending before Congress: the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, CASA; the Safe Campus Act; and the Fair Campus Act. There are aspects of each that FIRE supports and there are provisions in each that give FIRE pause.    On the positive side, all three bills aim to increase the involvement of law enforcement. If our goal is to implement a serious response to a serious problem, involving professionals in the criminal justice system is necessary.    FIRE has multiple concerns about CASA, chief among them the fact that the bill provides no meaningful due process protections for the accused. None.    Conversely, the Safe Campus Act and Fair Campus Act both include important procedural safeguards that will benefit accused students and complainants alike. What is more, both the Safe Campus Act and the Fair Campus Act would repeal OCR's preponderance of the evidence mandate, provide the complainant and respondent crucial rights to active assistance of counsel, and require institutions to turn over inculpatory and exculpatory evidence to both sides.    To encourage more complainants to report allegations to the proper authorities, the Safe Campus Act prohibits institutions from taking action on complaints unless they choose to report the allegation to law enforcement. FIRE agrees that punitive measures should be waived if a complainant does not report the accusation to law enforcement for investigation. However, we strongly urge Congress to amend the language so that non-punitive measures and accommodations may still be made available regardless of the student's decision to report.    While colleges have proven incapable of competently determining the truth or falsity of felony accusations, they are well-equipped to secure counseling for alleged victims, provide academic and housing accommodations, secure necessary medical attention, and provide general guidance for students as they navigate the criminal justice system. Institutions should perform these functions regardless of the complainant's decision to report the incident. The bill should be amended to encourage them to do so.    I provide a more detailed analysis of the bills in my written testimony to the committee.    To sum up, there is no simple solution to the problem of sexual assault on campus, but lowering the bar of finding guilt and eliminating criminal due process protections--by doing that, we are creating a system that is impossible for colleges to administer fairly. Congress can help reverse this trend by taking all student interests into account. To accomplish that, Congress should include the best aspects of each pending bill in a comprehensive, balanced measure.    Thank you again for the opportunity to address you, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Cohn. Thank you for the question, Chairwoman Foxx.    The primary way that--the way the status quo works harms both the accused students and the complainants is that we get unreliable findings because the people adjudicating cases don't have the right tools to do it. The same people who would be fine on juries are doing--you have deans of physics departments, English professors, and sophomores trying to figure out if a rape occurred.    And they are doing without forensic evidence, they are doing it without the subpoena power, without the ability to put witnesses under oath. They are doing it without rules of evidence to make sure that relevant information is included and irrelevant is excluded. The idea that they are going to get it right consistently with all of those limitations is a fantasy.    So the primary thing that we can do is make sure that we ask people to play a role that they are competent to fulfill, one that takes advantage of the skills and what they bring to the table, and work together. And that is what I mean when I say that amateurism affects injustices.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much.    Ms. Scaduto, you mentioned that you were a negotiator in the rule-making process for implementation for VAWA. Could you tell us a little bit more about that experience and how you believe the opportunity for stakeholders to contribute to the development of the regulations resulted in clearer and more transparent expectations for schools, especially in contrast to sub-regulatory guidance?    Mr. Cohn. Thank you, Congressman Hinojosa, for the question.    I think reliability in outcomes makes campuses safer. And when you reduce the amount of certainty that fact-finders need to hold without providing them the tools to reach the fact-finding in the first place, you are not really making campuses safer.    At the end of the day, don't forget, someone who has been expelled from a campus is not removed from society. They are still free to walk the streets. The campus isn't actually safer either, even with the expulsion.    The truth of the matter is that schools need to not be indifferent to claims, need to make sure that they can provide the kind of services necessary to make sure that complainants can get an education the next day. And that isn't tied necessary to being a fact-finder.    Mr. Cohn. Well, I think that is really one of the key questions in this debate is what is the appropriate role of law enforcement here? And I am glad you zoned in on it.    At the end of the day, mandatory reporting doesn't require a complainant to cooperate with an investigation. It does, however, require that the law enforcement is aware of it so they can at least reach out and offer the services they provide.    One thing that we know--and it is a fact--is that you have only 72 hours to get a rape kit done; you have only 48 hours to get blood collected that can show whether someone was drugged against their will or perhaps if they were so intoxicated they couldn't possibly have consented. Once that timeframe is elapsed, it is--the window is gone to have that physical evidence help a claim.    FIRE primarily believes that everyone will be helped by getting the right professionals plugged in as quickly as possible. That is the way to build trust with the--with law enforcement is to make sure that they get the information as fast as possible when they can take the best and strongest actions on behalf of victims.    It will also help the falsely accused to have information recorded quickly, too. It will help everyone.    Mr. Cohn. If I can respond real quickly, Congresswoman. The Safe Campus Act has its mandatory reporting provision that would limit a campus' response if a student doesn't choose to report, and FIRE has urged Congress to amend that provision to leave all of the non-punitive measures still on the tables--the ones that you identified that shouldn't hinge on that student's decision.    But we do think it is generally a good idea to have campuses make sure that police are investigating. So we think it is a good idea to limit the punitive responses the school can make.    Mr. Cohn. I don't know enough about the military practice to weigh in on there. What I can say is that one interesting parallel is that last year we heard a lot of chatter about how the military tribunals should not be adjudicating these matters because of the potential for bias there and that instead it should be removed to civil courts--essentially the same argument I have been making to you today, which is that campuses maybe shouldn't be adjudicating the facts because of the potential for bias and conflicts of interest instead, and that we should be relying on professionals and courts.    Mr. Cohn. Congressman Salmon, interestingly enough, there is an absence of that data. We don't know, when a prosecutor chooses not to bring a case forward, why they made that decision all the time. Sometimes it could be because of outdated modes of thinking about women and stereotypes, but other times it could be because of spoliation of evidence.    We simply don't track that, and that is a major concern. And that is one of the reasons why we think it is so important to get the right medical and--    Mr. Cohn. One other critical aspect of mandatory reporting is that there is no way to build up more trust with police than to work with them. You know, we can't fix a problem--if there is a problem in the criminal justice system it needs to be tackled directly with the criminal justice system.    If we are concerned about the chilling effect of having a police officer pick up the phone and say to them, ``I heard about your complaint. Is there something I can do to help?'' we will never get beyond the barrier of improving that system. They can only do that through working together with trust.    And hopefully you will get more prosecutions and more convictions, you know, if law enforcement is brought in faster.    Mr. Cohn. But that is--    Mr. Cohn. Right. And I think one other thing needs to be said here about justice.    People keep saying that this isn't a criminal justice issue and that the panel isn't going to send someone to jail. That is only partially true.    The dean isn't going to sentence someone to 20 years in jail. That is true. But what is important for you to all hear as well is that the transcripts of the hearings are admissible in criminal trials and have been admitted across the country.    A prosecutor can independently decide if they want to click ``print'' and use everything that was said against an accused student. There are tremendous Fifth Amendment considerations here, so justice really requires meaningful due process, which I am so glad is part of the conversation--    Mr. Cohn. Sure. The criminal justice system used--    Mr. Cohn. No. I mean, I wouldn't characterize it as weakening Title IX at all. There are so many things that schools should be doing morally and legally under Title IX to make sure that campuses are safe places. Fact-finding just is not really one of the things they are equipped to do well.    Mr. Cohn. I think that would be a fair characterization. There is a long track record of the injustices against both accused and complainants when amateurs are handling these matters.    Mr. Cohn. Right.    Mr. Jeffries.--issues. Is that true?    Mr. Cohn. So there is no doubt that the criminal justice system is imperfect, but that is a persuasive argument for trying to fix and improve that. I have greater confidence in that system because it provides real tools and the actual structures that make sure that everyone's rights are taken into account.    And that is so important because I want them to get it right. I want to make sure that if there is a rapist on campus there are actual consequences that take them off the streets and protect people.    Mr. Cohn. Absolutely.    Mr. Cohn. There is no system that is perfect. But the criminal justice system is dramatically better at doing this than campuses, again, because of the tools that they bring to bear--    Mr. Cohn. Absolutely. But that is why we have so many procedural tools in the criminal justice system to try to balance that out so individual bias can't control that entire process; why we have meaningful appeals afterwards in the criminal justice system to provide additional levels of protection for error that don't really exist in campuses where the appeal often goes to the same person that decided the case, which is why the Safe Campus Act includes that provision about no commingling of responsibilities.    Mr. Cohn. May I have one--    Chairwoman Foxx. Mr. Cohn, I am going to have to ask you to put it in writing. Thank you very much.    Mr. Cohn. Not a problem.    Chairwoman Foxx. Mr. Polis, you are recognized.    Mr. Cohn. I think both.    Mr. Cohn. Right. Private institutions operate under different rules than the public ones because the Constitution doesn't necessarily apply. So that question has been answered in the public institutions so that due process is paramount and due process requires reasonable determinations, which you don't get under the even lower standards of preponderance.    Prior to the Department of Education--    Mr. Cohn. The lowest standard you can use in a court for the fact-finding portion--    Mr. Cohn. I don't think that would have any chance of satisfying a due process challenge, but I also--    Mr. Cohn. No. I mean, a preponderance of the evidence can in some circumstances pass it, and it could fail in others, depending on what other procedural protections it is coupled with.    Mr. Cohn. When a preponderance of the evidence--    Mr. Cohn. Well, let's be more--let's be--    Mr. Cohn. Let's be clear about this. That is not what we are talking about.    Mr. Cohn. Right. I mean, you know, our Plan A would obviously have them not be doing that. But in our Plan B, where tomorrow campuses will still be adjudicating these cases, it is important to include real, meaningful protections like a right to counsel and active assistance of counsel for both parties.    By the time a school is trying to expel a student, they are not in the category of schools that is trying to sweep it under the rug, but they might not make the case particularly well. So having a lawyer who can speak up for the victim, you know, is also helpful to them to make sure the questions they want asked gets asked. So that is number one, the no comingling rule, so the same person who does the investigation isn't also serving as judge, jury, and fact-finder.    Making sure that you actually have the right to question, you know, the--you know, your accuser is important because we know that the ability to a confrontation type of clause is what helps us find truth. So there are ways that we can make it better.    But I do want to be clear about one last thing: We are not talking about just expelling someone so they can go to another school. That is not what is going on, because when students get expelled it tracks them for the remainder of their life.    Forget about getting a job with security clearance here in this town. Not too many schools are lining up to admit people who have been expelled for sexual assault elsewhere.    And again, the statements are admissible against them in criminal court. You are having 18-year-olds talk on the record about felonies that can put them in jail in Virginia, you know, or Missouri for the remainder of their lives.