    Mr. Breyault. Good afternoon, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee.    My name is John Breyault, and I am the vice president of public policy, telecommunications, and fraud at the National Consumers League.    Founded in 1899, NCL is the nation's pioneering consumer organization. Our nonprofit mission is to advocate for social and economic justice on behalf of consumers and workers in the United States and abroad.    Thank you for giving us the opportunity to speak today on the important issue of live event ticketing fairness. The modern ticket-buying experience is rigged and it is too often an exercise in frustration for millions of fans that simply want to see their favorite artist or sports teams at a fair price.    Consumers trying to buy tickets at general on sale to popular events are almost always competing without knowing it against secret insider sales and scalpers who use special software to electronically cut in line. This leads to considerable frustration when consumers are shut out of the box office and anger when resale markets immediately have hundreds of tickets available at inflated prices.    A little publicized fact about tickets is that artists, promoters, and venues often make only a small percentage of tickets available to the general public. For example, of the 750,000 tickets for Adele's 2016 North American Tour, fewer than 300,000 were made available to the general public.    According to the New York Attorney General, less than half, 46 percent, of tickets to the most popular events are ever made available to public on sale. Most tickets, 54 percent on average, are diverted to fan club and premium credit card presales and holds for industry insiders. These diverted tickets often make their way to the secondary market, where they typically fetch a price far above face value.    For example, at a January 2013 Justin Bieber show in Nashville, Tennessee, 90 percent of the tickets were set aside for presales and insiders. Many of the tickets allocated to Bieber's management company were later listed on ticket resale Web sites at hugely-inflated prices.    These examples are just the tip of the iceberg. Artists of every type from rap to rock, country to comedy, hold back tickets. We think the system is rigged against average consumers. We don't believe artists should have the right to hide how many tickets are to be made available to the general public, so they can trumpet quick saleouts that hype their events; that they, then, often take advantage of their fans by anonymously reselling tickets, often for several multiples of face value, while blaming scalpers for their fans' inability to get tickets, is the height of Chutzpah.    Undisclosed ticket allocations are not the only way that consumers find themselves at a disadvantage at the box office. Fans must also compete against ticket brokers employing sophisticated ticket-buying software known as bots. Bots allow brokers to purchase tickets at lightning-fast speeds, helping them acquire hundreds or thousands of tickets in minutes or even seconds. These are, then, listed on resell Web sites, often at outrageous markups.    Evidence of rampant abuses by ticket bots abound. One bot was used to purchase 1,012 tickets in one minute to U2's July 2015 show at Madison Square Garden. That same day two bots were used to purchase more than 15,000 tickets in 24 hours for several performances on the same U2 tour.    Between 2002 and 2009, one bot operator, Wiseguys Tickets, Inc., bought more than 1.5 million tickets and netted more than $25 million in profit when tickets were resold to brokers who, then, resold them to fans.    Ticketmaster has stated that ticket bots can account for as much as 90 percent of the traffic to its Web site and 60 percent of sales for the most desirable seats to some shows.    To address the broken ticket marketplace for popular concert tours and many sporting events nationwide, congressional action is sorely needed. Both the BOSS Act and the BOTS Act crack down on robotic ticket-buying software. However, only Congressman Pascrell's BOSS Act offers comprehensive solutions that collectively will significantly improve fans' ticket-buying experiences. By requiring greater transparency in the primary ticketing market, prohibiting egregious broker practices like undisclosed speculative selling, and limiting the ability of connected insiders to surreptitiously divert tickets to the secondary market, the BOSS Act would lead to beneficial reforms in the ticketing marketplace.    To conclude, it is clear to us, and to millions of fans, that the ticket-buying experience is rigged. All too often buying a ticket is an exercise in frustrations for fans that simply want to see their favorite artist or sports teams at a fair price. To this end, we urge the subcommittee to support Congressman Pascrell's common-sense pro-consumer bill.    Chairman Burgess and Ranking Member Schakowsky, thank you again for inviting NCL to speak today. I look forward to answering your questions.