    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Chairman Whitfield and Ranking Member Rush.    Let me begin by welcoming Secretary Moniz back to the committee, and congratulating you on completing the first installment of the Quadrennial Energy Review. It is a truly comprehensive look at our Nation's energy infrastructure, and its recommendations will help us chart a path forward in the rapidly changing energy sector.    This installment relates to the transportation, storage, and distribution of energy. These TS&D connections between suppliers and users can impact our energy reliability and security, and affect our ability to meet environmental and economic goals. TS&D infrastructure is vulnerable to a wide and expanding array of threats from natural disasters to physical and cyberattacks, so it is important we thoroughly understand these vulnerabilities and how to mitigate their impacts. At the same time, its modernization can help achieve meaningful greenhouse gas reductions and other environmental goals, while enhancing safety, security, and reliability. Ultimately, the OER represents the forward-thinking we need to ensure a smarter, more resilient, cost-effective, and environmentally sound energy system for the future. And I look forward to working with you, Mr. Secretary, to translate these important ideas into legislation and law.    I wish I could be as upbeat in discussing the majority's Energy Diplomacy Discussion Draft. Rather than building on the strong relationships with our North American neighbors, the majority has chosen to resurrect controversial legislative proposals that have already drawn democratic concerns and presidential veto threats. For example, the bill would eliminate the current presidential permitting process for liquid and gas pipelines, and electric transmission lines that cross the U.S. border with Mexico and Canada, and it replaces the process with one that effectively rubberstamps permit applications and eliminates any meaningful environmental review.    While it now would only take effect after President Obama leaves office, and specifically excludes the Keystone Pipeline, it still appears to allow TransCanada to avail itself of the new process by reapplying with a revised route. The provision also limits federal approval and environmental review to the small segment of the project that physically crosses the national border. It also creates a rebuttal presumption that these projects are in the public interest; shifting the burden of proof to project opponents. This all but guarantees permit approval, and virtually eliminates the opportunity for protective permit conditions.    The draft bill also recycles LNG export language designed to address nonexistent delays at the Department of Energy. In fact, DOE recently testified, that ``Right now, there are zero applicants sitting in front of us for a decision. The last application that came out of FERC, we turned that around in 1 day.'' Nonetheless, the bill would make changes to an otherwise successful process.    And finally, another provision would create a taskforce, burdening federal energy regulatory actions with additional red tape, and undermining environmental considerations. In fact, it speaks volumes that the very agencies tasked with natural resource and environmental management, like EPA and DOI, are excluded from the taskforce.    So I hope this committee can start to work towards consensus legislation instead of resurrecting problematic issues of the past.    But thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary, climate change, as you know, is real and we are already feeling its effects across the country. The damaging impacts range from heatwaves and droughts, to reduced crop yields and increased wildfires. Every region in the country and every part of the globe is affected. I am concerned about impacts of extreme weather events and sea level rise that are already problems that we have with our energy infrastructure. So my question is, the QER outlines a number of findings in this area, how is your energy transmission, storage, and distribution, or ETS&D infrastructure, vulnerable to the impacts of climate change?    Mr. Pallone. Well, I appreciate your mentioning our New Jersey grant because, obviously, we did have a lot of vulnerabilities during Super Storm Sandy. We saw a breakdown of the infrastructure and services, both electricity and water supply.    But in terms of this competitive grant program that is going to promote innovative solutions for infrastructure resilience, reliability, security, just give me a little more information about how that program would work. I know you mentioned the New Jersey program, but what other kinds of projects would be eligible for those grants?    Mr. Pallone. Right.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Thanks a lot. I do want to applaud you for your efforts to strengthen these vulnerable and critical energy infrastructures, especially in the face of global climate change. So thanks again.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Pallone. Yes, exactly. Thank you.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just wanted to follow up on a few statements made earlier today about Section 3104. This provision makes an end run around the National Environmental Policy Act, and would eliminate meaningful review of the environmental impacts of proposed cross-border energy projects. And this section dramatically narrows the scope of environmental review to only the cross-border segment of the energy project, the tiny portion that physically crosses a national boundary.    So, Ms. Cassady, does limiting NEPA review to just a small sliver of a cross-border energy project make any sense to you, and what are some of the drawbacks of looking at just the cross-border segment of a pipeline or transmission line?    Mr. Pallone. How about the legislation's presumption that cross-border projects are in the public interest, how would looking at just the cross-border segment impact an agency's ability to determine whether or not a project is in the public interest?    Mr. Pallone. Well, thank you. I think these energy infrastructure projects are a lot more than just a border crossing: they are going to last for decades, and fundamentally NEPA requires us to look before we leap, and that is just basic common sense. So we should not be carelessly narrowing or creating loopholes in the law, and I think we need to understand the impact of these projects before they are constructed so that we can protect public health and safety and the environment, and I think ignoring the impacts is not going to make them disappear. So thank you again.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.