    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen . Thank you very much, Mr. Engel. I will recognize myself.    And Madam Ambassador, many members of our committee will continue to hammer the Obama administration on this damaging and unnecessary and senseless delay in providing the lethal aid that Ukraine so desperately needs, so you will continue to hear this line of questioning. Because despite this fragile ceasefire, Ukraine continues to suffer casualties at the hands of separatists backed by Moscow, and the Ukraine Government fears that Putin's thugs are simply using this opportunity, this ceasefire, to regroup their forces in preparation of yet another offensive.    Ukraine is in such tragic need of lethal aid from the U.S., and as you have heard both the head of our nation's intelligence community and the head of our Defense Department agree. Yet just last week Secretary Kerry testified before our committee as you have heard from the chairman and the ranking member that no decision on lethal aid has been made yet. And so we ask and continue to ask what is the hold up? Our allies need our assistance now. Enough with the excuses.    So in what part of the interagency process is the decision on lethal aid for Ukraine currently stalled? Does the State Department believe that the United States should send lethal aid to Ukraine, yes or no? And you said that the President has not made a decision yet, but you didn't say what you believe and what the State Department believes, and I would like to hear that.    Also the Magnitsky Act and that list, the tragic murder a few days ago of the Russian opposition leader came just days as we know as he was about to publish evidence of the Russian military in Ukraine. Has his murder been sanctioned as human rights violators under the Magnitsky Act? And can you give us an update on the progress or lack thereof of adding names on that Magnitsky Act so we can sanction those violators?    And also Secretary Kerry has said that the Russian Foreign Minister lied to his face about Russian involvement in Ukraine. What is the extent of Russian involvement? Are Russian soldiers in Ukraine? Are we prepared to say that participating in the conflict?    And on the 123 Agreement, and I will ask you to give me written responses to these because there is a series of questions. I have been advocating for the administration to withdraw from the U.S.-Russia nuclear cooperation agreement, the 123 Agreement, to prevent the potential future use of U.S. nuclear technology and assistance against our own interests. And given Putin's continued aggression, will the administration suspend the Russia 123 Agreement?    And lastly, I have been critical of how the administration plans on using funds to promote democracy and human rights in Russia especially after 2012 when Putin kicked out USAID from Russia. Please update the committee on what the administration plans to do with that money that has been left over from the U.S.-Russia investment fund.    Ambassador Nuland. That is a lot, Congresswoman. Let me go through them quickly. And thank you for letting me take the 123 question in writing because I want to make sure our agencies get it right for you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ambassador Nuland. With regard to the process, the President did ask covenant agencies for recommendations and advice. Those recommendations and advice have gone forward to him. I think you will forgive me if I take the same position my Secretary took when he was here that we will provide that advice confidentially and I will decline to speak to it in an open hearing.    With regard to the brutal murder of Boris Nemtsov, I think you know that before this we had met our annual statutory requirement to provide more names under the Magnitsky legislation, but that was of course before this event. So as we look at our list at the end of this year we will see what we can learn about who the perpetrators are. We have made absolutely clear publicly and privately to the Russian Federation that the international community will expect an investigation that meets international standards, and that finds not only the shooter but the orderer of the murderer.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And not headed by Putin, heading the investigation. I know my time is expiring, but if we were to add, aggressively add more names to that list of human rights violators I think we would see a change. And Russia knows that we are not serious about implementing that legislation. But I would love to get the answers to my questions in writing. Thank you, Madam Ambassador.    And we will go to Brad Sherman of California.