    Ms. Jacobson. Thank you very much, Madam Chairwoman, Ranking Member Lowey, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the administration's $1 billion whole-of-government request to support the U.S. strategy for engagement in Central America.    Central America is a top priority for the United States because important national interests are at stake. When Central America suffers, the United States absorbs the impacts of increased migration and other transnational challenges. Conversely, a well-governed, secure, and economically prosperous Central America will enhance the security and prosperity of the United States.    And I would like to submit my testimony for the record and not take much of your time before we get to your questions.    While conditions in Central America remain challenging, this region could be one of transformative change. We sense it. Central American governments sense it. And we are all driven by an urgency to act quickly but wisely and get it right.    Last summer's spike in migration was a clear signal that the serious and longstanding challenges in Central America remain and, in some instances, are worsening. But with renewed political will among the regions leaders, we are working with them to change this trend and address the underlying factors driving migration or be prepared for the tragedy to repeat itself ad infinitum with higher impact in costs on the United States.    Over the past 5 years of implementing our Central America Regional Security Initiative, we have learned a great deal about what works and what doesn't work on security in Central America, and this new request builds on that knowledge.    What we learned most of all was that, unless we focus on improving the ability of governments to deliver services efficiently with accountability and also improve economic opportunities, especially for young people, as integral parts of security, nothing we do to make things safer will be sustainable. This budget request represents a significant increase from previous years, but we know that the cost of investing now pales in comparison to addressing these challenges later.    Today the governments of this region are demonstrating the political will necessary to take the difficult decisions that can lead to systemic change. The Presidents of El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras have a plan. They presented the Alliance for Prosperity in November.    Since last summer, El Salvador has passed an investment stability law, giving investors assurances that tax and customs regulations will not change over the course of an investment. Guatemala has reached agreement on reparations for communities where human rights were violated by the construction of the Chixoy Dam. Honduras signed an agreement with Transparency International to make government procurement information available and invited the U.N. Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the country.    We recognize that requesting additional funds from Congress will not make a difference unless these governments do more to invest their own additional resources and advance reforms that lay the groundwork for success and enable our assistance to produce the outcomes we all intend.    During months of intensive work with these Presidents, it is clear that the notion of shared responsibility is more than a bumper sticker. We believe that each of the countries has taken and is committed to actions that will promote better business environment for investors and small business, strengthen police and judicial systems, and increase government transparency.    So we are faced with a question: Do we want to work together with our Central American partners to help them solve the problems or merely mitigate them? This request for $1 billion is a bold step so that we can do more than mitigate.    We know that we are a long way from achieving our core goals in Central America. There is no clearer indication of this than the willingness of tens of thousands of children to travel to the United States last summer amid enormous risks.    But there is reason to be optimistic about Central America's future, and we believe now is the time for a new approach to Central America. We have a vision and a plan, and we want to work with you to support Central America and protect U.S. national security. And, as Vice President Biden says, there is no reason why Central America cannot be the next great success story in the Western Hemisphere.    Thank you, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Jacobson. Well, I think you are referring to the Central American migration strategy that we owe you all.    Ms. Jacobson. I do know that that has been held up a little bit by the ``653'' report that we all owe you, and I understand that that will be coming up very shortly. So we do know that we owe that for you.    On the larger question of the commitments and the goals for these funds, what I would say is, if you look at what the Vice President talked about when he was in the region most recently and the document that came out of that, with very specific time-bound commitments, as well as some of the things the Presidents are already implementing, I think that gives us the very beginning of a roadmap. Then the leaders and the Foreign Ministers were here about a week ago to continue that work with the IDB, the Inter-American Development Bank.    So we are trying to be as precise as we can as we move forward with this request to get very specific about the commitments that they are making and that we will use these funds to support going forward.    Ms. Jacobson. Well, I will start with some of this, and I think my colleagues may have some answers too.    I think there are things that we have to do on every level. Obviously, I think the President believes comprehensive immigration reform is part of this process, but I also think that, although we feel it is critically important to give the unaccompanied children who came last summer all of the protections they are due in this process--and that is one of the reasons that many have not been returned yet; they are going through that legal process--we did return a very large number of family units, including children and, obviously, many individual adults. And the family units we helped with the reintegration back into the countries that they came from.    Also, the total number of those that were detained by Mexico was 127,000, most from Central America, up from 89,000 the year before. So Mexico was crucial in this. And much of our work with Mexico is on their southern border. Assistant Secretary Brownfield can speak more about that.    So I think we have to be doing both. But, ultimately, so as not to have this surge repeat itself, part of that is public diplomacy, part of it is making sure the word is out about what is and is not in our laws. But part of it, also, is to try and address some of the underlying causes of why they came. Because you are right, we have to deal with those who came before, but we also have to make sure it doesn't repeat itself.    Ms. Jacobson. No, no, no, no.    Ms. Jacobson. I will start, I guess. Those are great.    I think----    Ms. Jacobson. No, but they are exactly the right questions. And I think they really do get at the issues of, why is this different? You know, why is this night different from all other nights at this time of year?    We look at this particular moment in Central America, facing huge challenges, as different than before, frankly because of the three leaders in place right now. That is what is different. There is both a particular urgency to this crisis, in part demonstrated by last summer, but that was only the most recent, sort of, exemplar. But it also is a function of three leaders who, while ideologically very different, all have the political will to act.    And so what you have seen, for example, in Honduras, a country where a year ago I would have said it is the country I am most worried about in that region, you have seen a 21 percent increase in tax revenue because of fiscal reform and closing of the budget gap by over 3 or 4 percent of GDP. That is enormously important in 1 year--an IMF standby agreement after many years of not having one. That was really getting his hands around a huge problem. And it is only a beginning, but that demonstrated enormous political will.    I think, frankly, your question about business and economic elites is a very fundamental one. And one of the comments made about Colombia, I think, is instrumental here. The chairwoman is absolutely right; security does come first for businesses. But what we saw in Colombia and President Uribe was an agreement with the business class and the economic elite that they would join the President in focusing on security, they would be part of that answer. Bill knows that better than anybody.    We haven't seen that until recently in Central America. The business class has been slow to get on board and to back those efforts, and that is beginning to change. And the commitments that we are seeing to private sector dialogue, to commitment on investment reforms, and real conversation with both civil society for their input and the business sector also gives me great optimism that that is changing.    I think that we have also seen changes in the model of policing that Bill will talk about from old mechanisms to ones that are much more community-based and responsive to the population, a focus on women in the community as, often, heads of households when men have left.    So all of these things are an accretion of the experiences we have had in the past with Presidents who are willing to back those lessons learned based on data that I think give us a much better chance of success than before.    Ms. Jacobson. I am going to let Bill answer in a second. Two things I would say.    One, Congressman, I would say that in Central America one of the things we have learned is, with seven countries in Central America, even with the most acute security problems being in the Northern Triangle, unless we work with all of them and ensure that they are working together, the criminal organizations exploit the national boundaries, which we and the governments have to abide by but they don't. So it is more complicated, and we have to work with all of them, unlike, obviously, in Colombia.    Ms. Jacobson. The second thing I would say is it is a fairly significant increase in the CARSI portion of this $1 billion. It is $286 million on what is traditionally considered security.    I would argue that, unless we do good governance, delivery of judicial systems and policing and courts and penitentiaries, all very much part of security, as well as communities that are safe and have places for kids to go, which is part of the governance and opportunity portions, that is all security. That was all done under CARSI. That has increased. So that is new and expanded in this program, as well.    Ms. Jacobson. Well, certainly, Bill and I meet regularly with General Kelly. It is certainly a plan that we worked very extensively with the interagency. It was developed by the State Department but then got the input of the full interagency--Department of Justice, Homeland Security, and the Department of Defense, including SOUTHCOM.    And SOUTHCOM has a critical role in this, whether it is maritime interdiction, detection, and monitoring, and will be very active in it.    Ms. Jacobson. Congressman, I have said publically since the December 17 announcement that it was broadly welcomed by countries in the region, and that would include Central America and Mexico, that they supported the President's announcement and they view the policy decision as very welcome. So I think they support that and they view it positively.    But in terms of our relationship with Central America and Mexico, those relations were strong before, and they will continue as such. But they do view that very positively.    Ms. Jacobson. Congressman, I think that the Venezuelan Government's reaction to those sanctions was predictable, in terms of their wanting that narrative to be about the United States and Venezuela, which--the problem isn't about our bilateral relationship. It is about problems within Venezuela.    But I also think that, somewhat, we expected the countries in the hemisphere do not like sanctions, and so it was not necessarily a surprise that they did not support those sanctions. But those sanctions are not against the Venezuelan people; they are not against the Venezuelan economy. They are against seven individuals.    I don't really think they are going to have an impact on the conversations we are having with Cuba, although Cuba has publically rejected that move, as well.    Ms. Jacobson. You know, I think that the influence of Cuba, in terms of our own bilateral relationships, is not one that I would overstate. I think our relationships with most countries are direct, and they are productive in most cases. Where they are not very productive, whether it has been Venezuela recently or other countries, I am not really sure that Cuba will be a helpful country in those relationships.    I think, at this point, after the 50-year experience that we have with Cuba, we take this one step at a time. And I am not sure that I can yet view this in a broader context of them being helpful beyond just reestablishment of diplomatic relations.    We have seen--and the Colombian Government has been clear on their role in facilitating the peace process with the FARC. President Santos has said that he believes they have played a positive role there, and so we certainly take him at his word in that case. And we hope that that proves successful.    Ms. Jacobson. The territories are not, obviously, directly part of the State Department's responsibilities----    Ms. Jacobson . As they are not independent. But we do some coordination work, certainly, with Puerto Rico.    Ms. Jacobson. Well, I am going to ask Bill Brownfield if he can address that because I think he, along with Beth, have been the ones who have really responded very quickly to the problem of last summer and continued to address the issues. Just today, we saw the announcement of a new border task force on the Guatemalan-Honduran border. So many of the programs we are talking about go directly to these issues, including within the $1 billion.    Can I ask you, Bill, to elaborate?    Ms. Jacobson. Thank you, Representative Lee.    We aren't there yet. As you know, we are hoping to be able to open embassies and reestablish diplomatic relations. That is only the first step in a much longer normalization process. But in terms of the things that we need for an embassy to run normally, having sufficient diplomats there and the ability to travel around the country, et cetera, we have not yet achieved all of the things that we need. I am still, obviously, optimistic about making progress there.    The summit is coming upon us. I don't know whether we will achieve all that we need to open embassies before the summit. We will keep working to that, but we are not going to impose an artificial deadline. This has to be done properly.    It is, obviously, the first summit in which Cuba will be present, and I think that is an important factor. It is also a summit that will have a civil society forum that will meet with the leaders for the first time. We expect independent members of civil society to be there from all countries in the hemisphere. And it is the first time that there will be an opportunity for them to be heard by leaders and create a permanent forum.    And, also, there will be conversations on civil society participation as one of the themes, as well as democracy and human rights. So we think those things are important for leaders from Cuba, Venezuela, and other countries in the region to hear, as well.    Ms. Jacobson. I hope so.    Ms. Jacobson. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    And to note that it is 20 years since the AMIA attack. And I first did my graduate research on the Jewish community in Argentina, did many of my interviews in the AMIA building before it was bombed, and so it is very important to us.    We continue to call for the suspects and those involved in the AMIA bombing to be brought to justice. We think that is critically important.    In the case of pursuit of those suspects, we have always said that needs to be pursued wherever that trail leads. We were skeptical, obviously, of the MOU that the Argentine Government signed with Iran. And nothing has come out of that over a year afterwards, maybe almost a year and a half or 2 years. And in the case of Alberto Nisman, we have called for a very full and transparent investigation into his death, as well. We will continue to do so.    In terms of an offer of law enforcement support or assistance, we almost always offer such support when there has been a high-profile crime in countries. It is up to that country's government as to whether they want to take us up on that offer. But, at this point, I don't know of any U.S. involvement or activity in that investigation. And so we will continue to be ready to do anything that may be requested of us, but that is being undertaken by Argentine authorities.    But, obviously, the whole issue continues to concern us, with no judicial resolution on the matter or resolution for the victims and their families.    Ms. Jacobson. Well, I think there have been a number of others both within the Argentine judicial system who have looked at his material, who are making comments about it, who are looking into the issues. There are certainly NGOs that have been active in taking up the issue. The Argentine organizations themselves, the DAIA and others, have been active.    I think that the case is certainly getting a great deal of attention and scrutiny. And we are going to maintain our monitoring and our engagement, obviously, through the Embassy and our ambassador in Argentina.    Ms. Jacobson. Well, it is not a U.S. investigation.    Ms. Jacobson. So our ability to, sort of, as you say, get to the bottom of it is not----    Ms. Jacobson. I have to say, that is difficult for me to evaluate from where I sit. I think we will continue to call for a full investigation. We will continue to consult with Argentine authorities and, most importantly, continue to consult with the entities in Argentina who I think are most involved, whether it is the DAIA, the Memoria Organization, which is the victims organization, and try and see how they feel about the way things are going. It is an extremely difficult time in Argentina right now, and so we will try and get the best information that we can from all sources.    Ms. Jacobson. We will be talking about law enforcement issues as part of a dialogue that will take place probably after the reestablishment of relations. We are beginning separate dialogues with the Cuban Government on a whole range of issues, one of which will be deepening the conversation on law enforcement, including matters----    Ms. Jacobson . Such as people who are wanted in the United States, fugitives and others.    Ms. Jacobson. Right.    Ms. Jacobson. Right. There are also Americans who have fled to Cuba, yes.    Ms. Jacobson. Correct.    Ms. Jacobson. No.    I want to be really clear about this.    Number one, normalization is a long-term process. What we are doing now is reestablishing diplomatic relations. Many of the things we are going to talk about later, including claims, judgments for terrorism, and fugitives and law enforcement cooperation will come later as part of normalization but after, potentially, the reestablishment of diplomatic relations. These are not subjects in which we are having conditions on the table right now for reestablishment of diplomatic relations. They will be part of normalization conversations.    Second of all, I want to make clear that nobody transported anything for fertility. The State Department issued a visa. The rest of this is the Justice Department and the Bureau of Prisons.    Ms. Jacobson. But I want to just be clear about that.    And, third, the three Cubans who returned to Cuba were in exchange for an extremely high-ranking U.S. intelligence asset who gave us the Wasp Network, Ana Belen Montes, and Kendall Myers and his wife--important intelligence knowledge that we needed to keep this country safe.    Ms. Jacobson. I am ashamed that you had to remind me of the value of diplomacy and its definition. It is true that it is critical--and this is the point of the President's policy--to be able to talk about some of the very things that, I agree with Mr. Diaz-Balart, we must try and talk about and get action on.