    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this what I think is a very, very important hearing. And I first want to join the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, in complimenting the GAO for the $20 billion in savings thus far and the what I see as the potential of $80 billion in the years ahead.    I can--one area that's of great interest to me for many years has been this disposal of excess Federal property. The chairman and I both have worked on that for several years. And I notice that the OMB says they have a national strategy in place, but the GAO says or does not agree.    Can you explain why the GAO does not agree with the approach that OMB is taking on this thus far, Mr. Dodaro? And then we'll have Ms. Cobert respond.    Mr. Duncan. Okay. Well, then, another area that we held a hearing on last year was this $80 billion in annual purchases of new technology. And I'm wondering if you think that's an area where there are potentially some pretty big savings in that regard because I know that they say that all the computers are obsolete the day they're taken out of the box. The technology is moving so fast, yet much of that technology--and it seems that any time a government agency runs--has cost overruns or has real problems, they say their technology is out of date. And I'm wondering what's being done, if you feel enough is being done to take advantage of potential savings there. Because a lot of that technology, even though it may not be brand new, is still very useable.    Mr. Duncan. Also, I notice that--I know that all of us favor a strong national defense, but your report says that the Department of Defense may be underestimating some of the total resources dedicated to supporting the headquarters staff. And I'm wondering if you could give us a little more specific information on that.    And then, also, I've read over the last several months that even many former chiefs of staff and former secretaries--the last, I think, three secretaries of defense have said that military personnel costs are spiralling out of control and we're not going to be able to buy some of the necessary weapons and equipment that we need if something is not done. What do you have to say in those areas?    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you. Thank you very much. I will say this, we need more fiscal conservatives at the Pentagon, I can tell you. And I appreciate the job you-all are doing in that regard.