    Dr. Volz. Good morning, Chairmen Bridenstine and Loudermilk, Ranking Members Bonamici and Beyer, and Members of the Committee, I am pleased to be here today along with my colleagues from NOAA, John Murphy and Sandy MacDonald. All of us share a desire to ensure that the JPSS and GOES-R series programs are successful and support the Nation's weather enterprise.    We appreciate that Congress is supportive of NOAA's programs in the Fiscal Year 2015 appropriations bill. With these resources, NOAA will continue to provide environmental intelligence that is timely, accurate, actionable, reliable space-based information that citizens, communities and businesses need to stay safe and to operate efficiently.    Funding stability is essential for NOAA to maintain our operational readiness and to continue our progress in our critical research programs. For the NOAA satellite portfolio, we will provide continuous satellite data for current operations while maintaining essential satellite development to ensure the continuity of service to our customers and users into the future.    Every day, decisions are made by citizens and individuals and businesses based on the weather forecast, and we understand and appreciate it is our responsibility to operate the satellites that provide those data that go into the weather forecast. Our current operational geostationary and polar orbiting satellites provide on a 24-7 basis the space-based weather data required to support the weather enterprise of both the National Weather Service and the private weather industry. Research like in Sandy MacDonald's organization and in academia use these satellite data to develop products that can help the weather forecasters in John Murphy's organization produce those improved forecasts. And just yesterday, working together, NOAA, NASA and the Air Force launched the Deep Space Climate Observatory, or DSCOVR satellite on a SpaceX rocket from Cape Canaveral and it is now on its way to its observation point a million miles away from the Earth.    DSCOVR is a NOAA-operated follow-on to NASA's Advanced Composition Explorer, or ACE satellite, and as our buoy in space for geomagnetic storm warnings, the DSCOVR satellite will provide critical in situ data of these approaching solar storms in NOAA's Space Weather Prediction Center, or SWPC, and SWPC and the NWS provides the alerts, forecasts and warnings to commercial users, customers such as the aviation industry, telecommunications, operators of the electrical grid system, all of whom could be significantly affected by such events.    Turning to the GOES-R series and JPSS satellites that are the focus of this meeting, I am pleased to report that these programs are making excellent progress towards their launch dates. About this time next year, we will be preparing GOES-R at Cape Canaveral for its launch in March of 2016. GOES-R, the first in a series of four satellites with significant enhanced capabilities over the current GOES satellites, will continue NOAA's satellite provisions of 24/7 constant monitoring of the Atlantic Ocean, the continental United States, Hawaii, California and the Pacific Ocean for weather. Through ongoing work at the GOES-R proving ground, we are providing simulated GOES-R data to users now so that they will be ready for the real data flow immediately after launch and instrument commission in 2016.    NOAA announced recently that GOES-R satellite will be placed into operational service immediately following its initial onboard checkout period, again to ensure these measurements are made available to the Federal and public users immediately.    Moving to JPSS, by March 2017 the second satellite in the JPSS program, JPSS-1, will be launched. The launch of JPSS-1 will continue the numerical--the gains in numerical weather prediction modeling that we have benefited from since the Suomi NPP satellite was launched four years ago. The high-resolution sounders on Suomi NPP, ATMS and CriS, have provided immediate benefits to the quality of the NWS weather prediction models and ultimately the weather forecasts we all depend on.    In addition, the VIIRS imager on Suomi NPP has brought much improved observations of sea ice in the Alaskan and Arctic waters. The NWS and the U.S. Coast Guard are using blended products from VIIRS and commercially purchased synthetic aperture radar data to better map the ice and warn boats to avoid water where sea ice hazards exist.    The joint NASA-NOAA JPSS team has completed the procurement activities for the JPSS-2 instruments to accelerate the launch date for that mission. NESDIS is also advancing the development of the ground system for the COSMIC-2 radio occultation mission. This mission, which will be launched in 2016 in partnership with the U.S. Air Force and the National Space Organization of Taiwan, will provide thousands of critical radio occultation sightings per day and making a significant contribution to the NWS weather models.    In their reports, Mr. Powner and his staff have provided a number of observations along with specific recommendations from their most recent reviews of the GOES-R and JPSS programs. We value the dialog with the GAO as well as with other independent reviewers. As I have noted from my years with NASA, preparing for review is more benefit sometimes than actually the review itself. We concur with their assessments about the importance of these missions and need to stay vigilant and focused on mission success as indicated in the recommendations, and we folded those recommendations into our implementation plans moving forward.    In conclusion, these important programs, GOES-R and JPSS, have benefited from the best experience of NOAA, NASA and our aerospace partners and are making strong and consistent progress towards launch. Data from the satellites will support the complex process of developing the weather forecast in a three to seven seven day period. We believe these satellite programs have potential for success and to be able to provide the information needed for decision-making.    Thank you, and I look forward to answering questions.    Dr. Volz. Mr. Bridenstine, I think specifically NASA and NOAA are working together and in a very productive relationship now. NASA is the development agency for us. They do the satellite systems engineering, the mission systems engineering, the project management of all of our large satellite systems, but in a close partnership relationship with NOAA. So with NOAA being responsible for the program--overall program from the initiation to the requirements to the decisions based on what performance the satellites are expected and need to provide to the implementation of the data products, the analysis, the user community supporting the mission weather projects and all that. So it is--to separate those, the beginning-to-end responsibility of NOAA as the eventual provider of the weather predictions, the weather forecasts from the actual implementation would be generally a very--would be a poor choice to make.    The partnership now does recognize the skills of both agencies, NASA as a very strong research and development organization with systems engineering and mission development experience and NOAA as the weather service, the weather provider, the agency that knows the requirements and has the community outreach and engagement to provide the weather products into the future.    So such a partnership--a change in the partnership would be to--would adversely affect the performance, I think, of our agency, of NOAA's ability to meets its requirements and deliver the services to the Nation.    Dr. Volz. That is fair to say, sir, but when you actually are implementing a satellite program, it is not a question of just setting a set of requirements, handing it over and coming back when the satellite is delivered. The development, as we have seen in these programs, of satellites takes many years and innumerable trades that are made during the design, development and testing phase which may affect the ultimate performance of the satellite. So it is not a simple question of just setting something and waiting for the delivery. There is an iterative process which involves active engagement between the user community that will use the eventual product coming out of it and the implementers, so that is why the partnership as it is written where NASA is at the table with NOAA through all of those major decision points in the development of the satellite is really critical, and yes, the budget should be on the side of the organization that is responsible for the requirements but the management and the execution requires a very close coordination throughout the development process of the system as well.    Dr. Volz. Yes. I think the point that Mr. Powner made, that the plans show the mission life design life as the endpoint of a satellite is an appropriate way to manage a program. You manage a program assuming a design life, and you should be prepared for a gap whether it occurs at any point. We could lose a satellite at any point because of orbital debris or other points. You should have contingencies in place to make sure that you can handle such a loss of any asset in space, a functionally redundant or a reliable system overall.    Now, the actual performance of Suomi NPP, which we update every year based on performance, shows that our expectation is it will last much longer than 2016. That doesn't mean we shouldn't prepare for mitigations for potential gap but we don't expect that to happen but that doesn't mean we don't plan for it.    Dr. Volz. Suomi NPP was initially intended to be a test bed development demonstration project, was actually called an NPOESS preparatory project before--that was the NPP--and was intended to give an on-orbit performance demonstration of the key NPOESS, which would have been the NPOESS instruments, those five instruments that are on there now. During the redefinition of the NPOESS program, as Mr. Beyer referenced, in 2007 and 2008, Suomi NPP was already in development, the instruments were being built, and it was determined it would be necessary as an operational--to be used operationally even though it was a research satellite. That doesn't mean that all the efforts didn't go into making the instruments as accurate and careful as we could, the spacecraft built to NASA standards as a very high-quality instrument and spacecraft, but it was not intended from its initial inception to be in operation. It was supposed to be a demonstration. It is--we have many examples where research satellites are being used for operational purposes such as the AIRS instrument on MODIS. It is used operationally but it wasn't designed to be an operational asset to begin with.    Dr. Volz. I will take that first and then I will turn it over to my colleagues.    The preparation for and the activities around preventing a gap and mitigating the impact of a gap is a NOAA responsibility. On a regular basis, we report directly up to the Deputy Under Secretary for Operations on a monthly basis. John can talk about the more frequent meetings on the NWS side of the house. So we have--it is a NOAA responsibility but there are elements that are accomplished within the NESDIS organization, my organization, some within Sandy MacDonald's organization, some within John's as well, but we all integratedly in an integrated fashion report up the chain on a regular basis on how all of these different activities are progressing.    So I am responsible on the NESDIS side for extending satellite life, preparing the ground systems for the next generation, making sure JPSS-1 stays on schedule and is delivered on schedule, and I can let John Murphy talk about the NWS side.    Dr. Volz. I would turn that one over to John from the computing side or from Sandy.    Dr. Volz. From the GOES satellite point of view, I agree with Mr. Powner that the largest single risk for the successful launch of GOES in March of 2016 is the compressed schedule we have right now. All systems, all instruments have been integrated to the spacecraft. The spacecraft subsystems are all together and we are now entering what we call the acceptance test and launch operations phase, which is very compressed. It is a very aggressive schedule, but the team is working hard and is focused on that. So I think that is the largest risk on the flight side of the house.    We have the amount of reserves that are expected and recommended by NASA guidelines, and we follow the NASA standards because they were the ones who built the spacecraft for us, but we think that is definitely the largest watch item.    Do I think it is a significant risk? I would say no, not in the absolute value. I don't think it is going to--it is so large that I am worried about the March 16 launch date but it is our largest risk and is something the team is focusing their efforts and activities on.    Dr. Volz. And I think I would add to that, as Mr. Powner just said, it is the community's reaction to the weather forecast that we provide that allows them to mitigate what might be great big cost increases. For example, the recent snowstorm in New York, the responses in the community--the immediate responders can make choices and decisions which can lessen the impact of the storm's effect on all of us.    So the loss of a complete asset, a complete satellite system, would be very significant, devastating, but the responsibility of our organization is to make sure that loss of any particular element doesn't cause that kind of impact, and that is the benefit of generating a resilient system which is single-fault tolerant, as we say. You can lose any asset and still provide the bulk of the return and the needs that we have, and that is the objective of building a more robust global--I mean geo and low-earth orbit system is that we are fault-tolerant. It is not preventing all of them but we are tolerant to failures in any single system so that we don't have those impacts hitting.    Dr. Volz. Well, related specifically to NPP, I think we are dealing with a communications here and the way that we analyze the expected life, and as Mr. Powner and the GAO have done is they used the design life in their analyses, which is appropriate because that is the way we set up the initial system. Now, as the expected on-orbit life is much longer typically than the design life, once you get into orbit and you see you don't have infant mortalities, the term we call for satellites that die earlier because of something that was built in. Once you get past that, the design life is routinely much longer. So I would not say they expected the lifetime of Suomi NPP will end in 2016. Our analyses show that it is likely to go well past 2020. That doesn't mean it is going to be relied--that we should count on that and then sit back and wait and we don't have to launch anything because we have got ten years or five years. But we do use very careful analysis on on-orbit performance of our satellites and our measurements and the instruments to do accurate and continuous updates on the performance of those satellites.    Regarding the orbital debris, it is a common problem. All satellites in orbit are dealing with the increase in orbital debris. Every time you have a collision, you create more debris. It is something we watch. It is something we monitor. Our spacecraft are monitored daily and operate. We have maneuverable satellites so we move them out of the way when we see orbital debris projections, conjunction analysis, we say, and we have done that in increasing frequency over the last few years as the debris clouds have increased but it is still a very--it is a very diffuse cloud, and we move maybe a dozen times a year to get out of projected debris. We have not been impacted by it--pardon the pun--but we are aware of it, we are monitoring it, and we take active steps to prevent it. Now, as far as orbital debris, removing the debris from space, I don't--I would yield to my NASA colleague here, who probably will not like that but----    Dr. Volz. Regarding the question of commercial space, commercial sources of space data and satellite data, we think that is probably a very capable and open field into the future. We have our backbone system that has been built, I mean, using for many, many years, but the capabilities of the commercial side over the past few years and looking forward in the future are likely to be very significant and are definitely worth evaluating and using.    What we do from the NOAA--what we need to assure from the NOAA side is the data that we get meets certain quality standards, they are accurate, reliable, traceable, and can be validated so that when we use these data in our numerical weather models, we get outputs which we trust. We can't just take the data because you can get bad outputs which could be even worse than no input, than no output. So it is the essential nature of us as NOAA and the NWS, NESDIS needs to make sure that the data that we get are accurate and can be used in the modeling, and we think--and I think looking to the future, we will be using--we will be evaluating and there is a good probability we will be using some commercial data as long as it meets our quality criteria and is consistent with our collaboration approaches of open data to be used with our partners.    Dr. Volz. And if I could comment too, it is another example where the research bases of NASA and the operational bases of NOAA work well together. We provide the platform, JPSS-1 and J-2, and we are--all the operational instruments that we need for the weather forecasting are built into it, but the platform was also designed in Suomi NPP to accommodate the Radiation Budget Instrument, and NASA as the research and development agency took the responsibility of that one. They build that, they meet our specifications, and together we fly on the same platform for a much more efficient approach to making the measurements.    Dr. Volz. So thank you, ma'am, for the question. The NPP satellite, as I mentioned earlier, is monitored on a regular basis and we update its performance projections every year. The most recent one shows that we are still operating all primary systems on NPP. All the instruments are functioning well and within specification, some changes, as we note, as you normally do with instruments but the projection is the satellite, barring something we haven't seen, is likely to survive and work past 2020.    As far as the steps we are taking to make sure that that satellite continues to work, we are very carefully looking at all operations that might have life-limiting features on it, which is whether is an instrument operation mode that may burn out degrade the performance over time faster, but with the focus then on making sure that ensuring that the satellite is operating effectively for a long time.    Dr. Volz. I believe that is true. Mr. Powner can comment. I think the point of those scenarios is not ``we think, this is going to fail here,'' but if it were to fail, what would the gap be, and I think that is the point of preparing for a gap is not that we are trying to project a failure of any individual asset, but if an asset fails at a particular time, what is the impact on the overall constellation, and that is the planning challenge that we have in front of us to make sure that under these different scenarios, which are single fault--one thing can take out a satellite or a launch that JPSS-1, a launch failure could take out a satellite--what is our response to that and how do we mitigate the impact if that were to occur. It doesn't mean we expect it but it means we have to prepare for it.    Dr. Volz. No, sir. The requirements did not change. As Mr. Powner--as we said, Suomi NPP was built as a preparatory program under one set of--there was a--one set of contractual arrangements with the vendors. The requirements that NOAA has have not changed. The implementation has--some of the--you often find problems in the development of an instrument, the repeat of processes, et cetera, which may led to a slight change in the implementation and that has led to significant challenges in the ATMS development.    Dr. Volz. I will turn that over to John.    Dr. Volz. That is correct.    Dr. Volz. The COSMIC-2 in whole is 12 satellites, two sets of six, and from a combined set of those 12 you end up on the order of 10,000 occultations a day.    Dr. Volz. Next spring, 2016.    Dr. Volz. About half of that.    Dr. Volz. Correct.    Dr. Volz. It is a unique measurement type which that saturation point is really high. We have looked at studies which go 50,000, 100,000 a day, and there is a rollover but it is not significant. So certainly we are potentially scratching the surface of the value you can get from radio occultations with the 10,000 per day.    Dr. Volz. That is correct, sir.    Dr. Volz. We have been in active communication with a number of the vendors who are proposing to launch and fly these satellites for us, and yes, we have been in agreement that these data could be useful and we would be open to using them as soon as--as long as they meet, as we talked about, the criteria for reliability, dependability and accuracy. So I have had meetings with all of those companies you mentioned up front, and actually we have a planned workshop at the end of April this year to sit down and show how we do our requirements and how they can match their developmental processes to work well with us.    Dr. Volz. That sensor was originally on GOES. It was called HESS, and it was dropped.    Dr. Volz. I believe the current plan for the GOES-R is to continue the three-shift operation through maybe the end of March, early April this year at which point we will be getting into the system-level testing, thermal vacuum testing where you are working around the clock anyway. There is no definitive point that at this point it becomes dangerous to go on with three shifts. We have a very capable contractor with Lockheed Martin, who has a lot of resources, so there is no--and like I said, no point where that would be an issue. But I think the launch schedule, however, is still of critical concern, and having--it is a single-point flow for these, and if problems arise, we will have to deal with it with the reserves that we have. We do still have a number of several weeks of unscheduled reserve, which for the purposes of that, which is typical that you see for a project at this point in development schedule.    Dr. Volz. That is a good question, and I don't have a list of 40 or 20 or the average of those in front of me, and I would be happy to sit down with Mr. Powner and with my team afterwards to reconcile so we don't have that--I don't think we are disagreeing on the things that we need to do but in terms of how we numerate I think is maybe confusing, and I don't have an answer for you. I would be happy to work with him to clear that up.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, we have, and it takes a long time to bring a new system online, which is part of the reason we are having difficulties over the past with both the GOES and the JPSS programs. Both programs were significant steps up in technology from the legacy missions that preceded those, so we recognize that you don't start five years before; you start ten and twelve years before. And part of our planning right now is doing the architecture studies and the analyses of what measurements we need in the 2030 time frame, what the capabilities are now and projected to be in the next few years, and we have been doing those for the last year and we expect to do those in the coming year, for the next two or three years so that in about two to three years we can lay out a plan which specifically identifies the next generation including, as we mentioned earlier, the changes in the--the landscape of commercial sources, launch vehicles and data-processing capabilities, which are all part of the next generation. We are starting the analysis now.    Dr. Volz. I think one of the major elements from my perspective is a rationalization of the requirements and the capabilities, and a critical part of doing the architecture up front is not to start with a shopping list of too many requirements and then figure out how much it costs but to do that in an iterative real-time process, look at the requirements, look at the implementation costs.    The other part, which was mentioned in Mr. Bridenstine's first question about the relationship between the partners doing the implementation is absolutely critical, so the NPOESS history was, it was--there was a difficult relationship between the three agencies, which almost guaranteed you would have a problem between requirements and application and implementation, and making sure that you have the right sharing of responsibilities and very clear delineation of responsibilities is essential as you go forward with the planning and going forward.    Dr. Volz. We are investing in the ones that we think are the highest probability. I can't point to a specific cost-benefit analysis by individual elements but the ones we are extending the lifetime of Suomi NPP, enhancing the data process and capabilities with the supercomputing capabilities and advocating and moving forward with the radio occultation measurements are examples of places where we think there is the most return on investment and the capability, availability of the technical capability to go forward.    Dr. Volz. I don't know of any, sir, but I have been with NOAA for three months, so I can imagine there are people behind me who are saying don't answer that question until you are clear, so I will be happy to take that. I don't believe there are but I will take that for the record and get back to you.    Dr. Volz. To the first question, no, I think if we haven't--I have seen a draft report on the updated prediction and reliability of Suomi NPP, and I don't see any reason why that shouldn't be public. I think we will--and I wrote a note down when Mr. Powner was saying that that says let us get this written down and get it released. I think it to everybody's interest to see that.    As far as the second, I don't think it is going to change our approach. Knowing or believing that the satellite will last longer than the worst-case scenario doesn't mean the worst-case scenario might still occur, and we need to do the mitigation activities in any case so that we have a resilient system that is accommodatable to major failures which can occur outside of our best estimates.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir. Thank you. The polar follow-on is--the current program of record, which is JPSS, is two satellites, as we have identified, one launching in 2017 and the next scheduled to launch in 2021 which, by the way, was accelerated per additional funding to bring that in a few months so it is a quicker return. But a robust program requires that you have redundant or a capable system up there in case of a single-point failure. The polar follow-on establishes the baseline to deliver the next two, JPPS-3 and JPPS-4, along the same lines using the same vendors, the same demonstrated and proven instruments and approaches so that we can have that ready as soon as--in the event of a JPSS-2 failure on launch, just like we talked about J-1. So the same logic applies in the extension.    What it also does by starting it in 2017 or 2016, as requested in the President's budget, it allows us to buy those instruments now from the instrument vendors and most of our funds go to the industry because the U.S. industry builds these instruments for us, allows those instruments to get under contract while we have the production line, the expertise and the intelligence of the community there to build those instruments effectively and efficiently. Having those JPSS-3 instruments built and ready during the late part of this decade is a natural mitigation for if I have a problem with a JPPS-2 instrument so I can switch and plug in and I can switch out, and that also accelerates or provides more reliable delivery of the J-2 satellite. So having this suite allows you then to ensure that you have the regular cadence of missions available when you do.    Dr. Volz. Okay. That is a very good question, and I think the nature of block buys, is often the term used. If you buy a bunch of them at once, do you get some efficiencies and economies and a better-performing system? And in fact, that is the reason for the polar follow-on proposal in the Fiscal Year 2016 budget, which allows us to buy the third and fourth variations of these instruments as contract options with the same vendors so they can do exactly that. They can optimize the development schedule so the subsystems are integrated and brought forward on a regular and reliable place.    Now, the question of accelerating is a different challenge because some of these things are process-intensive and it takes, you know, a few weeks for this, a few weeks for that, so adding more money----    Dr. Volz. I don't know the dollar value. We can get that to you, and I am happy to do that.    As far as how it is used, the synthetic aperture radar data is a key element of our ice mapping and Arctic forecast measurements that are done with our National Ice Center combined with VIIRS Day/Night Band imagery. The local lightning data is used by the National Weather Service. I don't know again the cost for that but it is a regular input, and John Murphy may want to address that in more specific detail.    Dr. Volz. I think as far as the actual getting under contract, they would work fine. The distinction that I would make between these particular examples and some of the GPS-RO and our global modeling examples is, when we take data and use it as part of our global numerical weather prediction models, we are also--we are ingesting along with data from European satellites, the Japanese satellites and our other partners. We have a longstanding relationship with all of our partners who share these models that we all share each other's data, and that makes all of our models better and makes all of our predictions more accurate, and it is the best environment for this collaborative engagement.    If we were to purchase data, we would bring that into that environment so we want to make sure that the data are readily transferrable and usable by all of our partners, and that is one of the key elements, that it is free and open data as far as our numerical weather predictions, and I don't think for local data around an airport or something like that, that is not an issue for that because we don't share that. It is not of interest to our international partners.    Dr. Volz. SAR data is an agreement with Canada, the Canadian government and their satellite data system there, and it is for--it is a mutual benefit. Both Canada and the United States are using those data, and we share the outputs both in Alaska and the Arctic, and I believe in the Great Lakes region as well, again, on a collaborative basis with--it still is local but it is local across a particular boundary with a specific agreement.    Dr. Volz. Yes.    Dr. Volz. Correct, sir, and John, if you want to add?    Dr. Volz. Well, sir, I think you identified the--the targeted funds in the polar follow-on are really essential to getting the instruments under contract, and I think of the 380, approximately 80-plus percent of that is going directly to our commercial space industry, which is building these instruments.    I do agree with you entirely in the principle that we need to be--we need to have a constellation which has both backbones, government-supplied solutions, and complemented by other alternative approaches, and in the future as the capabilities get stronger is likely to be more--is going to be more prevalent.    I think we have to be very careful of the risks to the user, the end user, which is if we get commercial approach which doesn't work out, we cannot let that compromise our ability to provide the weather forecast, and I know you are very sensitive to that as well.    So as far as the $380 million in the polar follow-on, that is very carefully targeted to making sure we have that backbone system capable through the end of the next decade so that we have the opportunity to try these alternative flexible approaches without jeopardizing our critical basic performance that the Nation expects.    Dr. Volz. As I said----    Dr. Volz. As I mentioned earlier on in the presentation here, there are many tasks, whether it is 21 or 40, in terms of the mitigation. There are a number of different tasks which have different disciplinary requirements, whether it is the Weather Service, Oceans Research or NES for satellite management and development, and those tasks are developed down to those different line offices. We each--we coordinate across the organization, and yes, there is a single person in charge, and that is the Under Secretary for Operations that we report to on a regular basis, and we report to the Secretary as well on a --the Under Secretary as well.    So it is coordinated and reported up through the chain of command but the individual activities are delegated down to their Centers of Excellence where the expertise is.    Dr. Volz. Yeah, and if I could comment on that too, I am glad John mentioned it. The POES satellites that were launched and are still flying, two of them in that same orbit, have been and still are operating. Now, they are older and they could fail as well, but if you had a--if the Suomi NPP went down, those would still be there.    What you will lose is that leap forward that I mentioned before, that Suomi NPP is much more capable than previous ones, but the backbone, we have infrared sounding and we have microwave radiometry out of those satellites, which would still be part and are used by the models and predictions.    Dr. Volz. I can't speak to that specifically, sir. I will definitely go back and check and see what the funding--how the fundings are distributed. We certainly will operate the satellite as long as it is functioning and operating effectively.    Dr. Volz. You are talking about post-2025, sir?    Dr. Volz. Well, the polar follow-on proposal that we have, which is to build the J-3 and J-4 instruments, includes in it the operational--in the long run. It is outside of this budget cycle particularly. It includes the operation and maintenance costs for these polar satellite constellation to the 2038 is the expected lifetime of those satellites as well. Whatever satellites are in orbit, we will be operating within those budgets as defined in our program.    Dr. Volz. Well, sir, I can't comment in detail since I am not very--I don't have a lot of insight into it, but I do know the latest model using data from the last ten years, shuttle data particularly, that helped update those models. As far as--that is probably the level of detail I know. I can take that for the record and go back and get some more information for you if you would like.    Dr. Volz. It has been a top priority. So, I have problems with all this discussion of priorities about these mitigation efforts because every mitigation step that I know has been a top priority for us.    Dr. Volz. I am not sure if that is directed to all of us, sir. I don't believe we have pressures that limit us from doing the right thing and making the right choices.    Dr. Volz. I think we are open to buying appropriate data with the quality and the validation capabilities that meet our needs, and using that as an input into our numerical weather models, and we are happy to work with vendors to define a process by which we can validate the quality of their data sets and the reliability of them.    Dr. Volz. I am not sure that I would call it an anchor tenant because the question is, do we invest in their development costs on the premise that the outcome will be something we can use, and that is a higher-risk approach than I would prefer to take from the NOAA side.    I am not in the--I don't think it should be appropriate for us to develop a commercial capability that we might use in the future. I am happy to look at their data. I am happy to work with them on the way that they are developing their approaches in an open forum, and if it meets criteria, I am happy to buy it and use it.    Dr. Volz. Oh, boy. I am not going to answer that one, sir. I am sorry.