    Mr. Fortuno. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is a pleasure to see you and so many other friends, and I thank you for your leadership on this issue.    The focus of today's hearing is on point, because the economic outlook of Puerto Rico is directly linked to the historical necessity of a permanent, constitutionally-defined political status. The current economic crisis is a cruel manifestation that territorial status is not a sustainable model for the political economy of America's last large and populous territory.    Real people are enduring harsh suffering because Puerto Rico's development is being suppressed by a century of even more severe constraints on growth than 32 other territories experienced before transitioning to a statehood economy. The dire situation that has developed under the commonwealth regime is demonstrated by graphs that I have provided to this subcommittee.    With the exception of a year and a half between 2011 and 2012, Puerto Rico's economy has been in negative territory during the last 9 years. The situation has turned critical during the last 30 months. We must reverse this accelerating decline and restore fiscal discipline, so that people can go back to work and families can recover optimism and prosperity.    But, Puerto Rico's full potential for economic success and job creation will not be realized until economic uncertainty generated by the island's unresolved political status is replaced by stability and full participation in the U.S. national economy. The 3.5 million U.S. citizens of Puerto Rico get it. That is why a 54 percent majority voted to end the current status in the plebiscite of 2012.    With voter turnout exceeding 78 percent, more than 61 percent of voters chose statehood over separate sovereign nation, with or without a treaty of free association. Results certified by the Puerto Rico Elections Commission confirmed that the total number of votes cast for statehood was greater than the total vote for the current status. That means the current status was defeated on the first ballot question, while statehood won a strong majority on the second ballot question.    There is no legal basis for assigning a meaning to blank ballots on the second question in the 2012 vote, while there is a historical precedent for a federally-sponsored vote to confirm the results of the 2012 plebiscite. That is why Congressman Pierluisi's bill, will empower voters either to confirm or reverse the 2012 vote for statehood.    H.R. 727 is fully consistent with the purpose of the 2014 bipartisan legislation in which Congress allocated $2.5 million for a new status vote. Its objective can be accomplished pursuant to the Pierluisi bill, under which the U.S. Attorney General still must certify the ballot question is legally valid under Federal law.    Yet, instead of open democratic self-determination, the ideological faction clinging to the status quo insists on obstructing the will of the people, as clearly expressed in the 2012 plebiscite. The defenders of the status quo can't even agree on a legally valid non-territorial status themselves.    The status proposals made in the past by the commonwealth party have not been constitutionally valid, and there is no indication that this time it will be any different. Meanwhile, as time passes, a steady and indeed unprecedented stream of U.S. citizens, denied both self-determination and equal economic opportunity in the territory, continue the exodus to acquire equal rights secured under our Constitution only through residence in a state.    But vast relocation within our national borders should not be required for U.S. citizens in a territory to attain equal rights. People know that in America equality includes government by consent, and in the United States that means voting rights in Federal elections secured only for residents of a state under our Constitution.    The real meaning of the 2012 vote is that decades of false doctrine on political status options have ended. A majority of your fellow citizens in Puerto Rico now understand that the most sacred fundamental rights of citizenship can be secured permanently and constitutionally only by citizenship in a state of the Union. This modern-day diaspora is a direct reflection of the inequities of the current territorial status and a direct response to the lack of action by Congress to address this flaw in our democratic way of life.    Every month, thousands of American citizens relocate from the island, leaving their homes and families behind, in search of equal opportunities, equal rights, and economic freedom that can only be attained in one of the 50 states. That is why supporters of statehood are not afraid to put the status we support to the test of an up-or-down vote. The most logical and democratic way for Congress to know where we stand as Americans is to allow us an up-or-down vote to confirm or overturn the 2012 results.    Thank you, and it is great seeing you again, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Fortuno. Thank you, and I commend you for raising this very important question. And, it is an honor to see you sitting up there on the dais.    As you very well state, there is a situation that was court-created of a so-called unincorporated territory. And what it means is that it grants Congress carte blanche to essentially do whatever it wants with the U.S. citizens residing in the territories. Initially, it was only applicable to territories with non-citizens. But it has been extended and applied to territories where American citizens reside, American citizens that actually have served with valor and courage in every single war, in our case, since 1917.    The only way to address this situation whereby our constitutional rights are never the same if we live in a territory is to either move to one of the 50 states or become a state. In order to attain that, there ought to be, in my opinion, number one, a process by which majority rules in the territory, in terms of the terms that are acceptable, but also in terms that are acceptable to Congress, because Congress has the ultimate word in this matter. And that is why H.R. 727 makes a lot of sense.    Mr. Fortuno. Mr. Chairman, should I give it a try?    Mr. Fortuno. I will be happy to, of course. And some of the members of this committee know my background. I slashed expenses by 20 percent. I am proud to be a fiscal conservative. But I can tell you that I believe that the rules in the country should apply in the same way for creditors and debtors across the country, regardless of whether you are dealing with the credit of Detroit, California, Florida, or Puerto Rico. And, in that sense, I believe that certainty is required.    Some people have stated in the past, well, if you now implement a Chapter 9, or you allow Chapter 9 to actually benefit both creditors and debtors of debt issued by Puerto Rico, you will be changing the rules of the game. That is exactly what this Congress does every day, and that is exactly what investors in every type of paper face every single day. Congress changes rules, especially tax rules, every single day.    So, in that sense, nothing special. But I strongly believe that there ought to be fiscal responsibility on the part of the territory, but there ought to be certain rules that apply to debtors and creditors. And Chapter 9 applies in the 50 states; it ought to apply across the country, including the territories.