    Mr. Pompeo. Finally.    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for yielding.    I want to thank Chairman Pitts and Ranking Member Green for holding this hearing. I appreciate it. I very much want to thank Mr. Butterfield, too. We have been working on this for quite some time, and I think we are making fantastic progress. I also thank Mr. Welch for the ice cream as well. I hope it was Chunky Monkey. I couldn't see exactly what it was.    And I want to thank all the witnesses for being here today as well so that we can get the facts about both the technology and this legislation.    The fact is scientific consensus on the safety of genetically engineered products is overwhelming. Precisely zero pieces of credible evidence have been presented to show that food produced with biotechnology poses any risk to health and safety of consumers.    Before the idea that the government at any level should step in and mandate that they be labeled borders on the absurd. Expanding government at any level to enshrine preferences into a costly legal requirement is bad policy.    What policymakers need to realize is that this bad policy has real effects on families we represent in our districts. Those who support mandatory genetically engineered product leveling must stand up and admit they are willing to increase the cost for foods for families in places like Wichita, and Houston, and Grand Rapids, and New York in order to satisfy the unscientific demands of anti-biotechnology activists. Our goal here must be to ensure that families in America have access to safe, nutritious, affordable food for their kids and families. Having hundreds of different governments, state and local, regulating food labeling, increases costs to families across America and for no benefit.    We should also consider the effects of biotechnology on the ability to feed the world. Providing affordable food around the planet is something that Americans and Kansans are going to need to be an important part of, and allowing biotechnology to flourish will be an important part of getting this policy right.    The potential amendment we are considering on H.R. 59 and the one that we are reviewing today is the result of much conversation between the Energy and Commerce Committee and Ag Committee, and I appreciate their work alongside us. Like the current language this amendment ensures that every new genetically engineered plant destined to enter our Nation's food supply goes through an FDA safety review.    Additionally, this amendment improves our bill by aligning USDA and FDA responsibilities to ensure that a thorough and complete review of these products is done. I have a letter from over two dozen members of the Agriculture Committee, Mr. Pitts, that I would like to enter into the record dated June 18th.    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you.    The reality is that biotechnology, time and time again, has been proven safe. This is simply not a debatable point. Our policy ought to reflect that, and we shouldn't raise the price for consumers based on a desire of a particular set of activists.    Thank you, again, Mr. Pitts, and I look forward to the hearing.    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you, Mrs. Brooks. I appreciate that.    And I thank you all for being here, as well.    Mr. Daloz, you said that you trust people to make their own decisions. In fact, we saw Mr. Welch hold up a container that said non-GMO today under the current law. Would that producer still be able to produce that container after H.R. 1599 passed?    Mr. Pompeo. So, he would. You understand it incorrectly. Because this is exactly what I wanted to address.    There is nothing in this legislation that denies any food producer any ability to market their product as non-GMO as long as that is a truthful statement and accurate. That proves my point precisely. Chipotle could still sell you a 5,000-calorie burrito that was non-GMO and tell you it was a good idea. As long as it was truthful and accurate, they could continue to do that. And this is exactly what I wanted to get at.    So you suggested that somehow H.R. 1599 denies anyone the right to know anything. But it doesn't. Can you tell me where in the bill you see that it would prevent someone from doing that?    Mr. Pompeo. There would be hundreds of thousands of state laws still in effect. There just would be no ability for a state to have mandatory labeling.    There would still be complete freedom for every company in the world that wanted to market their products as being something that was truthful, including non-GMO--they could continue to do so. There is absolutely no denial of anyone's right to know whether that product is there. And someone who only wants to eat non-GMO ice cream can do so today, and they can do so once we get H.R. 1599 passed.    And so, if I am right about that, you will come join me on the podium when we celebrate its passage, I assume, and I will look forward to that.    You also talked about there being lots of popularity for this. Has this ever passed by referendum in any state in the United States of America that you know of?    Mr. Pompeo. My questions was a yes-or-no question. Has it ever passed by referenda anywhere? When it has been put to the people, have they ever approved what you are proposing?    Mr. Pompeo. Right. So every time it has been on the ballot, the American people have rejected it. And I think that is important for folks to understand, because there is this idea somehow there is this tidal wave of demand and everyone is screaming for it.    In fact, Mr. Jaffe, a question to you. First of all, I want to say thank you. I have appreciated your counsel through this. You have been reasonable and rational and thoughtful, and I greatly appreciate that. We differ a little bit on the front end. I am happy to try and work with you to get that a little bit better. And I appreciate that.    But you said 7 percent of the people want it. I don't know exactly how many it is. But my bill, in your judgment, it will allow those 7 percent of the people to continue to eat all non-GMO food if they chose and to only purchase products that contained a label that reflected that. Even after this bill came to passage, they could continue to do that, and they could pay the premium that was required, and life would be good for them.    Is that correct?    Mr. Pompeo. I appreciate that distinction.    I just want to clarify one thing to clean up something a little bit. Mr. Daloz, you kind of gave an answer that I want to just make sure I have right.    So when the FDA came to testify, Michael Landa testified, he said that the FDA was confident that GE foods in the marketplace today are as safe as their conventionally bred counterparts. I asked Representative Kate Webb, the assistant majority leader in Vermont, that question. She said she agreed with it.    I assume you agree with that statement from the FDA, as well?    Mr. Pompeo. So you agree with it too. Great.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you for your consideration and your help with this.    I yield back the balance of my time.