    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to each of you for being here.    And I am just curious, Mr. Stanislaus, how many times have you now testified before a committee or subcommittee?    Mr. Harper. Surely.    Mr. Harper. Have you kept up with the number of times that----    Mr. Harper. Yes, yes. That was the answer I was looking for. Thank you very much.    I am going to remember that one, Mr. Stanislaus.    Mr. Gomez, you just testified, and, obviously, your 2015 report noted that, while Interior and USDA have identified thousands of contaminated and potentially contaminated sites, they don't have a complete inventory of sites. Can you elaborate on that a little bit? And then tell me, how do you remedy that?    Mr. Harper. And, also, Interior and USDA disagree over some of the docket listings that exist now. Tell us what the disagreement is about or if that is significant.    Mr. Harper. So how do we get one list? How do we ever get to one list?    Mr. Harper. And assuming we had a uniform list, it is not necessarily static, because you can have new sites that develop or become----    Mr. Harper. Gotcha.    Mr. Harper. In your written testimony, you had mentioned that there is a lack of interagency agreements between DOD and EPA. Can you elaborate on that and explain why this could be a problem or is a problem?    Mr. Harper. OK.    Are there similar problems with other Federal agencies conducting cleanups under CERCLA?    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Gomez.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Harper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate it very much.    And thanks to each of you for being here to shed some light on a very important issue.    I will start with you, Ms. Buthker. Your written testimony gives an example of DOD historically asserting sovereign immunity in order to unilaterally decide issues such as what constitutes a state applicable or relevant and appropriate requirement. And we also understand that Federal agencies assert or threaten to assert sovereign immunity and thereby discourage states from enforcing otherwise applicable state laws.    Obviously, this is a problem for states, but can you please explain the issue?    Mr. Harper. OK.    You also mentioned that DOD previously took the position that enforcement actions taken by the state could constitute a breach of the Defense-State Memorandum of Agreement. Could you first explain what the Defense-State MOA is and then tell us why this is problem for states?    Mr. Harper. Does DOD ever--do they ever currently assert this position?    Mr. Harper. I know we don't have time for you to answer and explain, but are there other agencies besides DOD that are doing the same thing in asserting sovereign immunity in order to decide what constitutes an ARAR?    Mr. Harper. Just tell me which agencies they are, and maybe somebody else will follow up.    Mr. Harper. Thank you very much.