    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    One of the concerns I have is when you consider the House's position and the Senate's position on RD-180s, our positions are different. And I have heard that ULA is interested in developing the Vulcan to the extent that they have a certain number of RD-180s available for the future. And if we don't have that certain number, then they are not interested in developing the Vulcan.    My question for you, Mr. Bruno, is what happens if the Senate doesn't come the direction of the House? In that case, what happens to the Vulcan and what is your backup plan?    Mr. Bridenstine. You indicated that with the commercial launches in addition to the military launches that there would be economic viability for multiple providers. And it looks like even, you know, we might get a third provider with Orbital ATK potentially participating. That being the case, is there a reason ULA couldn't get private capital to support the investment?    Mr. Bridenstine. Mr. Culbertson, does Orbital ATK agree with that position, that it is not worth the investment if there is not more RD-180 engines? Obviously, you guys are doing it without the RD-180 engine.    Mr. Bridenstine. Mr. Thornburg, when you think about the commercial market with the EELV program, is the market big enough? And for how many providers? And, clearly, you guys are already making the investment privately.    Mr. Bridenstine. And for Mr. Bruno, you would know that the United States and we, as Members of Congress, we want to make sure we have assured access to space which means we need multiple launch service providers for the EELV program. That being the case, your investors have got to understand that it is not in our interest as a Nation to have two providers and one of them go out of business and end up with a monopoly, which means there is going to be some level of security, would you agree with that? And are your investors, your parents, aware of that?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Bruno, you mentioned earlier to close the business case, ULA will need to be able to compete in the commercial sector for space launch; is that correct?    Mr. Bridenstine. Mr. Meyerson, does Blue Origin intend to also compete in the commercial space launch industry with its own system?    Mr. Bridenstine. So if--and just for you, Mr. Bruno, if Blue Origin enters a space, and they are competing directly against you in the commercial market, and you are entirely dependent on them for your rocket engine, does that pose a risk to the costs of government launches?    Mr. Bridenstine. If the AR1 engine ultimately is not what is down-selected, what is the future for the AR1?    Ms. Van Kleeck.    Mr. Bridenstine. Is there a chance that that launch vehicle provider might materialize and the AR1 would find itself relevant in both commercial and the EELV program?    Mr. Bridenstine. One of the--one of the challenges we have is--certainly, it seems like there are two different directions that the panel is trying to accommodate. One direction is the Air Force's position, which is we need to purchase launch as a service. And, of course, that has been the going mindset for everyone for quite a while. Then we ended up in this position where the Russians got aggressive. And, boy, I will tell you, I share Chairman Rogers' position. We don't want to send one more dollar to Russia that we don't absolutely have to send to them. And certainly I agree with Chairman Rogers that we need to do everything possible to mitigate the risk to our own assured access to space. That is kind of what drove us to this position today where we have got language in the NDAA that ultimately might not be compatible with language that says, we need to purchase launch as a service.    So this is a challenge we are going to continue to have. Unfortunately, the panelists today find themselves in a challenge where they are trying to basically go two different directions at the same time, given what has happened in the world. And, of course, we as Congress, need to figure out a way to make this the best for our country, the best for the taxpayers, the best in the national security interest of the United States. I know Chairman Rogers has that in his heart. The goal here is to get off any Russian engines and to make sure we have assured access to space. And we have got to make that happen. And I just appreciate you guys being here and working through this with us as we try to make it happen for our country.    Thank you guys very much.    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Since the issue of the sequester came up, I will take an opportunity to share what I think a lot of us on this panel worked on very hard. Every year, we reauthorize the Department of Defense. Every year, we appropriate funds for the Department of Defense. We have done that again this year, and we have found a way to unwind the sequester on defense for a year and meet the President's budget request.    Some people would argue that the color of money isn't right. I would argue that they are correct. I would also argue that the money spends the same way, and the money is all green, and what we need to do is unwind this defense sequester permanently. But, for now, we have funded the Department of Defense at the President's budget request level. That is what we have done. And we worked really hard on both sides of the aisle to make this happen.    I would also let people know that, when the President threatens to veto defense appropriations or to veto the NDAA after we met his budget request, the world is listening to that, and it doesn't help the situation at all.    This is an important issue. We need to unwind the defense sequester permanently, and, certainly, I support that. But the reality is, every year, we reauthorize the Department of Defense. Every year, we appropriate funds for the Department of Defense. This meets that same situation.    My question is, when I heard General Greaves talk about technical maturation--that is step one--and risk reduction as part of step one, rocket propulsion system investment as step two, launch systems investment as step three, this sounds an awful lot like the same process that Dr. Griffin went through with COTS.    And my question for you, Dr. Griffin, is, why is it inappropriate now but it was appropriate then? Was the COTS program unsuccessful? Which--now we have commercial crew and commercial resupply; it seems like it is at least working. Why is this different?    Mr. Bridenstine. Real quick----    Mr. Bridenstine. Is that not what COTS was? COTS was the funding of the development, ultimately, right, that led to----    Mr. Bridenstine. So the level of the investment was----    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay.    I just have a few seconds left. And I just want to reiterate the point I made earlier, which is the Department of Defense will be fully funded, and the President needs to sign that into law.    And I think it is critically important that we not, you know, take risk of, you know, shutting down the Department of Defense because the President believes we don't have enough money spent on the IRS or enough money spent on the EPA or the National Endowment for the Arts. That is not an appropriate thing to do, especially given the threats that we face in the world.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.