    Mr. Barker. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and Members of the subcommittee, the National Association of Veterans' Program Administrators is pleased to be invited to provide comments this afternoon.    NAVPA is a nationally recognized nonprofit organization founded in 1975 by school certifying officials. Our organization represents close to 400 education institutions nationwide.    NAVPA recognizes the significant higher education opportunities that are afforded this generation of veterans. We are committed in partnership with the Department of Veteran Affairs to ensure the success of the programs that are funded.    A year ago, Student Veterans of America published the Million Records Project. One of the clear observations that emerged from the data in this study was the unique nontraditional education pathways that veterans take. Student veterans are more likely to transfer or change institutions and take longer than traditional college students to complete their education credentials. This makes defining success and measuring outcomes of veterans challenging.    The GI Bill Comparison Tool is an important breakthrough in providing information to potential student veterans. However, it has significant limitations. The graduation rate used in the tool is the Department of Education's metric based on the Integrated Post-Secondary Education Data System, iPEDS.    The iPEDS graduation cohort is limited to first-time, full-time students. Therefore, students who arrive on campus with transfer credits or start at one institution but graduate from another are unrepresented in the graduation rate.    Based on the American Council on Education's recommendations, servicemembers' and veterans' military transcripts are evaluated for transfer credit. If credit is awarded, the student will never be represented in the graduation cohort rate currently reported in the Comparison Tool.    Being mindful of the SVA's Million Records Project, the metric used in the GI Bill Comparison Tool does not account for the unique experience and enrollment patterns of student veterans, specifically the arrival on campus with credits from the military transcript and the high transfer rate between institutions, thus making the iPEDS graduation data not truly reflective of the efforts of the student veterans or the institutions providing their education.    Rather than the current graduation metric used in the Comparison Tool, course completion rates would be a better indicator of veteran students' success. While graduation rates are an important indicator, NAVPA believes that veterans deserve a more valid Comparison Tool which utilizes relevant data and metrics and urges Congress to ensure that the VA has adequate funding resources and time to develop such a tool.    NAVPA endorses the feedback system. We support the increased scrutiny by the VA for validated serious complaints including risk-based program reviews. We ask that the notification follow-up and the resolution process currently be improved.    Our membership reports that once they provided feedback for a complaint lodged against their school, resolution information is not currently being provided by the VA.    It is also worth noting that there are significant concerns that all complaints whether valid or invalid against institutions is available in the school's summary section of the Comparison Tool.    It is the position of NAVPA that only validated complaints be listed along with the summary of corrective actions taken.    The Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 is viewed by NAVPA as a significant commitment from our country to our most deserving population. Section 702 of the act requiring that all public institutions of learning that are participating in VA-approved programs charge in-state tuition and fees to covered individuals as described in the act is indeed supported by NAVPA membership.    NAVPA is concerned that the implementation date of July 1, 2015 may not allow all state governments to pass legislation that will bring their states into compliance with Section 702.    We understand that the VA is in the process of developing waiver criteria for states that are actively pursuing changes to become compliant. It is our position that waivers may create a situation of inequity between state institutions.    We respectfully request that this committee strongly consider House Resolution 475 which includes moving the implementation date for Section 702 to July 1, 2016.    And our membership would like to commend the Department of Veteran Affairs for their work in successfully implementing Section 701 of the Choice Act. Our member schools have reported that the implementation of Section 701 including transferring covered individuals from other VA education benefits to the Fry Scholar has been handled very well by the VA.    In closing, on behalf of the membership institutions of NAVPA, I thank you for the opportunity to discuss these important issues with the committee today.    Mr. Barker. Ms. Rice, if I may?    The benefit--the charge for the entitlement of the benefit is not--the 36-month charge is only charged a full month if the student is enrolled at full-time for the full month.    Mr. Barker. To answer your question, for a student who is attending a college or a university using the first 9-1-1 GI Bill at less than the full-time rate, then there is a natural expansion of the benefit in there, in that the entire month, the 36 months is not being eaten up. Does that make sense?    Mr. Barker. Very quickly, Ms. Rice.    I believe that you are alluding to a program that is a VA-specific program, VetSuccess on Campus. It does have some parameters for the amount of veterans that are on campus, but that is a very specific VA program, and then the proximity to other veterans services. So it is a VO region. It's the number of veterans on campus, yes, indeed.    Mr. Barker. Absolutely.    Mr. Barker. I would agree with the gentleman from the VA that finances can become the biggest challenge, but I would offer that the residency issue is just one issue. And out-of-state tuition and fees, there is a vehicle in place currently for institutions to be able to participate in the Yellow Ribbon program, which is a partnership between the Department of Veterans Affairs and an individual institution. So there is a vehicle there that exists.    I harken back to academic preparedness, frankly, and I think that the folks that make up my membership in 400 institutions would probably agree that academic preparedness and veterans arriving on campus being able to face the rigors of higher ed becomes their biggest challenge. And not because they don't have the capacity, but, frankly, they don't have--in a lot of cases they don't have the--I don't want to say motivation, because they are highly motivated, but they just have not seen what it takes to be successful in higher ed previously, so they don't have a model to follow frankly.    Mr. Barker. Ma'am, my campus is a four-year state institution in the State of Colorado and we are very fortunate that we have an early childhood education program as one of course offerings. And in that program we have a couple of childcare centers on our campus, and specifically our student veterans, just about a year ago, were granted access and awards to that childcare, and it was a significant impact on the retention rates and course completion rates for our student veterans after we implemented access to that childcare on our campus. So I think that you are absolutely right.    The childcare, regardless of the gender of the parent, childcare is a significant issue that could really oftentimes is a show stopper for our student veterans on our campuses.