    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, witnesses, for being here.    While I was home in the district in August, I visited all 22 counties which I have, and I visited lenders, bankers, credit unions, in all those counties where they exist. And over and over again I was shown the effects of Dodd-Frank on these small banks. In Mississippi, we have nothing but small banks. And the new regulations that are coming out that are about to come in are five or six three-inch binders worth of new regulations that my small Mississippi banks must comply with in order to run their business, many of them who do not have as many employees as you, Mr. Mitchell, who has a small bank, but not as small as some of the ones that I represent. In Mississippi, small businesses, and specifically our banks, our small banks, are the cornerstone of every single town. It is the basis of why we have a town. And if there is not a bank, there is not a town. Mr. Eagerton, the same way. Every military institution I have ever been on or installation, the credit union there is the cornerstone of one of those military installations.    That being said, Mr. Mitchell specifically, can you tell me in any way that Dodd-Frank, since its enactment and the regulations that currently exist and those that are coming, can you tell me how they make banks more accessible? How they make lending more fair? How they make you more responsible as a bank to the people that you lend money to? How it has made it more time sensitive in the way that you respond to your end customer, and how it protects our customers better?    Mr. KELLY. I actually was a loan closing attorney in a former life. It has been many, many years because it was too complex for me in 1999 when I closed my last loan, and that was way before all this.    Mr. KELLY. I do not want to know. That is why I came to Congress, I think.    But that being said, do you think that more regulation and more paperwork and thicker loan packages that take a longer time to implement are better or worse? Do they cost more or less for the end consumer, the person who is getting the loan? Mr. Mitchell?    Mr. KELLY. And one final question from a consumer standpoint. That thick regulation, the thick amount of the loan closing package that you have right now, do the majority of your customers when they are signing those loan document papers, do they understand what they are signing or are they relying on an attorney who in most cases is not representing them but representing someone else? Do they understand what is in all those regulations that they are signing that is supposed to protect them?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Mitchell, and I yield back the balance of my time, Mr. Chairman.