    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it very much. Thanks for also addressing this particular bill this morning. The Prevent Interruptions in Physical Therapy Act is a bipartisan bill that I introduced, along with my good friend and colleague, Ben Ray Lujan.    Currently, Medicare allows a wide range of medical providers, including doctors of medicine, osteopathy, and chiropractors, the ability to bring in other licensed professionals under their provider number. This allows for substitutes for when a practice is short-staffed for a short period of time for reasons such as illness, maternity or paternity leave, or vacation. Such instances are referred to as ``locum tenens arrangements.'' Physical therapists currently are excluded from employing locum tenens in their practices, forcing seniors to either find a new physical therapist or not receive treatment during the time their therapist is out.    To illustrate the problem that occurs, this is a letter from Alicia Nixon, a physical therapist in Hillsborough County, Florida, and I quote, ``I am a private practice owner and have served mostly Medicare patients for the last 11 years. The current Medicare rules have been very difficult and detrimental, at times, to my practice's viability. Just as important, there have been times that were completely unavoidable and that the Medicare patients were not able to be seen in order to remain in compliance with the current regulations. It has been almost impossible to take a vacation or time to attend conferences or seminars because of my need to be onsite at the clinic. I was recommended to have surgery 6 years ago that I still have not had because it would require me to be away from the practice for over 6 weeks for recovery. When I received a court summons, I had to close the clinic for 2 days, with patient visits having to be canceled, and all staff lost wages from the necessary closure,'' end quote.    At one point, this practice lost a physical therapist. It took about a year to fill that vacancy, and then she writes again and I quote: ``In the timeframe that I was looking to fill the vacancy here at the practice, my biggest fear was that, if I was in an accident and physically not able to be onsite for a period of time, it would mean certain closure of the office. It is very sad that an office that has provided excellent services to the Medicare community is so vulnerable because of the current regulations.'' We need to pass this bill, Mr. Chairman. It is pro-patient and pro-physical therapist.    I yield back. Actually, I would like to yield the rest of my time to Chairman Greg Walden. Thank you.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norby, in your testimony, you very briefly talked about the challenge your practice faced when one of the therapists was away. So, again, it is the geography, but also, the small practice that has difficulties. Can you elaborate more on what happened with your business? What problems this created? And how badly this inconvenienced both patients and physical therapists, please? Thank you.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you so much. Ms. Norby, will giving physical therapists the ability to use locum tenens arrangements increase waste, fraud and abuse in the system or cause excess utilization of services? Is there any evidence that locum tenens arrangements leads to these problems? I know that Ben and others have touched on this, but I want to give you the opportunity, and I have something to submit for the record as well.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to submit this letter from CMS which states that CMS doesn't have evidence locum tenens leading to increased utilization, or that locum tenens leads to fraud.    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. If a physical therapist is out for an extended period of time, their patients may have to cancel or reschedule or may forget to reschedule future appointments. Can you talk about how important it is for seniors to maintain their physical therapy regimen?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you. I guess I have 3 seconds. Can I ask one more question, Mr. Chairman--actually, I am over.    Mr. Bilirakis. One more? Thank you.    Can you describe how locum tenens works, and why a physical therapist can't just pick up a substitute for a physical therapist during staffing shortages? Does private insurance also allow for locum tenens? I just want you to have an opportunity to elaborate.    Mr. Bilirakis. I thank you very much. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.