    Ms. VILLA. Good afternoon, Congressman Knight and Congressman Valadao. I appreciate the invitation to testify here today, and I'm honored to provide you with insight into the obstacles faced by a small woman-owned defense contractor.    My name is Virginia Villa, and I am the CEO of West Pacific Electric Company located in Lemoore, California. Located in California's Central Valley, Lemoore is home to the Naval Air Station and surrounded by many rural communities that are traditionally underserved. The Central Valley is also home to many small business and minority-owned companies struggling to grow and provide jobs for their employees.    My firm, West Pacific Electric Company, is an electrical firm which currently employs 11 full-time employees. Our services include all phases of electrical with a special emphasis on high voltage electrical distribution. Currently we bid on federal, state, municipal, and commercial projects throughout California and neighboring states. When opportunity permits, we bid as a prime contractor, but the majority of our bidding is as a subcontractor.    As Chief Executive Officer of West Pacific Electric Company, I have attended numerous events sponsored by various Federal agencies, such as the Society of Military Engineers, SAME, and the Minority Business Development Agency, also known as MBDA. I attended each of these events with the assumption that I would be given the same opportunities as other contractors to bid on Federal, State, and local contracts.    While these events provided more insight and information regarding submitting bids for defense contracts and were marketed as providing opportunities for all interested in seeking government contracts, the reality is that each event shared one common message. It is recommended that the small defense contractors reach out to large contractors for subcontracting opportunities.    As those of us here today understand, small businesses and businesses owned by minorities face unique challenges when competing for contracts and jobs for their employees. These challenges are most apparent when larger companies and major projects leave out the small business firms and ignore the potential to include them in this serious bidding process.    I understand large contractors may find it easier to work with proven subcontractors, but this leaves out growth potential for qualified companies to compete. Many in my position wonder why small businesses are expected to pull on the coattails of large contractors just to get an opportunity to bid while it should be the large contractors reaching down into the large pool of small businesses that can perform the work.    As CEO of West Pacific Electric, accessing federal contracts is a challenge I face every day. In addition to attending informational events sponsored by SAME and MBDA, I also have taken the initiative to meet with small business representatives of various agencies to present my firm's proposals and capabilities. Furthermore, I have aggressively worked to expand my own network in an effort to better position my company. I am a member of the United States Women's Chamber of Commerce, MBDA, SAME, and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, which provides with networking opportunities to work with large contractors.    To contribute to my qualifications, I hold the following certifications: Economically Disadvantaged Woman-Owned Small Business, CPUC, State of California Small Business, Small Disadvantaged Business, SDB, and GSA contract holder, all of which are contract vehicles when bidding on government projects. Despite these efforts, my company continues to face obstacles when applying for government contracts. I will provide you with one reoccurring example.    When a large government contract is released, our firm does preliminary research to confirm that a subcontracting plan is incorporated within the solicitation. If a subcontracting plan is incorporated and my company decides to bid on the project, a lot of work and man-hours go into preparing a bid. We oftentimes later find out that the majority of the contractors that have been awarded a subcontract are large firms. This leads me to believe that subcontracting plan is ignored and discourages me from bidding on the next project.    While larger established companies have an advantage, there are still opportunities for small businesses and minority-owned companies throughout the state and in the Central Valley. It is critical that my company has access to projects close to home in the Central Valley. Potential projects include the development of the California high-speed rail, a $68 billion project, and the renovations at Lemoore Naval Air Station, $1.6 billion. General construction projects are a deal for businesses to participate in and help subcontracting and job creation opportunities.    I believe there are many common sense solutions that should be considered in order to encourage the involvement of small businesses, and I'm happy to have the opportunity to discuss those further at today's hearing.    In closing, again, I want to thank you for the opportunity to testify before the Committee today. I hope that my testimony provides you with further insight and information regarding the challenges faced by small business defense contractors. Thank you.    Ms. VILLA. Absolutely, it is an issue. In fact I get calls all the time from non-banking, Wells Fargo, and 20 percent interest, because they target us because as a small business we do not have access to the original type of working capital.    Currently we are working with a bank to where they want to put a lien on the receivables; in other words, take the receivables as collateral. It is a struggle because that is a hard notion to bring into any type of federal agency or any other customer that you are working with is to let them know, there is a possibility that my receivables may be used as collateral; therefore, you have to send the money directly to the bank.    It is a struggle. It is a continued struggle.    Ms. VILLA. Absolutely. Very familiar term: accountability. It is all about accountability. As a contractor that traditionally bids maybe 20 percent prime, 80 percent subcontract, I am looking for accountability from contracting officers and general contractors. So when I see that there is an implementation within the solicitation for a small business utilization plan and it is not being met, and I go to a job site and I see all large contractors, it is frustrating because at the end of the day there are no sanctions, nothing being done, and it is continually happening.    I have thought about this. I think about this every day. One thing that I think would work is in the construction industry, after we are awarded a project, we have what they call the submittal phase. In the submittal phase is when you turn into the government your environmental plan, safety plan, QC plan, the type of equipment that is in compliance with the solicitation.    I think there also needs to be a plan that the general contractor has to submit to all the subcontractors that they are using. Show the contract amount. Show its discipline. Then, like all the other sections, it either gets denied or it gets approved. At the end of the project when you do the wrap-up, the warranty letter, all the other documents that you have to give to the federal government, do a follow-up plan with the steps. Make sure that there was not, we see commonly used a lot, a lot of the bait and switch. Make sure that does not take place.    I think if general contractors and contracting officers see that they have to continue to do that, I think a lot will change because there is no room for error. They have to comply, and they have to be in compliance with the solicitation. I think that will help a lot of the small businesses.    Ms. VILLA. Yes, I have. Our local PTAC is out of Monterey. It has been favorable. In fact, the gentleman that I work with, he has offered a lot of insight, a lot of recommendations, and it has been helpful. In fact, I just signed up for bid matching. We will see the results of it. He does email me probably twice a month to see if there are any, needs, any way that they can help me, so it is favorable.    Ms. VILLA. The problem is nothing.    Ms. VILLA. That is the complaint is because as a small contractor, I have limited resources in my estimating department. When it continually happens, you no longer bid to the general contractor.    Ms. VILLA. My experience has just been with the Department of Navy, specifically NAS Lemoore. The majority of it, I am probably priming maybe 10 percent right with NAS Lemoore where the remainder is as a subcontractor.    Ms. VILLA. It does not. Previously my husband owned a firm back in 1991 where he used to be an 8(a) contractor, and we did have a lot of experience--China Lake, NAS Lemoore, NASA, Point Hueneme--all the agencies. But specifically now, no, it does not. It specifically just stays at NAS Lemoore.    Mr. RHEA.--except to keep the flight test activity alive for a number of years in the future.    Ms. VILLA. I have not researched any opportunity, so I have no information.