    Mr. Bryan. It is an honor for me to be here this morning. As you guys are well aware, legislators, like the laborers in the Bible parables, arrive at different times and play different roles in harvesting and planting crops. By that I mean sponsoring and getting good legislation passed.    Working for school choice and opportunity scholarships in particular has been a long labor. In North Carolina, there was much sowing of seeds to expand opportunities for parents and students across our state.    As a freshman legislator in 2013, I had the privilege of arriving at the right time to be a part of those first fruits for school choice in North Carolina.    By way of my background, and going back about 20 years, I was an early Teach for America teacher in a bilingual classroom in inner-city Los Angeles. Between my two years of teaching, I was the first intern at the Center for Education Reform right here in D.C.    These experiences have shaped my perspective as a legislator and made me a fan of expanding school choice options, especially for low income families who typically have the fewest options.    All this led me to be the primary sponsor of the opportunity scholarship law, which provides roughly 6,000 low income students and their families a scholarship to go to the school of their choice. Moreover, I am proud that this historic legislation had bipartisan leadership, with two Republicans and two Democrats serving as the primary sponsors standing together to make this opportunity a reality for thousands of students.    We also had our state's first school choice program, the special needs education grant, passed in 2011, which was also passed with broad bipartisan support.    Unfortunately, many establishment folks in education and often the press are not fans of opportunity scholarships. They outline fears and pessimism, concerns over bad schools and lack of regulation, while neglecting our hopes, the opportunities, and the evidence.    As a lawyer, I appreciate looking at the evidence. There are significant pieces of evidence that are available in discussing opportunity scholarships. I think in reverse order of importance, they are that opportunity scholarships actually save money, both at the state and local level. They improve public schools, and most importantly, they improve outcomes for students.    I think this has been good policy for North Carolina and for the rest of the country. Where does this policy intersect with reality for the families in each of your districts and mine? It is easy for us to fail to recognize the real lives impacted. The needs of these families are compelling. The opportunity scholarship program and our existing special needs program have provided new opportunities and challenges.    Our special needs scholarship to date, all the funds have been used, and there are over 500 families on a waiting list. Our opportunity scholarship program has over 13,000 applicants, and this figure will go up as the application period has just opened again.    I know numbers are thrown at all of us constantly, but please try to individualize these numbers. Think about each one of the families that is hoping, waiting for a scholarship. I have had to look these parents in the eyes, and it can wait no longer. We need to provide choices for them.    Distinguished members of this committee, we expect options and choices in today's world. Many families who can afford to are already exercising those options.    I am happy to say that North Carolina through the passage and implementation of these scholarship programs is now creating pathways for lower income and working families to participate in parental school choice, and they are doing so by the thousands.    Unfortunately, thousands more need your help. Although I am here representing the great State of North Carolina, I know there are other states like ours who appreciate the fact that you, our members of the United States House of Representatives, are exploring ideas of how more can be done to help families like the ones I have described.    I am also glad to be here to highlight the impact, the positive impact opportunity scholarships are having in North Carolina. As I look out my window on the 35th floor, I look down and see First Baptist Church. First Baptist Church is now housing the Brookstone Schools, which is an academically excellent urban Christian school serving low-income families. This school has a rich history of engaging, educating, and empowering students that come out of poverty and often the most dysfunction families and communities.    Brookstone Schools participate in the opportunity scholarship program where they have enrolled 23 students this year. I am fortunate to see much of the City of Charlotte out my window, but this view of the Brookstone Schools has become my favorite.    Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Scott, and distinguished members of the committee, I want to thank you again for your initiative in holding this hearing, and I am honored to have had the opportunity to share with you this morning.    Mr. Bryan. Thank you, Dr. Foxx. I think the first thing when I was working on a school choice bill was actually seeking out other legislators on the other side of the aisle who I thought might be supportive, and having conversations with them, trying to have conversations with folks across the spectrum, trying to make the issue of school choice less combative and more discussion about how we can create great outcomes for all of our kids.    Even public school advocates who really want every money, every sort of public dollar going to traditional public school acknowledged that we were failing a lot of our kids right now, and they need immediate access to other choices.    I think talking about it in that way is important. I think making sure that you talk to parents and other organizations that care about this issue and making sure they are getting the information they need to make good decisions. I think the primary thing I would say is try to work on it in as bipartisan a manner as possible to create a good outcome for kids.    Mr. Bryan. Sure. I will say as North Carolina's program was challenged, we were just starting, and I think as anyone would acknowledge, when you start a program, you are mostly dealing with anecdotes on the front end not actual data.    I think it is fairly common sense. I talked to our State Board of Education chair recently, and he made a comment that the principal of a traditional school--they had opened a charter in that district, and the principal of the traditional school had gone to talk to all 38 parents who were going to that charter. He said you know, that is exactly what happens when there is another choice for parents, is it makes sure that the people at the traditional school are serving their families well. That is what you want to have happening.    I think when parents have options, it creates the kind of environment where we know that we are serving our students well.    Mr. Bryan. Thanks for the question. I think it is fundamentally one of freedom. I think those schools are worried about government sort of being involved. They are all preexisting. One of the things we know about them is that they were existing without the government, and they have other parents there, and they may not want to release data surrounding other students.    Mr. Bryan. You can have reports on tax dollars, and I think we do, actually, you have to have a certain number of students so that the student data is not made available. There certainly are reports that have to be given on the data of how students are performing.    Mr. Bryan. That is correct.    Mr. Bryan. Yes.    Mr. Bryan. There is no--yes, they have their own standard requirements. Of course, they do not get money for any of those things either.    Mr. Bryan. Yes. They are an existing private school, so they have their own admission standards.    Mr. Bryan. Yes, and they get a lot of extra money to do so.    Mr. Bryan. Well, fundamentally, it is the parents exercising the right, which we have been doing since we have been America. We give out college grants to folks, they can exercise those at private religious universities, you can go to a Jewish college, a Christian college, whatever kind of college you want to go to and get public dollars for that. It is a parent or in that case a student making a choice.    Mr. Bryan. Again, they do not get money for those things. We give extra money for most of those things, and the standard traditional school gets that money. In these cases, they do not. There are schools that do take special need kids. That is the marketplace of the private schools.    Mr. Bryan. Well, it depends. I think there are schools that do provide that. I would love for more kids to have choices.    Mr. Bryan. Well, I think that is a good question and actually a broader question. I think we looked at a lot of the Florida tax credit program, which had been running for 10 years, and was running successfully with public and private schools really partnering in some ways. Superintendents that had been opposed to programs like this now feeling like they were able to partner with many of these private schools.    We looked at it and focusing really on the most underperforming and the highest poverty kids. We were focused on a particular issue and an immediate need, which again is if you are a parent and your kid is in a school that is not serving them well, you want an immediate option to get them in a school that--    Mr. Bryan. I think it is both. I think we are also doing things on the larger scale public school side from making sure we are focusing on our bottom performing schools.    Mr. Bryan. Yes, generally.    Mr. Bryan. Yes. You can go in as a kindergartner without--the main students are transferring from the public schools.    Mr. Bryan. Well, the parents know how their students are faring, and I think they are the ultimate form of accountability, is a parent feeling like their kid is being successful in that school. We know--    Mr. Bryan. Well, I mean, the easiest thing is if a parent does not like their school, they will not exercise on the option again. They will go back to the public school if they do not feel like the school is serving them well.    Mr. Bryan. Well, I mean like any small program, I think there is an acknowledgment that the vast bulk of our students, just like what has happened in Florida, Florida has had this program for 10 years, and the vast bulk of students remain in traditional public schools. They have also expanded and grown a lot and it has come to serve those families very well, understanding their unique needs, they are hard to meet, and sometimes moving to a private school environment is a great fit for them.    Mr. Bryan. Again, I would say our programs are new, so anything I say is mostly anecdotal. Again, I had the opportunity as I mentioned in my opening remarks to go visit a school that is right in uptown Charlotte and see 23 of the kids exercising on it, exercising on the opportunity scholarship, and just to hear stories about how excited their families are. The school is performing wonderfully. I do not know the express scores for each of those kids, but I know they are doing well, and it is an academically rigorous environment.    Again, I think it is testimonials like the ones you have heard today that make you realize that parents and students are excited and happy with their choices. I think that tells you there is success happening.    Mr. Bryan. Yes, definitely. We now have rallies with parents coming, people who want to get the scholarship, people emailing us constantly saying how can I get a scholarship, I would really like to get one.    Mr. Bryan. That is correct.    Mr. Bryan. Let me be clear in my statement. They have to take a nationally normed test. That is the requirement.    Mr. Bryan. Not necessarily.    Mr. Bryan. The programs are too new to really obtain a lot of data, so I could not answer, again, except for anecdotes, but I would say again I think when parents choose a program, they keep their kid if they are satisfied with the results. Again, they do have to take national normed tests, and the parents get all that information. If my kid was not doing well and I move them to another school, I am expected to see them doing better or I am not going to keep them there. I think that is the best evidence.