    Admiral Manazir. Yes, sir. Same thing. One statement for us.    Admiral Manazir. Yes, ma'am. Thank you for the question. And it is a great opportunity to be able to address naval aviation here. I enjoyed the opportunity to chat with you last year about kind of the same topic.    So I would like to discuss our strike fighter inventory management. From the depot throughput of our F-18A++s and Charlies, Bravos and Deltas, through the sustainment and eventual extension of the F-18E/F, which is going to occur in the middle of the 2020s, to the procurement of F-35C.    Given that there are two hotlines, the F-18E, F, and G hotline in Saint Louis and the F-35A, B, and C hotline for the Department of the Navy, that would be the Bravo and the Charlie models down in Fort Worth, we have wonderful opportunities to recapitalize our force.    The--certainly, the 2016 President's budget has increased risk in our ability to sustain our inventory managements. But to your point about numbers, we have a very, very precise model. And it is so precise that when you change an input, it will tell you exactly where your shortfall exists and in what year and how many.    And so since 2009, I have been involved in this process, either as part of the solution, but mostly probably part of the problem. And as the--in this position as the director of air warfare, we closely manage that inventory shortfall.    The chairman correctly described the manageable shortfall of 65 airplanes. In the United States Navy, we tier our readiness. We don't keep our readiness at the top level. That means we don't need all of the airplanes all of the time. We only support the deployed units at the top level. So we can manage with 65.    When we have a shortage over the next 5 years of about 100 aircraft, that tracks to the CNO's statement that he would like to have two to three squadrons to reduce the risk in our inventory management of F-18s, because that is an additional 35 aircraft to the hundred you talked about.    When you look at the strike fighter inventory management piece, use the word ``shortfall,'' that is a conclusive word that says I know what the supply is, I know what the demand is, and I know what my usage rate is; therefore, the formula says I have a shortfall and it is 135. That is if you leave everything identical. You don't change the supply, i.e., depot throughput in the near-term.    So let's talk about that for a second. I want to make the depot more efficient. When we started to project the work that needed to be done to extend the service life of the F-18C from 6,000 hours inspected to 8,000 hours of service life and now going to 10,000 hours, a 67 percent increase, we expected to do structural work on the airplane. What we did not expect is the amount of corrosion we found inside the airplanes, deep inside the airplanes, that were from years and years of use in austere environments on land, and then also in the salt air environment on the carriers.    That corrosion control work was not having to be accomplished if we stopped flying the airplane at 6,000 hours. That also added work to the depots. We used a lean process in manufacturing to get the work done based on programmed work. The problem is that corrosion added unplanned work. And so the depots have now had to go to a theory of constraints. And they are very good at looking at the capacity we have in the depots. Use a theory of constraints method called critical chain project management.    In FRC Southeast in Jacksonville, Florida, and in FRC Southwest at North Island, Coronado, California, they are putting a new process in place. Such that, for instance, we looked at our depot throughput and it was noted that our depot throughput needs to improve, we assumed that the depot, with all of its resources, you can put 17 airplanes through the depot at any one time. So you have 17 airplanes that work. An analysis using theory of constraints----    Admiral Manazir . Strike-fighter inventory management is very complex. Difficult short answer. Let me just do this. We got a new process in place. It is going to be more efficient. We are going to turn this around and get those airplanes. Then we are going extend to Es and Fs. And we still have the opportunity with two hotlines to be able to use that to reduce the risk.    Procurement of F-35C is the other end. As we discussed, the Navy and the Marine Corps have to get the F-35C to win. I hope that answers part of the question.    Admiral Manazir. Yes, sir. As the Department of Defense's only airborne electronic attack airplane, that is true. Very useful. We integrate our capabilities with the stealth characteristics of the F-35C and the electronic capabilities of the Growler. We get a very, very good integrated piece.    We have 153 Growlers. That is satisfactory for the Navy mission. We are embarking on a study, as the Chief of Naval Operations said, to evaluate the number we need for the joint mission going forward. The line still being open in Saint Louis keeps our options open.    Admiral Manazir. Sir, thank you. I will refer to the answer I gave to ranking minority member as for the inventory management.    The F-35C numbers that the Navy and the Marine Corps needs are not being procured in the numbers that we need to go into the future. The President's budget from the United States Navy and United States Naval Aviation had to defer 16 F-35Cs out of it for fiscal reasons and priorities of the Department.    We use 35 to 39 strike fighters a year just in utilization/attrition. If you are not replacing 35 to 39 aircraft a year, you cannot sustain your inventory into the future. We are looking very closely at that. And we look forward to working with Congress on acquiring enough airplanes to meet our strike fighter needs.    Admiral Manazir. Sir, we need to get the F-35Cs at 20 F-35Cs a year in 2020. But the CNO has already testified two to three squadrons of Super Hornets will reduce the risk to a manageable level. That would be 24 to 36 airplanes. And he has already testified to that, sir. I support that number.