    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks to the panel for being here.    I would state, Professor Bruno, your slip on Illinois being a right-to-work state. From your lips to God's ears, I hope.    As a proud son, proud son of Illinois and a former United Steelworker working at U.S. Steel South Works. And if you know anything about U.S. Steel South Works, it is no longer there. The union could not save South Works. Electric furnace where I worked the, the bop shop, the blast furnaces, the rolling mills. Now, there are other problems with that, as well. It is not only the United Auto Workers fault. I understand that.    But in our setting, in Michigan where I live now--and I can proudly say we are a right-to-work state. And I have colleagues often ask me, did I remember accurately that Michigan is a right-to-work--yes, it is. But it is more than that. It is an employee free-choice state. It is also an employer free-choice state.    Because like my friend and colleague, Mr. Pocan from Wisconsin who is a business owner and has union at his business. Has that choice, as well. My father helped organize U.S. Steel United Workers there. Proud union member. Until later years when he said wait a second, we got the things we needed; working standards, safety, benefits and other things that are important. But now, let's make sure we keep the jobs, as well.    And so let me ask you, Governor Ricketts, and thank you for being here. Why do entrepreneurs and start-up companies value right-to-work legislation?    Governor Ricketts. One of the things that start up companies and entrepreneurs are looking for are making sure they have access to the best talent. And people who, you know, they are looking to attract are looking to have choice.    And so I think that, again, when you are talking about undermining the right-to-work laws, such as the NLRB is talking about doing right now for Nebraska which, again, in our constitution. You are making it harder for us to keep those young people here in Nebraska that would be attracted to these companies and are start-up companies to be able to create those jobs.    So to me it gets back to choice and attracting the best talent available.    Mr. Walberg. Mr. Mix, you know Michigan well from your efforts on right-to-work legislation for many years there, as well. The unions weren't able to save General Motors or Chrysler and the jobs, specifically, of their employees.    But more importantly, in my district where not only do we have auto plants, but we also have the suppliers. Those little businesses, some that were unionized, some that weren't, have had a much more traumatic impact, and they are gone. Some went to the southern states where they had better opportunity, as well.    It is frequently stated that employees in right-to-work states are paid less and receive fewer benefits than similar employees in states that are not right-to-work. Is that accurate, Mr. Mix?    Mr. Mix. Absolutely not. In fact, we have evidence from the AFL-CIO that indicates otherwise. They did a study called the Interstate Study of Cost of Living Wages. And when they adjusted for cost of living, what they found was that workers in right-to-work states had about $1,250 more a year in mean disposable income than workers in forced unionism states.    It is just not. I mean, these studies don't adjust for cost of living. In fact, a new study is out about California having the highest poverty rate of any state in the country when you adjust for cost of living. There are meaningful comparisons that need to be made between wages from Utah and New York. If you do that and you adjust for wages, you find that workers in right-to-work states are actually better off, with more disposable income.    Mr. Walberg. Is security of jobs also a part of that factor?    Mr. Mix. Well, absolutely. Absolutely. You know, it is interesting. I wish that Congressman Pocan was still here. Because, you know, he says Wisconsin has been last in job growth--or tied for last for the last couple years. They have only been a right-to-work state for two months. I would ask him to be patient.    On the other front, the idea the metro rider, that guy who jumps over the fence does it illegally. The worker that is forced into a cab does it by force. But, the idea of having a job is important. I mean, 78 percent of all automotive manufacturing activity in the United States of America now occurs in right-to-work states. I mean, there is a reason for that.    Volvo just announced growth in South Carolina; BMW; Volkswagen in the right-to-work state of Tennessee. Good things are happening in those states. And good things are happening in other states, too.    But the idea of allowing individual workers to choose is really the fundamental issue here. I mean, let's get back to the basics. Will we as a country force a private organization to force a worker to pay dues or fees to work?    Mr. Walberg. Can employees pursue their grievances outside of the procedures in the CBA?