    Mr. Roth. Chairman Katko, Ranking Member Rice, and Members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me here today to discuss the results of our most recent TSA audit.    Federal regulations require that individuals who work in secure areas of commercial airports undergo background checks. TSA and the airports are required to perform these checks before granting individuals badges that allow them unescorted access to secure areas. Each background check includes a security threat assessment from TSA, including a terrorism check, a fingerprint-based criminal history records check, and evidence of the applicant's authorization to work in the United States. The airports themselves collect this information used for vetting and submit it to TSA through a contractor.    Once TSA receives biographic data, it electronically matches it against an extract of the Terrorist Screening Database to identify individuals with potential links to terrorism. TSA also recurrently vets airport workers every time it receives a watch list update. Based on this review, TSA may direct the airport to grant, deny, or revoke a credential after coordination with other Government entities.    We found that TSA was generally effective in identifying individuals with links to terrorism. However, we did undercover a significant weakness. At our request, the National Counterterrorism Center performed a data match of over 900,000 airport workers who have access to secure areas against the National Counterterrorism Center's TIDE database. As a result of this match, we identified 73 individuals with terrorism-related category codes within the TIDE database who also had active airport credentials.    According to TSA officials, current interagency policy prevents TSA from receiving all terrorism-related codes during vetting. This lack of access to complete records resulted in TSA not discovering the issue with these 73 individuals. TSA officials candidly recognize that not receiving these codes represents a weakness in its program and informed us that TSA cannot guarantee that it can consistently identify all questionable individuals without receiving those categories.    In 2014, the TSA administrator authorized his staff to request some of the missing category codes for vetting. However, according to an official at the DHS Office of Policy, TSA and DHS has yet to formalize the request to the watchlisting interagency policy committee in order to receive additional categories of terrorism-related records.    Additionally, we found an issue with the manner in which airport workers are checked for criminal histories. The airports themselves maintain the ultimate authority to review and determine whether an individual's criminal history contains disqualifying crimes under Federal law. However, TSA did not have an adequate monitoring process in place to ensure that airport operators properly adjudicated these criminal histories.    TSA officials informed us that airport officials rarely or almost never documented the results of their criminal history reviews electronically. Without sufficient documentation, TSA cannot systematically determine whether individuals with access to secure areas of the airport are free of disqualifying criminal convictions. Moreover, under current law and FBI policy, TSA and the airports are not legally authorized to conduct recurrent vetting of criminal histories. We also found a weakness in the verification process for an individual's authorization to work in the United States.    As with criminal histories, it is the airport operators who are required to ensure that aviation workers are authorized to work before sending their information to TSA for review. TSA then verifies that aviation workers have lawful status. However, a review of TSA data showed that TSA has had to deny credentials for over 4,800 applicants because TSA determined that they did not prove their lawful status in the United States even after appeal. Now, this occurred despite the fact that these individuals had previously been cleared to work by the airports as being legally authorized to work.    Finally, we looked at the quality of the data that is involved in worker vetting. TSA relies on airports to submit complete and accurate aviation worker data. However, we identified thousands of aviation worker records that appeared to have incomplete or inaccurate biographic information. We made six recommendations in our report. TSA agreed to all the recommendations and provided target completion dates for corrective actions. We will follow up on the implementation of these corrective actions.    Mr. Chairman, thank you again for inviting me to testify here today. I look forward to any questions you or other Members of the committee may have.    Mr. Roth. That is correct.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Correct.    Mr. Roth. Yes, sir.    Mr. Roth. Yes, sir.    Mr. Roth. Well, for us it was actually, the actual task of running it, and actually NCTC did it for us, the legal authorization for it took some time. We had to get a memorandum of understanding between TSA and NCTC to do it.    It took about 18 months to get all the legal authorizations that we needed to do it because of the requirements of the Data Matching Act. So legally and bureaucratically it was a huge lift. But then actually to do the match was quite easy.    Mr. Roth. Yes. The size of the data is not that large. So it was not that big of a task to match one set of data against the other set of data.    Mr. Roth. Yes, sir.    Mr. Roth. With regard to immigration status?    Miss Rice. Yes. Yes. So how did that happen? If you can do it quickly because I have a couple other questions.    Mr. Roth. Yes. That is precisely my question: How could this happen? I mean, the airports are legally responsible for ensuring immigration status, that these folks have lawful authority to work. They do that. By the time they send it to TSA, they are basically certifying that----    Miss Rice. They being who? Who sends that information?    Mr. Roth. Sorry. The airport operators.    Miss Rice. The airport operators send the background information to TSA?    Mr. Roth. With the certification that these folks, in fact, are legally entitled to work.    Miss Rice. So this is a deficiency on the part of the airport operator not doing----    Mr. Roth. Correct. Then what TSA does is they take that information, they bounce it off of CIS records. That is where we found the discrepancy.    Miss Rice. Okay. So it is clear, I think, from what we are hearing here today that post, you know, 9/11, 14 years post-9/11, we still have Federal agencies and some private operators who are siloing relevant information in a way that could lead to a catastrophe. How do we fix that, Mr. Roth?    Mr. Roth. Well, certainly the airports themselves under law have the obligation to certify whether or not someone meets the criminal history check. In other words, they are void of any disqualifying criminal offenses.    That is 450 airports across the country. TSA is obligated to do a quality check on that. Unfortunately, because these aren't electronic records, they have to do a manual review. So if they do an airport inspection, they might do a manual review of, in the larger airports, only about 1 percent of the applications to determine whether or not the airport workers who have these SIDA badges, in fact, have disqualifying criminal offenses.    Miss Rice. Mr. Roth, I have got to tell you, I think that is one of the most disturbing things that I have heard here, that airport operators are not doing their due diligence to ensure that people that they are sending to you to get the stamp of approval, they are not giving you the relevant information that you need.    Mr. Roth. I share your concern. It is especially concerning given the fact that, you know, there are no layers of security. Once you have a SIDA badge, that means you have unescorted access to anywhere in the airport. You can load baggage. You can have access to the aircraft. You can do basically anything unescorted. That, obviously, is concerning if we don't have a better understanding of who these airport workers are.    Miss Rice. Well, certainly the airport operators have to assume an enormous amount of accountability and responsibility. We have to figure out a better way to check to make sure that the information that they are giving to the TSA is correct.    Thank you, Mr. Roth and Ms. Fitzmaurice, and Ms. Grover. I yield back my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Roth. Somewhat. It is a little more complicated than that from our point of view. There are a number of codes that we are talking about----    Mr. Roth. Of codes or sort-of categories of individuals or names in the large TIDE database. Now, some of those are, in fact, known or suspected terrorists that TSA does not have access to. Then there are others that are out there that are simply in the large TIDE database that really aren't used for watchlisting purpose, although TSA would like them to be noted for watchlisting purposes.    So there is really two categories of information. Some that is already sort-of vetted information, for example, there are several of these categories that other components within DHS gets but TSA doesn't get.    Mr. Roth. It is difficult to describe in on open setting. But we can certainly explain it later on if you would wish.    Mr. Roth. We have done reports on access badges in general, control over access badges. This is the first time, though, that we have done sort-of a data run comparing the SIDA badges to the terrorist databases.    Mr. Roth. We don't have any information as to the process that TSA used once we gave them those names in November of last year. I would say that the more information that you have, the better decisions that you make. So whether or not these 73 individuals, in fact, did not pose a threat to terrorism doesn't mean that the system is working perfectly.    Mr. Roth. Certainly. Thank you for that opportunity. When we talk about generally effective, what we are talking about is the operation that the vetting unit does within TSA. You know, they are only as good as the information that they get. So they do a very significant job, for example, they have over 2.2 million recurring vetting hits that they have to process every year. That is about 6,000 per day.    Additionally, they have to actually manually review 24,000 records a year, so that is 2,000 records a month, 500 records a week, to, you know, look at potential hits off the Terrorist Screening Database, to see whether or not these, in fact, are the individuals who are listed on the database itself.    So, I mean, they do a good job with the information that they have. But, again, what we had said is that we uncovered a vulnerability which is they didn't have all the information they needed to do their job.    Mr. Roth. That is the nature of the threat that TSA faces. It is an asymmetric threat, that all it takes is one. They have to be right every single time.    Mr. Roth. I think it makes their job more difficult. One of the things with regard, for example, the Social Security numbers, that is probably the best identifier you can use as far as an individual to being able to match an applicant off of the database. Unfortunately, the Privacy Act, which has some exemptions, does not exempt TSA from requiring SIDA badge applicants to have a Social Security number. That is something that I think would be a useful thing to have.    Mr. Roth. Yes, sir.    Mr. Roth. It may very well be. My suggestion would be to allow TSA to deal with ODNI, the Office of National Intelligence, and determine whether or not they will be able to have access to this information. If not, it may require a change in the law.    I will say that I share your concerns that information sharing is critical, particularly in this area. Even if there is information that is contained within the TIDE database that is unsubstantiated, it is still useful for individuals doing a manual review of somebody who is going to have unfettered access to secure areas in the airport.    What is very troubling, both about this sort of TIDE database as well as criminal history checks, is that TSA is being treated, for all intents and purposes, as if they were a Wal-Mart, that an individual holding a SIDA badge for recurring criminal history checks, stands in line with Wal-Mart to determine whether or not there will be a criminal history check.    Mr. Roth. That is correct.    Mr. Roth. That is the difficulty of it, and that is why TSA is providing this Rap Back Program, a pilot program that they are going to start at the end of this year, to try to attempt to get recurrent vetting. It is a new program that the FBI has started. But as far as the current conditions, that is a vulnerability.    Mr. Roth. You raise a good point. We haven't actually done any work on that, but it is certainly something that we would be willing to consider, which is irrespective of whether TSA follows up and actually finds out, for example, whether the airport officials are doing the criminal history checks that they need to do, when they find noncompliance, what do they do about it? Unfortunately, I don't have the answer to that question, but you raise a very good question and----    Mr. Roth. That is correct. What we had found was, in fact, say you were authorized to work for 18 months, you would get a security badge that would not turn off at the termination of your authority to work.    Mr. Roth. Who do not have authorization to work, yes. We identified that as a vulnerability.    Mr. Roth. I am sorry. I missed the question.    Mr. Roth. We do not, no. That----    Mr. Roth. That is correct. We did a scrub of the data and found a number of areas in which they don't have either their alien registration number, if that is appropriate, their passport number, if that is appropriate, or their Social Security number.