    Mr. Merloe. Thank you, Chairman Donovan and Ranking Member Bass. I'd like to also thank Chairman Smith for his opening remarks which demonstrate the leadership of this subcommittee in expressing the concerns of the American people for the development of democracy and honest elections in Africa.    Our time is short so I'd like to start with one thing that illustrates the points that I would like to make today. Two weeks ago I was the fortunate party to an exchange between former President Obasanjo of Nigeria and Mr. Kofi Annan, and I could summarize it more or less as follows.    It's not so much that poor elections give a bad name to democracy as it is that political violence and undemocratic practices give elections a bad name.    That quip encapsulates two of the most fundamental things about elections as far as I can see. The first is it captures the essence of elections--the two purposes that are interrelated--that they should resolve peacefully the competition for governmental office and political power. And, they should provide the citizens with the avenue, the vehicle, through which they express their will about who is going to have the authority to legitimately occupy governmental offices.    These are not easy things, particularly in countries that have less than a longstanding democratic history and that have a proclivity among the political competitors toward using political violence to achieve their goals.    We see that too often in Africa and around the world. Elections that are democratic really establish public confidence, and they also reduce and mitigate the potentials for political conflict. In that respect they help the realization of political rights of sovereign people.    They also are important for international peace and security, and both of these are vital to the interests of the American people and people around the world, which is why today's hearing I think is so important to public concern.    The second point that that quip illustrates is that elections are all about context. As you know, elections really are a barometer of the political climate in a given country as is illustrated even in our own circumstance.    Elections are multi-dimensional reflections of social and political dynamics within a country, and in that sense electoral assistance should help to infuse democratic political culture.    Three principals in electoral assistance are very important then to encapsulate. The first is inclusiveness. Political systems and electoral processes should help to guarantee universal and equal suffrage. They also should move political systems beyond winner take all politics and give the opposition, the losers, a stake in sustaining and building effective governance.    The second principle is transparency. People have a right to general elections. They also have a right to know that their elections are genuine, and that requires that there be access to key political processes, key electoral processes and the data which are generated by them, so that they can independently verify for themselves the integrity of elections.    And the third principal is accountability. There has to be, to be credible, accountability in election administration, in political competition and also in the electoral justice system so that the competitors who have a grievance have a reason to turn to peaceful redress rather than to actions that might lead to violence.    These principles reinforce the potentials for sustained and positive democratic progress. They should be signposts for our engagements. Strengthening them should be a means of evaluating our success.    In my written statement I mention three countries that illustrate how these principles have been integrated into electoral assistance in recent years.    In particular, Kenya, Cote d'Ivoire, and Nigeria stand out. There are many others but they are worthy of consideration. I won't mention details here, but I will be happy to go into during questions.    They each give positive examples of where U.S. support was complemented by assistance from other nations from the EU, the U.N. and others, and as my colleague from IFES mentioned, they each illustrate early targeted engagement, and they each illustrate that follow-up made a big difference.    Mr. Chairman, not all countries receive adequate funding to address the needed and pressing causes around elections. Democracy and governance funding has faced several years of cutbacks, as you well know--particularly in Africa which was reduced by more than 40 percent last year.    Those cuts have impacted the ability to respond to requests to monitor elections, to help develop civil society and political parties and to strengthen the fragile parliaments in those countries.    Hopefully, these cuts can be restored in Fiscal Year 2016 and beyond as Congress has sought to do through the omnibus appropriations bill.    Citizens across the world have been putting themselves on the line, demanding honest elections and responsible and responsive governance. They have been asking for our assistance which demonstrates that democracy is coming--the demand for it is coming--from within. It's not being imposed.    A number of cost-effective means of engagements have proven to be effective in promoting credible peaceful elections in Africa. In my written statement I identify 10 of those, and let me please highlight three this afternoon.    The first is supporting indigenous efforts to remove barriers to political participation of women, including young women, young men and disabled people and other populations.    Second is building cohorts of citizen election monitoring experts who can move across borders and through the regions, helping each other, building the impartiality and the systematic nature of election monitoring.    As was mentioned by our colleagues from USAID, parallel vote tabulations--that is, an independent verification using statistical methods of election day processes and the vote count--have been critical in reducing tensions around elections--the potential for violence, and in building public confidence in elections. That's one illustration.    But, of course, the voter registry in other areas are growingly important to verify as well.    The third is to advance principles and standards through networks of the EMBs, election monitoring organizations, political parties and others, including through open electoral data and other principles that reinforce the integrity of elections.    Constitutional issues that have been mentioned concerning the term limits, the dispersing of powers among branches of government also are important to give people stakes and to be inclusive in governance.    All of these issues are related to circumstances where power is abused, where decks are stacked, where corruption subverts government's ability to improve citizens' lives, and these turn citizens away from government toward apathy, toward authoritarianism and toward extremism.    It's therefore, in conclusion, in our common interest, to help homegrown efforts to address electoral integrity.    Mr. Chairman, among the numerous elections in Africa that are on the horizon, I would highlight five that merit further consideration perhaps in questions.    Zambia and Ghana, which have been mentioned. I'm departing on Friday for Zambia. I'm going later in the month with Mr. Kofi Annan to Ghana because of his concerns around developments in that country. Cote d'Ivoire and Kenya, where we have invested so much, where electoral violence has cost the people so much, and where these investments really can be threatened--particularly in Kenya with the crisis that's been developing.    And of course, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where in a sense a perfect political storm has been brewing, as been mentioned by my colleagues earlier.    In all of these countries, developing democratic political processes is key to achieving credible peaceful elections, and engagements that promote inclusiveness, transparency and accountability must be tailored to their context. Those principles are central for successful democracy support strategies in Africa.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Merloe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The answer is both no and yes. In one sense, there's not enough progress being made. There's no question about that, and that would be the answer practically in 95 percent of the countries around the world where we were discussing this topic.    The answer is yes in this sense. There is a mobilization and the waking of people around the world including women, including young women when we talk about youth, to step forward and take their place in public affairs. That's happening in every country around the world. And donors and people like ourselves who are not donors but who are activists who choose to leave our own countries and go across borders and join hands in association with our friends or reformers have recognized this as well.    So there are places. There are many places. The African Union, for example--Ranking Member Bass, you asked about the AU--the African Union's political division is headed by a group of people including women who recognize the importance of expanding the franchise of women and youth both as participants in the process and as candidates and as political leaders.    NDI, just speaking for my own organization, has a memorandum of understanding with the AU to work on youth participation across the continent. We have money from USAID in certain countries to work in training women political candidates. Kenya was mentioned by the USAID representative.    We have civil society activities where we do this. Certainly, with the millions of citizens who have come forward to monitor the integrity of their own elections, something that we don't see so much in the United States but elsewhere in the world, it takes place. These are young people and women who are represented in proportion to the population.    So there are things that are happening that are very encouraging. I think the awareness among organizations on the ground--homegrown organizations and international organizations--is also increasing. Donors and others are getting with it.    Mr. Merloe. Thank you, Representative Bass. Yes, the first I think it comes from a question of understanding. As Rushdi pointed out, elections are not an event. We all agree.    Mr. Merloe. When you look at elections as a cycle and you start with the pre-elections and all the things that happen post-elections--they connect up.    But what I think we're really saying is that elections are not even two-dimensional. They really go into the political fabric and culture of a country.    So if you want to help people who have been marginalized become part of a process it's an ongoing activity that has a lot of dimensions and takes a lot of time.    Two things that I would just re-emphasize. One is funding is scarce, and so when USAID or State Department's DRL are looking at these things, they're husbanding their resources and trying to decide what to do. They hedge their bets in part because of that.    But they also, I think, see this problem of understanding elections as being something that really is a political dynamic; it's part of building democracy--it's not just part of casting ballots.    Limiting that understanding takes away from the opportunities, and that diminishes the effectiveness of the kinds of programming that are done, which need to be around the calendar and need to be over a large arc of time.    The second thing is elections are volatile--so attention tends to be directed when volatility goes up. We're talking about Ghana today. We weren't talking about Ghana in November or in October of last year, except the insiders, and that's because volatility has gone up.    But it was very clear at the end of the last election that, first, it was a razor-thin decision. Second, the election commission itself was under attack. Its credibility had been diminished somewhat because of the controversy.    Third, the Supreme Court--and the commission and the court are the two interlocutors in the circumstance--the decision of the court took a very long time, which stretched out the volatility and the tensions in the country.    As a consequence, there's a new commission. The new commission doesn't have the history of the last commission. Public confidence has been shown in all of the opinion polls in that body and in the courts, which were very high, now to have diminished a lot.    The resources are up and the stakes are higher because of the age of the people who are contesting and a number of other factors. It's not hard to figure out that Ghana needed attention 6 months ago. There's 6 months to go.    We now are talking about doing this, and a lot of people are reacting. I mean, I do want to give credit where credit is due. A lot of people are reacting but it's late in the game. We need to----    Mr. Merloe . Look at these things from a much more strategic and a much more holistic and fulsome view.