    Mr. Turner. The Armed Services Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee meets today in open session to receive testimony on the current status of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, JSF, program. This hearing continues the ongoing oversight activity conducted by the committee on the F-35 programs. The program officially began in 2001. We welcome our distinguished panel of witnesses.    We have Dr. Michael Gilmore, Director of Operational Test and Evaluation ; Dr. Michael J. Sullivan, Director of Acquisition and Sourcing, Government Accountability Office ; the Honorable Sean Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition; Lieutenant General Christopher C. Bogdan, F-35 Program Executive Officer.    I thank all of you for your service and look forward to your testimony today.    The F-35 is a complex program. It is well known that, during its development, the F-35 program has experienced significant cost, schedule, and performance problems. Current acquisition costs are now approaching $400 billion, which, according to GAO, makes this DOD's most costly and ambitious acquisition program.    Over the last year, steady progress was achieved in development, production, and operations, but the subcommittee continues to have concerns regarding recent engine test failures and on software development and integration.    This committee, in particular this subcommittee, has maintained vigilant oversight on the F-35 program through legislation, hearings, and briefings, and, most recently, a trip to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, to see the F-35 operations and talk to F-35 pilots and maintenance personnel.    Last year the committee required the Secretary of Defense to establish an independent team to review and assess the development of software and software integration for the F-35 program. This subcommittee may recommend a similar approach as a way to effectively review the most recent engine test failures.    I understand the substantial investment in the F-35 is more about the requirement for fifth-generation tactical fighter capability than it is about the F-35 itself. And let me underscore that. All of the members of this subcommittee are very well aware of the need for fifth-generation tactical fighter capability and the need to ensure that the F-35 is one of the most capable aircraft.    Based on the briefings and hearings held by the subcommittee, I have learned that fifth-generation tactical fighter capability is essential for maintaining air dominance and national security. Despite this critical need, that does not mean that this program should be rubber-stamped. As we have done in the past, the committee will hold this program accountable for cost, schedule, and performance.    The budget request for fiscal year 2016 includes $1.8 billion for F-35 research, development, test, and evaluation and $8.7 billion for the procurement of 57 F-35s, and $410.2 million for spares. This represents an increase of 19 aircraft and is also a $2.5 billion increase in F-35 funding from the fiscal year 2015 enacted levels.    And we all understand that we need to get to a higher production level to get the lower per-unit cost. We also understand that we have to address the issues operationally for the F-35 to ensure its best capability for the pilots and its intended needs.    We will hear today both the Director of the Operational Test and Evaluation and the GAO have concerns about the F-35 program for fiscal year 2016 and beyond. I look forward to all of our witnesses' testimony today, which will provide for a better understanding of the current status of the F-35 program.    Mr. Turner. Before we begin, I would like to turn to my good friend and colleague from California, Ms. Loretta Sanchez, for any comments that she might want to make.    Mr. Turner. We will begin with Dr. Gilmore, being followed by Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Stackley, and General Bogdan.    Mr. Gilmore.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Sullivan, who hails from the great and historic Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    Mr. Secretary.    Mr. Turner. General Bogdan.    General Bogdan. Chairman Turner, distinguished members of the committee, thank you for the opportunity to address you and to discuss the F-35 Lightning II program.    My overall assessment of this very complex program is that we are making slow, but steady, progress on all fronts and each day the program is improving. However, this is not to say that we don't have risks, challenges, and some difficulties, but I am confident we will be able to overcome these problems and deliver on our commitments.    Today, in development, we've completed our Block 2 software development and are nearing completion of all flight testing necessary to field our initial warfighting capability, also known as Block 2B, which is on track to support the Marine Corps IOC this summer.    Additionally, we are currently in full-swing testing of our Block 3i software, which is on track to support Air Force IOC in the summer of 2016, and we have just begun flight testing our final version of software known as Block 3F, which will provide the full combat capability of the F-35 in late 2017 and support the U.S. Navy's IOC in 2018.    However, because we have been using our labs and test aircraft to complete both 2B and 3i testing for longer than we anticipated, flight testing of Block 3 was delayed. This delay, along with the complexity of the 3F software integration, has resulted in an additional risk of approximately 4 to 6 months for the completion of that 3F software. We are working hard to bring this potential schedule delay back in on time, and we do not believe it will impact the Navy's IOC in 2018.    We have had numerous accomplishments in 2014 in flight testing, most notably the F-35C initial sea trials aboard the USS Nimitz, a large-deck carrier. Our performance on the Nimitz in terms of carrier landings was excellent in that we completed 124 traps out of 124 attempts without a single missed landing and we completed all the planned testing on that ship with about 3 days to spare.    Additionally, we have closed and are implementing fixes for a number of past technical issues, including improvements in the helmet, the hook on our C model, our fuel dump capability, our fusion software, lightning restrictions, and night and all-weather flying.    However, this past year presented other challenges that included an engine failure on AF-27 at Eglin Air Force Base and the discovery of cracks in the main bulkheads of the B model during our durability testing. We are also carefully monitoring the development of our maintenance system, known as ALIS , as it remains on the critical path for U.S. Marine Corps IOC, Air Force IOC, and our Block 3F capabilities.    I am prepared to provide details of these events and the impact they have had on the program or may have on the program during the Q&A period.    As for production in 2014, we planned to deliver 36 aircraft and we delivered 36 aircraft to our warfighters. We have now delivered a total of 130 aircraft to our operational test and training sites. The production line today is running approximately 2 months behind, but it is catching up over the past year and does not pose any long-term schedule or delivery risk to the program.    The price of the F-35s continue to decline steadily lot over lot, just as we have committed to, and I expect such reductions to continue long into the future.    Let me turn to fielding the sustainment of our fleet. As of this week, we have logged over 30,000 flight hours and flown over 18,000 sorties since our first flights in 2006. Today 130 F-35s are operating at 9 different U.S. locations. In the next 4 years, we will add 322 airplanes and over 17 new bases, including operational locations in Europe and the Pacific.    Over the past year and a half, we have put a great deal of emphasis on maintenance and sustainment activities. We started a reliability and maintainability program last year, and the effort is beginning to make a positive difference, as we have seen a steady, but slow, improvement in our aircraft availability rates and our mission-capable rates.    We also started a number of initiatives to address our spares issues, including better forecasting, more timely purchasing and contracting, and shortening repair cycles on our parts, all of which resulted in modest improvements thus far, but it will take at least another 6 to 12 months to fully recover from our spares deficit.    We also began a number of other important initiatives late in 2013 and 2014 to include our ops and sustainment Cost War Room, the Blueprint for Affordability, as Mr. Stackley mentioned, and a restructuring of the operational test program. I would be happy to discuss these initiatives in the Q&A session, also.    On the international front, the partnership remains strong and some of our partners are now flying their own jets in training and operational test sites in the United States, while others are eagerly anticipating their first jets in the next two lots of airplanes.    Additionally, last year South Korea signed a letter of acceptance and committed to buying 40 jets and Israel committed to an additional 14 jets on top of the 19 they are already purchasing.    I would like to close by saying that the program is showing steady improvements as costs continue to come down, technical issues are being resolved, and the baseline schedule is mainly holding. I believe the program is on the right track, and we will continue to deliver on our commitments we have made to warfighters, the taxpayers, and our allies. My team will continue to run this program with integrity, discipline, and transparency, and I intend to hold myself and my team accountable for the outcomes on this program.    Mr. Chairman, I look forward to the Q&A period.    Mr. Turner. Thank you, General.    Secretary Stackley, General Bogdan, a group of us went down to Eglin Air Force Base 2 weeks ago or so and sat down with both the pilots, the maintainers, the command, to discuss the F-35. And, as you know from my opening statement and that of the ranking member, you have full and complete support from this subcommittee and the committee on fifth-gen development.    We certainly understand some of the difficulty overall with concurrency. And, you know, it is a vogue word to mean inventiveness. Right? I mean, at the same time that we are building, we are inventing and we are trying to have a fluid process so we don't end up with a product that is stale but, at the same time, we end up with a product and we don't merely get stuck in the inventive process.    How those two converge is where Mr. Gilmore and Mr. Sullivan continue to provide us with fidelity as to how problems result. And the issues that we see in both their reports are obviously when a problem is identified, how quickly is it resolved; when a problem is identified, what is its effect on cost; when a problem is identified, how does it relate to our foreign partners and the delays, as we know, because we have to get to a ramp-up so that our overall product costs go down on a per-unit basis.    Our trip was not in questioning the overall fifth-generation commitment or capability, but to talk to those who were on the ground to get some understanding of their perspective. Some of the things that we learned were disturbing and concerning. As you know, they are down there both actively flying, actively maintaining, actively training, and then being what will be the footprint later as the F-35 is expanded elsewhere.    But one of the issues I want to talk to you about and I want to get your feedback is the Autonomic Logistics Information System, ALIS. So we had a treat. We got to sit down and watch someone actually go through the web pages of the system--and I am slowing down for effect because that is what we got to see as they got to it--and the cumbersomeness of the difficulty of going from page to page in trying to be able to enter information.    Now, the ALIS system--real quick overview--is basically the system that you plug the plane in and it is supposed to tell you what is wrong with the plane and what is not wrong with the plane. It is supposed to aid maintenance. It is supposed to give a download for logistics for acquisition of parts. It is supposed to do an overall assessment of the readiness and capability of the plane.    But we are also told it has an 80 percent false positive. They went through the process. They were telling us the purpose of the system. It sounds absolutely wonderful. Certainly I think everybody who has a Cadillac understands, you know, a system that tells you what is going on with your car, what is going on with your plane.    When we asked them how many false positives you get, I thought that they were going to tell us a high number because it is still a new system. But when they said 80, I was kind of taken aback. But then, when they showed us how difficult it was to clear 80 because of the cumbersomeness of the system, I was curious as to who is assigned to clean this up.    But what we probably have with false positives, as you know, is, one, either people get complacent and believe things are false positives and they get overly cleared or, two, we also don't know what false negatives we have and was the system not reporting.    So I would like both of you to tell us: Is what we are hearing consistent with what you are hearing? If so, what is the path forward in fixing the system and how does it represent an operational issue or impediment overall to the F-35?    Mr. Turner. One footnote and then I am going to do a follow-on on A-L-I-S or ``ALIS,'' as you were saying.    I was also shocked that there is no spell check. So while the gentleman was there typing something in, there was no indication that something was misspelled, but he had to catch it and he had to go back and fix it.    My concern is not an academic one. My concern was--because human error is human error--it is not searchable if someone makes a typographical error. If the system is supposed to be searchable, we have got to determine what is recurring in the system. So certainly that should probably be an addition to it.    But the other aspect was, as I was describing it, the downstream aspect of A-L-I-S or ``ALIS'' issuing a report for a part. They are very concerned about that whole system, both with the prime contractor's scale of control, the availability of those parts, the reporting back of the availability of those parts.    If there is no inventory on site, they are very concerned of the ability of their planes to continue to be able to operate and how the system itself--because it is assuming that they are not going to be able to fix it on hand and it is going to report a problem and then result in a part being delivered, that that just-in-time aspect may be a constraint on overall operation capability.    Do you have concerns there, also? General Bogdan, you are nodding.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    I am then going to Timothy Walz.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    Mr. Wenstrup.    Mr. Turner. I am sorry to interject here, General Bogdan. I just want to make certain you are not confused, although I think I may be.    When they say 80 percent false positives, they mean, out of 100 items where it says there is something wrong with the plane, 80 of them are nothing is wrong with the plane, but they are given a notice that something is wrong and then they have to deal with that notice----    General Bogdan. Correct. Correct    Mr. Turner. By the way, Secretary Stackley cringed when you----    General Bogdan. No. You got that right, but here is what I am trying to say.    The other important question that they should have told you was each airplane, when it lands, only has about four or five health reporting codes a sortie.    Mr. Turner. We saw the list. I mean, the point here being that, if something is telling you 80 percent of the time wrong information, it is suspect. Right?    General Bogdan. Yes, sir. And I am going to go check that 80 percent number and get back to you. And it is a problem. We know it is a problem, and we have to address it.    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    With that, Ms. Duckworth.    Mr. Turner. Ms. McSally.    Mr. Turner. Turning to Joe Wilson.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Knight.    Mr. Turner. Ms. Graham.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Jones.    Mr. Turner. Mr. Walz.    Mr. Turner. Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you for your attention to this very important program. We know that you all have important responsibilities. And thank you for continuing to keep this committee informed as we look to trying to assist in the overall process.    With that, we will be adjourned.