    Mr. Kontorovich. Madam Chairwoman, Ranking Member Deutch, honorable members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to testify. In my testimony today, I am going to focus on three issues: Why the Palestinian Authority's effort to join the International Criminal Court is dangerous, not just for Israel but equally for the United States; why the Court is likely to be biased toward Israel; and, finally, remedial options under United States law.    The Palestinian campaign in the ICC threatens not just Israel but U.S. diplomatic and security interests as well. Crucially, America like Israel, is not a member state of the International Criminal Court and has chosen to not subject itself to the court's jurisdiction. Thus America and Israel find themselves in the same boat in terms of wanting to avoid precedents that would allow other entities to forcibly subject them to ICC process.    There are five dangerous precedents that this could set. First of all, the Palestinians are seeking to establish a precedent where a majority vote of the General Assembly is all it takes to secure jurisdiction over a non-member state. That is an extremely dangerous precedent for the United States. The United States in creating the United Nations chose not to give any binding powers to the General Assembly, but rather to screen all of those through the Security Council. The notion that a simple majority vote of the General Assembly could create jurisdiction over the U.S. servicemen is a very dangerous one. One could imagine Boko Haram or ISIS petitioning the General Assembly and, on a good day, getting a majority vote to exercise jurisdiction over U.S. troops.    All of the particular legal issues that the Palestinians are seeking to establish and need to win on at the ICC are ones that would be very dangerous for the United States. I would like to remind the subcommittee that the United States is currently subject to a preliminary investigation about the role of U.S. troops in the treatment of detainees in Afghanistan. It has been thought there are some major principles that insulate Western democracies like the United States, the notions of complementarity and gravity.    Complementarity means that if a country conducts its own investigations or has a well-functioning legal system that investigates its troops, it does not have to worry about the ICC stepping in. Now the question is what level of abstraction you apply complementarity on. So while the United States is a well-functioning democracy, if it chooses not to investigate every particular incident, if it chooses not to investigate the roles of senior civilian leaders in alleged incidents, and the ICC chooses to step in, this would be something the United States would be very uncomfortable with. Yet nonetheless, that is exactly what the Palestinians are trying to establish vis-aa-vis Israel. Israel also has a well-functioning criminal justice system. If the ICC is to take any steps forward, it would require defining complementarity at such a low level that the United States also would not be insulated by this principle.    Then there is the principle of gravity, that the ICC is reserved for the worst of the worst international crimes, mass atrocities, which its charter refers to. As a result, isolated or lower level crimes, the ICC can't deal with because in a world of millions killed in conflicts around the world, obviously the ICC can't deal with everything and needs to prioritize. The United States and other Western democracies have been shielded by this principle. This would be a principle that prevents an ICC investigation of alleged abuses in Afghanistan.    Mr. Kontorovich. The Palestinians at the ICC wish to establish a precedent that the mere building and buying of homes in eastern Jerusalem is a mass atrocity. If gravity is defined at such a level, any actions by U.S. forces would certainly meet that standard, and all of the limiting principles of ICC jurisdiction that had been promised to Western states as things that would insulate them would be defined essentially out of the ICC charter.    Finally, I need to mention the Monetary Gold principle. The monetary gold principle is a principle of international law that an International Court cannot decide the rights or privileges or duties of a country that has not accepted jurisdiction. The Palestinians are seeking to essentially draw Israel's borders through the International Court. Even the International Court of Justice, which is actually in the business of border disputes, can only do so with the consent of all the involved countries. The precedent that an International Court can decide on national borders and any other issue without the consent of the countries involved would threaten the United States extraordinarily, especially as a country that has opted out of the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court.    Naturally, this would also hurt American diplomacy, as the Palestinian effort violates key provisions of the Oslo Accords and represents a wholesale repudiation of the principles not just of the Oslo Accords but also the Bush Letter, which was endorsed by Congress, not to mention Security Council Resolution 242, the League of Nations Mandate, and pretty much every diplomatic instrument in the conflict, which all call for negotiations and negotiated border resolutions.    Why is the ICC likely to be biased against Israel? Well, because the prosecutor has effectively abrogated her independence and become a spokesperson of the General Assembly. The prosecutor's recent decisions about Gaza being occupied territory and Palestine being a state, which also happened to be mutually contradictory, were adopted by simply repeating United Nations' resolutions, thus becoming an organ of a political body.    Mr. Kontorovich. So the Palestinians submitted instruments of accession to the Rome Statute, joining the Rome Statute, which is purely prospective. They also submitted with that a 12(3) declaration. A 12(3) declaration is a mechanism to give the court retroactive jurisdiction going back over particular incidents, and they did this back to the Gaza war, after the three boys were kidnapped and killed.    When a country joins the ICC, any country can demand, can refer a situation to the prosecutor. It doesn't have to be one of the countries involved. Any other member country can do so. Now only the prosecutor actually does the investigations, but the process of kicking that off begins with, for example, countries referring such a situation.    In the case of the 12(3) declaration, the 12(3) declaration does not require any subsequent follow up or referral by countries. So it does seem that, within the meaning of the existing legislation, the 12(3) declaration, which has resulted in the initial preliminary examination, is the thing that initiated the process.    Now, the current legislation, existing legislation, speaks of the Palestinians initiating a judicially authorized investigation. So there is two parts of that to parse, initiating and judicially authorized. Now clearly the steps they have taken can count as initiating. Obviously, the Palestinians themselves don't work at the ICC, so they can't be the ones to actually sign off on the investigation, and if it actually means opening an investigation at the ICC, it would be reading the legislation to be meaningless if it would require the Palestinians doing that, since they can't do that because they are not part of the ICC.    The question of a judicially authorized investigation is a separate question because after the prosecutor completes her preliminary examination, which involves questions like jurisdiction, just a very basic question--is there anything to think about here--she can then go to the Pre-Trial Chamber, a body of the ICC, and ask them for authorization to open an investigation. The statute could be read to say that is what actually triggers the aid cutoff because that is what a judicially authorized investigation is. But it has already been initiated. It is consistent with the intent of the legislation to say that the first step of this process is what is going to initiate it, and that step has, indeed, been taken.    However, there are other steps that can be taken about funding under existing legislation, if I may briefly add. Existing statutes provide no funds authorized to be appropriated under this or any act shall be available for the United Nations or any specialized agency which accords the PLO the same standing as member states. Now it is important to point out that this statute, unlike other ones, does not speak of membership. It doesn't say if the U.N. gives membership to the PLO or to the Palestinians, rather if it gives them standing otherwise enjoyed by member states.    Mr. Kontorovich. Yeah, I want to add to that.    Mr. Kontorovich. So it seems at first a mystery why the Palestinians, who use rocket attacks on civilian cities as a primary strategy in war, why they would wish to avail themselves of the ICC. And some people who are optimists say, well, this is a wonderful salutary development because it shows the Palestinians want to open themselves up to accountability and international justice.    But it is important to understand what the ICC can do and has done. Its track record shows that it is incapable of rendering impartial justice in an ongoing, bilateral conflict. It is not some well-established Olympian seat of judgment; rather, it is a weak, conflicted, and floundering institution beset by all sorts of problems.    The last two times they tried to go after an incumbent regime that did not want to be prosecuted--and this was just in the past few months--the prosecution of the President of Kenya and the President of Sudan, both of those cases collapsed due to the noncooperation of those countries. And in particular, in the Kenyatta case, the cooperation was subtle and there have been no sanctions against Kenya for this. And, basically, the Kenya proceedings have proven to be a playbook--and many international commentators have said this--for countries who wish to not cooperate with ICC jurisdiction.    Now, in the Kenya case, what they did was intimidate witnesses. Now, in Gaza, the witnesses are pre-intimidated, right. In a place where you shoot 20 collaborators in a day, nobody is going to go and point out to ICC investigators where the Hamas rocket launches were. So they can really win both ways. They have the appearance of accepting international responsibility while in practice, de facto, having impunity.    Mr. Kontorovich. Let me address the existing mechanisms. Indeed, there are mechanisms to pressure the ICC. Now, much of the direct pressure is limited because already we have so little cooperation, but it is important to identify the real bad guy here. According to the ICC prosecutor, she is not the one who decided unilaterally that the Palestinians are a state. Rather, she says it is the United Nations who decided that the Palestinians are a state. And in her statement, she said she is completely bound by the decision of the General Assembly.    Now, under existing law, any agency of the United Nations which gives the Palestinians the same standing as a member state must have its funding cut off immediately. Now, standing is something short of membership. So it doesn't mean membership; it means things other than membership. If it turns out that the vote of the General Assembly gives the Palestinians the opportunity to automatically join the ICC without any inquiry, substantive inquiry into whether they actually are a state, that is something only reserved otherwise so far for U.N. member states.    That means, quite astonishingly, and it is a big thing, that the U.N. itself or the General Assembly could face an aid cutoff. Now, of course, that is not something one should do immediately. Rather, one should seek clarification from the General Assembly: Did they, in fact, in this vote intend to create automatic ICC standing for the Palestinians with, of course, the explanation and the full disclosure that if their answer is yes, that would trigger consequences under U.S. law?    It is likely that the representatives of the United Nations would respond, No, we did not have any such intention. We were simply voting an internal symbolic thing, internal to the General Assembly that has no consequence--which is true, and that is actually correct--that has no consequences beyond the General Assembly. And that is right, but it is important to get them on record as saying that, firstly, because if the ICC prosecutor is right then we have to cut funding to the United Nations. If the ICC prosecutor is wrong, then she has to dismiss the investigation involving Israel.    Mr. Kontorovich. It is definitely well short of charges. Charges are at the conclusion of a judicial investigation. So the statute is, unfortunately, a bit ambiguous. It could be the opening of an investigation, which is the next step but before the step of charges, or it could be the current step of a 12(3) referral, which automatically launches a preliminary inquiry.    Now, the language is ambiguous. It is consistent, I think, with the clear intent of the legislation for the funding to be--for the trigger to be the 12(3) declaration, which triggers the preliminary investigation. And so it is really a matter of legislative intent and interpreting ambiguous terms.    Mr. Kontorovich. It is actually phonetic. Kontorovich.    So I just want to briefly shift the emphasis of the inquiry from the money we are giving to the Palestinians, which is a very complicated lever. As you have heard from lots of people on the committee, there is lots of tensions. If you take away the money, maybe the Palestinian authority will collapse. Israel has mixed feelings. I think it is useful to think of other ways of pressuring the Palestinians without messing with their money.    And I would point out briefly, money to Israel could be used in a way which would strongly check the current Palestinian----    Mr. Kontorovich. Again, under current law, might actually give Congress and the United States an extraordinary, surprisingly broad leverage to cut off funding from the United Nations in general. And, obviously, that is a serious action, but in the shadow of that action and the availability of that sanction under existing law gives the United States a lot of power and leverage to demand concrete reforms.    If, for example, the General Assembly has gone beyond its role under the United Nations charter and is creating countries, that counts very powerfully for seriously revisiting funding to the United Nations as a whole.