    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I also want to join you and the other Members in thanking you for holding the hearing, and for giving me an opportunity, as a non-member of this committee, to participate.    Mr. Weiss, I believe that you are a friend of Puerto Rico, and I believe that you want to solve the issue. But we keep making a mistake in this Congress and the Administration, and it does not matter what party is in power, we make the mistake. Whenever we speak of status, we make it sound like status is not the issue, that the time is not right to discuss status. I would argue that status is the problem, and it is always the right time to discuss status.    You, yourself, when asked about status, you kind of glossed over it, and I say this with all due respect and admiration. You said, ``The people of Puerto Rico,'' I think you said, ``have to resolve this. We agree that it has to be done.''    First of all, that is a mistake. The people of Puerto Rico did not invade the United States. The United States invaded the people of Puerto Rico. At the minimum, the U.S. Congress has to tell Puerto Rico what is available on the table for a change in status. It is obvious that the present status is a problem. Why is it a problem?    If there has ever been a need for proof that Puerto Rico is a colony, we just found it. Puerto Rico cannot restructure its debt without permission from the United States. Puerto Rico cannot apply Chapter 9 without being included again. I have heard people who believe in Puerto Rico sovereignty, and even Puerto Rico independence, total independence, say, ``We don't have the tools.'' Those tools are acquired through statehood, independence, or free association.    My question to you is--well, not this part, because this part is my comment. I think that what we are doing now is putting a Band-Aid on a major issue, because 2 years from now, 5 years from now, 10 years from now, the issue will be back again because Puerto Rico does not have the ability to resolve.    I read recently or heard recently, just to give you an example of where Puerto Rico finds itself, Mr. Chairman--I may be wrong, so I will stand corrected ahead of time, but I heard that Puerto Rico was going to buy plantains from the Dominican Republic and was told by the Federal Government it could not do so without its approval. That is how bad it has gotten at times.    I remember once Puerto Rico was going to have a foreign country irrigate some lands, and they were told by the State Department, ``You cannot ask that foreign country to irrigate any land.'' So you know what Puerto Rico is? It is not treated equally. Only in war time is it treated equally.    So, my question to you is--you will be consulted as this bill is put together. You will be more than consulted, not you, but the Treasury Department and you, probably, one of the leaders in it. Would the Treasury Department consider making sure that that bill has language that says, ``But we cannot ignore the fact that the status issue has to be resolved, and resolved once and for all'' ? Or are we going to continue to say that it is up to the people of Puerto Rico, the recipients of colonialism, that have to undo colonialism?    Because I can tell you, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, and I was born in the colony and now oversee the colony, so I probably need a psychiatrist on colonialism to deal with my situation, but I can tell you, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, that all the states get what applies to them, and then whatever is left over--even to get Puerto Rico on the back of a quarter during that program where we had states on the back of a quarter, I had to include special legislation to get Puerto Rico on the back of a quarter. Not a big deal, but it makes the point.    So, my question to you is, can we have the Treasury Department suggest strong language that says, ``But don't forget, you have to resolve the status question'' ?    Mr. Serrano. Reclaiming my 5 seconds, it is a Band-Aid in my opinion, because we will resolve it for today, but we will not resolve it for 5 years from now, and that has to be dealt with at some time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.