    Mr. Chajet. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the Committee.    Mr. Chajet. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and members of the Committee. We appreciate the opportunity to present the views of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on this new OSHA rule impacting silica.    If I may, I would like to start with the concept that this is about sand. Silica, essentially, is sand. One of the things that we do not see in these pictures is the hundreds of trillions of tons of sand that exists all over the world. This rule impacts millions of people, and perhaps millions of employment sites as well.    Sand is an essential, critical element in a variety of consumer products, construction products, national defense products, home builder products. It is extensively used. I think OSHA lists over 30 industry groups, and there are many more that are impacted by this rule. At least two million people work in areas where sand or silica is present, disturbed, or used. This is a massive rule.    That is a little bit of perspective. Much of this product or material is used in truckloads. The amount of silica dust that it would take to exceed the exposure limit is an eye drop in this room. One eye drop in a teaspoon dispersed over the size of this room would essentially exceed the exposure limit. It is an infinitesimal small amount of dust.    In addition, it is not just the fact that we are concerned about silica, we are concerned about respirable silica, tiny, tiny, small particles of silica. Those are the ones that can get into a lung and can cause a significant hazard, no question about that.    One case of silicosis, one fatality, one illness, is one too many, and we have to prevent them. We are preventing them. We have submitted for the record, and I would hope you would allow our statement to be placed in the record, a graph from the Centers for Disease Control. I thought we were going to have a copy of it to show. It demonstrates the success of American industry and OSHA in controlling and reducing silica related disease.    These are data taken from the Health and Human Services' Centers for Disease Control Agency that collects mortality. You will notice that just in our lifetimes, we have reduced successfully the number of cases from silica related disease. We are approaching zero. It is a wonderful public health success story. It is a story that I am proud to have been a part of for my 35 years of occupational safety and health experience, helping companies to understand their obligations and to work to continue this trend.    This was established with the current standards in place. In fact, the current standards, as you stated in your opening, Mr. Chairman, not only do we see OSHA not enforcing them, they have a compliance problem, 30 percent or so or out of compliance, more exposure than the current problem, but a significant portion, perhaps two-thirds of that, is two to three times over exposure.    We have a compliance problem that is not going to be solved by a new set of regulations that took this many pages of the Federal Register to explain, not to mention the thousands of attachments to it. That is going to be an impossibility for any small to medium sized business to comprehend.    We have this regulation, and it is based on a series of fantasies. The very concept of respirable dust is written out of this regulation by a new definition that says it is whatever dust is collected by the sampler. So, we are not even regulating the hazard. We are regulating an inaccurate sampling and analysis method that is the best OSHA could do.    In light of that fantasy, there are additional ones in the assumptions for how you calculate risk here. According to OSHA, there are thousands, if not hundreds of thousands, of people who should be recorded with disease, and they are not there. We do not have a silica epidemic.    There are many problems here with this rule. OSHA needs to refocus on reality. We have not seen a focus on drug and alcohol abuse in the workplace, one of the leading causes of fatalities, and it is impacting our entire workforce and our families. Why not a focus where we need it?    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would be glad to answer questions.    Mr. Chajet. Yes.    Mr. Chajet. It was an informal rulemaking, although the cross examination was cut off.    Mr. Chajet. I have no idea. I personally was standing asking questions, and OSHA short-circuited my ability and stopped me from asking questions.    Mr. Chajet. I have never experienced my cross to be stopped.    Mr. Chajet. Well, this is a hybrid kind of rulemaking, but there is an administrative law judge present, and the administrative law judge in the OSHA world controls the hearing process and procedure. The administrative law judge, I am sure, with OSHA's approval and consent or discussion, cut off cross examination.    It was particularly egregious because the other side, the advocates for the rule, were allowed to question until they were done. The industry side was cut off. That was only one problem.    All of these kinds of rulemakings rely on data, transparency, and truth, and that is what you want, a record that is truthful with transparency.    Mr. Chajet. We did not have that here. We did not have that here.    Mr. Chajet. It is accurate. We had the leading laboratory expert perhaps in the world from Bureau Veritas testifying about the inability to measure. He was responded to by an OSHA staff witness who runs their laboratory who said to him would you believe that we have this secret data that we have not published that proves we can measure at this level, and I sat back and could not believe my ears.    This was not a legitimate rulemaking.    Mr. Chajet. They did. During the hearing--    Mr. Chajet. I am sorry, I did not hear you.    Mr. Chajet. OSHA staff.    Mr. Chajet. Chajet.    Mr. Chajet. Congressman, the agency has really lost its focus on protecting people. I am not sure what they are protecting. The state of respirator science--I do not even call them respirators, they are mini-environments. Some of these devices are very comfortable hard hats that put fresh air over a person's face. It is filtered or it is clean. They are comfortable, and they do not provide any pressure. Others are paper, incredibly high-quality, simple, like painter mask-type respirators.    Again, I am not so sure what you call ``respirators'' other than mini-environments. When we have such effective technology for protecting people, why should we discount it? Why should we not credit an employer who is protecting their employees with this technology?    It is the way of the future, and OSHA is living in the past.