    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    And, Madam Chair, it is such a delight to see you here today.    I just wanted to start by pursuing an answer that you provided to the ranking member about the orderly liquidation facility implementation, and I just want to know about your--the cross-border mechanism for resolution.    Ms. Moore. And right. So that is why I am saying--    Ms. Moore. You just mentioned what is being done. Update us on what is happening with cross-border.    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much, Madam Chair.    Ms. Moore. My time is eroding, and I am satisfied with that answer.    Listen, let me congratulate you or thank you for your excellent speech on perspectives on inequality and opportunity from the Survey on Consumer Finances. The Dow Jones has hit 18,000, and we have had 59 months of private-sector growth, a record for the last 18, 19 years. And then, when I try to give this kind of speech in front of my constituents, they just kind of scratch their head because they are not feeling it.    So when you talked in your testimony about your mission at the Fed to reduce unemployment and--I guess I just wanted you to comment on inequality and what you think that does to our economy.    Ms. Moore. What can the Fed do?    Ms. Moore. Thank you.    Representative Sewell and I wrote you a letter expressing our concern that all municipal bonds were excluded from being highly qualified liquid asset rules under Basel III, but you said you were considering including certain municipal bonds at a later time. Can you tell me where you are at on that?    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much.    I see my colleague, Mr. Ellison, has arrived, and I am running out of time, so he might want to ask some questions about this too. I know you are taking an aggressive stance to deter and punish banks and bank employees that are involved with tax avoidance and money-laundering schemes to fight terrorism, which we are all for, but that does seem to impede on the ability to provide remittances and even the tithes that people are--and we are wondering why you can't surgically--what efforts are you making to surgically cut off these illegitimate activities and to try to continue the remittances because people are starving.