    Mr. Pai. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee, thank you for inviting me to testify. This hearing comes at a critical time. The FCC is making judgments that will shape the communications landscape for years to come. I will start with the broadcast incentive auction. The FCC is empowered to conduct this auction because of your bipartisan efforts. It is therefore disappointing that this proceeding has been run in a partisan manner. Time and again Commissioner Mike O'Rielly and I have offered common sense ideas for improving auction rules and procedures. Often, we receive no response at all. When we do receive a response, it is almost always no.    Fortunately, it isn't too late to change course. Broadcasters, wireless carriers, and unlicensed advocates all agree that the Commission's current band plan is seriously flawed. I stand ready to work with these stakeholders, and my fellow Commissioners, to do what Congress did when it passed the landmark incentive auction legislation: compromise to find a consensus solution.    Here specifically is what we should focus on. The proposed band plan allows for too much variability, and would put too many broadcast stations in the wireless portion of the 600 megahertz band. This will both impair spectrum that will be sold in the forward auction, and cause interference between broadcast and wireless services. In my view, the Commission should try to minimize band plan variability. If broadcast stations must be placed in the wireless portion of the band, they should go in the uplink spectrum, not the downlink, or the duplex gap. And, in order to reach a compromise, we also need to make more information public. Right now, stakeholders and Commissioners alike are essentially being asked to take on faith that, unless we adopt every aspect of the Commission's proposals, the incentive auction will end in an apocalyptic failure. But I prefer the Reagan approach: trust, but verify.    Next, I would like to discuss the FCC's Designated Entity, or DE, Program, which has been plagued with abuse. Even though the program is supposed to help small businesses, large corporations routinely try to game the system. And that is why I was disappointed when the FCC recently voted to make it easier for big companies to profit from the program. We were promised FCC action to close loopholes that could be exploited by slick lawyers. Instead, the Commission re-opened loopholes that it had closed on a bipartisan basis years ago, loopholes through which a minimally competent attorney could drive a truck. Specifically, the FCC paved the way for DEs to obtain a 35 percent discount on auctioned spectrum, and then turn around and immediately lease 100 percent of it to a large incumbent carrier.    Now, at the time we were told that opening up new loopholes in our DE rules was an ``attack on economic inequality'', but this assertion is baffling. So let us be clear, those who will profit from these new DE loopholes are speculators who are already firmly ensconced in the famed one percent. Case in point, under the new rules Donald Trump would be allowed to own most of a DE, get a taxpayer funded discount on spectrum, and then lease all of that spectrum to AT&T or Verizon. So, during the Commission's deliberations, I made simple proposals to prevent this kind of abuse of the DE Program. For example, I proposed that anyone making over $55 million a year should be prohibited from owning a DE and getting taxpayer funded benefits. Unfortunately, the majority rejected this, and other common sense reforms.    Shifting gears, when it comes to broadband, as Congressman Welch pointed out, too many rural areas are being left behind. Specifically, we are failing areas served by small telecommunications carriers. That is because of a quirk of regulatory history. Our rules governing these carriers give universal service support only to companies that offer telephone service, not standalone broadband service. That is why I put forward earlier this month a specific plan for correcting this historical accident. My plan is based on the principles set forth in a May letter by 115 members of the House of Representatives, led by Congressman Kevin Cramer. This group urged the FCC to adopt an immediate, targeted solution to the standalone broadband problem, and to implement a much simpler and straightforward plan for rate of return carriers than was adopted for price-cap carriers.    I humbly submit that is exactly what my plan does. It implements a single page of rule changes to existing universal service regulations to solve the standalone broadband problem. These simple amendments would let rural consumers choose broadband as a standalone service. It would give carriers the assurance they need to increase broadband deployment. And, critically, they would do all of this within the existing budget.    Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, members of the subcommittee, thank you once again for inviting me to testify. I look forward to answering your questions, and continuing to work with you, and your staff, in the time to come.    Mr. Pai. That is my understanding, yes.    Mr. Pai. Mr. Chairman, it is true----    Mr. Pai . Although I do try to walk whenever I can.    Mr. Pai. It is not my walking, but----    Mr. Pai. Thank you, Congresswoman, for the question. I embrace the FCC's charge as given by Congress. In fact, the first charge in the Communications Act is to make available, so far as possible, to all the people in the United States rapid, efficient nationwide communication services. And in the digital age that increasingly, as you know, means broadband. And I believe that not only because I am a son of rural America, whose parents currently live on the opposite side of the digital divide, but I also have seen it as a Commissioner across this country.    A few weeks ago I was in Dillard, Nebraska, population 287, where I visited C and C Processing, a husband and wife owned meat processing plant that, 20 years ago, was literally a two-person operation, and now, thanks to a broadband connection, they export at retail to every state in the country, and around the world. They have exported wholesale to Whole Foods and----    Mr. Pai. Well, what I am saying is that I embrace different policies to make sure that broadband deployment is as wide and as deep as possible. I will leave the semantics for others to debate. I am focused on our job, as enmeshed in Section----    Mr. Pai. I have not seen a particular report about how Federal users are actually using the spectrum that they have, and I do agree----    Mr. Pai. And it would be very helpful to have that.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I share your assessment, and the Chairman's assessment, that low power television provides valuable service in Texas, Utah, Nebraska, all across this country. And that is why I flagged, almost 3 years ago, the importance of making sure that, within the statutory constraints, the FCC does what it can, in the context of the incentive auction, especially in markets where we don't need spectrum, to help them stay in business.    My concern is, however, that certain of the policy cuts that we are on the brink of making might end up impairing LPTV, and the vacant channel proceeding is one example of that, where the FCC has said, OK, if there is a vacant channel, or two vacant channels available after the incentive auction, then we will reserve those from unlicensed uses. And, not to denigrate, obviously, the importance of unlicensed, but nonetheless, this is the TV band that we are talking about, and if LPTV stations don't have a place to go, it seems to me that we should do what we can to prioritize their staying in business.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, thanks for the question. I can't think of a time when consumers of video services have ever had it better. Having grown up in the era of three broadcast stations, and no satellite, and no cable, I can tell you that now, when I can power up Crackle on my laptop wherever I want, on whatever device I want, it is really a benefit. And I think that is part of the reason why I came out a couple weeks ago, and said that I don't think that the FCC needs to regulate so-called over the top video. And that is consistent with what the Digital Media Association, which represents Apple, Amazon, Pandora, Sony, YouTube, and others, said just last week. This is not a marketplace that has failed. It is thriving, and let us leave well enough alone.    Mr. Pai. Absolutely, and that is one of the great things about the broadband revolution, that all these business models are thriving because everyone can deliver these services over the Internet.    Mr. Pai. Absolutely not. I think the worst thing the government could do would be to regulate either the entire marketplace, or pick out particular business models for disparate regulatory treatment. That will simply serve to distort the marketplace, and we will never know which business model consumers really would prefer.    Mr. Pai. Yes, sir.    Mr. Pai. So with respect to my rural broadband plan, it would be a two-fold plan. First and foremost would be targeted changes to our universal service rules to allow essentially rate-of-return carriers to get universal service support for the costs that they incur for deploying broadband in rural areas. And so currently that support only extends to voice service. I would let them get that support if they offered broadband as a standalone service.    Secondly, creating a voluntary path where rate-of-return carriers could, at their option, get into a similar Connect America Fund that we have for price cap carriers. And obviously the so-called ACAN model in that regard isn't perfect, but nonetheless, if rate of return carriers find it to be preferable, they should be given a limited window to be able to do that.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I don't think they do. I think that some segments of the industry face no barrier to deciding to deploy next generation infrastructure that connects people to digital opportunities. On the other hand, another segment faces antiquated rules that essentially require them to maintain the networks of yesterday, the copper-based TDM networks. And obviously every dollar they have to spend maintaining those networks is by definition a dollar they can't spend deploying fiber that would allow them to compete with others.    And so that is why I have said that, look, if we want to have more broadband competition, let us have a level playing field, regulatorily speaking, in which every single provider has the strongest possible incentive to deploy fiber to the home to compete for that customer's attention.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I think you captured the sentiment perfectly in your opening remarks, when you said that, when it comes to broadband, rural service should be there, and be high quality. And that is exactly why I have proposed this plan, to make sure that, when it comes to rural Americans, we don't leave them on a so-called slow lane when it comes to broadband. We give them the exact same opportunity they would have whether they were in Montpelier or in New York City.    And my concern, however, is that, given the timeframe that we have committed to, which is to get this done by the end of the year, I think it would be better to embrace the approach that Congressman Cramer, and over 100 other members, including 20 members of this Committee, embrace, which is to have a targeted solution to the standalone broadband problem. I completely agree with the Chairman, there are abuses in the system that need to be corrected, and I stand willing and able to work with him and the other Commissioners to change that, but we can't let the necessary and the perfect be the enemy of the good.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I obviously support the Chairman's vision, at least, of having a more fiscally responsible program. My problem, however, is that we didn't adopt some of the more basic reforms. For example, capping or putting a budget on the program, as every other universal service fund program has. Targeting broadband adoption, which is really the critical issue, we want these funds connecting people who are offline to help them get online. But currently 34 percent of American households, over 40 million households, are eligible for the program. And so if we are going to modernize the program to target broadband, let us make sure we have fiscal responsibility measures in place, and let us make sure we target the help to people who really need it. And that is, I think, an important conversation to have.    Mr. Pai. Sorry, go ahead.    Mr. Pai. No, after you.    Mr. Pai. Thank you, Congressman, for the question. I begin from the premise that unwanted robocallers are a plague on the American consumer. I don't want to get those calls, I know the Chairman doesn't want to get them. Nobody wants to get them. My problem, however, with the Commission's order is that it takes us in the opposite direction. For one thing, it exempted entire industries from the TCPA. So now, for example, the prison pay phone industry can robocall you. Additionally, it dramatically expanded the range of devices that are now considered to be auto-dialers. So now, if you use your smartphone to make a telephone call, that is technically an auto-dialer, subject to the TCPA.    Similarly, it opened the loopholes for reassigned numbers. There are 37 million numbers that are re-assigned every single year. A lot of legitimate businesses have no reason to know if they have that number in stock, and they have the prior phone number's owner--the consent of that owner--they have no reason to know that that number has been reassigned, unless they can face TCPA liability. Those are the kinds of loopholes that I think are simply going to generate even more litigation, and litigation has already become a flood. There were 14 class actions filed in 2008. Last year alone there were something like 1,918. And so my concern is that we are opening up a lot of these loopholes.    At the same time, we are not cracking down on the really bad actors, which are the unwanted robocallers. For example, we didn't create, contrary to what I would have preferred, a safe harbor for carriers to allow them to develop technology to block foreign robocallers. We didn't take more aggressive enforcement measures, despite the fact that we got 96,000 complaints last year for violations of the Do Not Call registry. In the first 7 months of this year, even though I called for it in January, we have had one citation from the Enforcement Bureau against the Do Not Call registry violators, and that is unacceptable to me.    Mr. Pai. I am not sure why, to be honest with you. But what I can tell you is that it has created tremendous uncertainty among the host of legitimate businesses that have their consumers' consent, and want to communicate important information. Everyone from restaurants to the Los Angeles Lakers have faced class action lawsuits for trying to communicate with people who have voluntarily communicated with them.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I would simply point out that the safe harbor wasn't given enough granularity, to say the least. And if a carrier is willing to trust an agency that has proven itself to be more than willing to fine a company up to $100 million for a violation of rules that don't exist, I would urge them not to rely on a safe harbor that doesn't provide much guidance at all.    Mr. Pai. On that we agree, which is precisely why I proposed that the agency create a very detailed, specific guideline for how the safe harbor would operate.    Mr. Pai. And feel free to call either one of us at home if you would like to follow up.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, thanks for the question. I was transcribing as quickly as I could, so if I miss one, please let me know. In terms of putting broadcasters in the duplex gap, one of the things that a typically disparate industry, as the wireless industry, the broadcasters, and unlicensed advocates agree on, is that placing broadcasters in duplex gap would be a terrible idea. Wireless companies don't like it because it would impair downlink spectrum, which they have told us is more critical for them, in terms of meeting consumer demand. Broadcasters have told us it is not optimal because the duplex gap is the only exclusively reserved spectrum for wireless microphones, which a lot of broadcasters rely on, and unlicensed advocates have told us as well that if you have a full powered broadcaster out there, unlicensed devices will get drowned out. And so that is part of the reason why I have said consistently that we need to do what the record suggests, and that is moving them somewhere other than the duplex gap.    That raises the question, well, where do you put them? And as between the downlink and the uplink, I don't think there is any question, certainly not in terms of the record itself, that there is tremendous opposition to putting them in downlink. If you think about it, everyone carrying a smartphone around now relies tremendously on downlink spectrum. We are always downloading things from the Internet. So putting a broadcaster in the downlink--first of all, it will impair a lot of the spectrum that is slated to be sold at auction and make it a lot less appealing. Secondly, it will end up causing tremendous problems, in terms of interference between broadcast and wireless.    And here the 700 MHz auction is really a cautionary tale. Think about all the efforts that the Commission had to deal with because we had broadcasters in channel 51, and we had wireless carriers in the adjacent A block of the 700 MHz band. Those issues took a long time to resolve, and it was really challenging. Here we are talking about co-channel, in addition to adjacent channel interference. Plus, remember, this is the last spectrum auction, hopefully, we are going to have in some time with respect to this band, so broadcasters placed in downlink will be there essentially permanently. So this is not a problem we will be able to work around.    So that is why I would prefer, based on what I have seen in the record, to place broadcasters, if they have to be put in the wireless band, to be placed in the uplink. Wireless carriers have told us it is technically preferable for a couple of reasons. First, they can minimize the amount of--or they can minimize the problems it would cause, in terms of interference, because you could just simply put a base station filter on. It would be a lot easier, since base stations are smaller in number, fixed in location, as opposed to putting a filter on a mobile device, which everyone is carrying around, and is always moving.    So in terms of the en banc hearing, which I think was your third question, one of the reasons why I think it would be helpful is that the Commission has simply not made available enough data, in terms of the simulations for these clearing scenarios, the data, and the assumptions that underlie those simulations. And we have heard from everybody, from unlicensed advocates, to broadcasters, and wireless carriers, we need more data, and we need to give you more meaningful input before you make a decision.    And so that is why I thought, let us just bring them all into a room, let us have everybody participate, and so then we, the Commissioners, can have a fully informed discussion before we vote on August 6, or whenever it is, to make sure that the band plan is right. I mean, Congress only gave us one chance to get it right, and if we don't, then I am afraid the cost could be substantial.    Mr. Pai. With respect to 600 megahertz, yes.    Mr. Pai. Thanks for the question. I think, consistent with what the Chairman has said, what Congresswoman Matsui and Congresswoman Blackburn have said, we need to make sure that there is more spectrum in the pipeline. I look at, the proliferation of broadband as a consumer, and I think that is a great thing. I look at it as a Commissioner, I wonder, how are we going to supply this spectrum that all these devices connected to the Internet are going to need? And that is part of the reason why I have been so bullish about getting more licensed and unlicensed spectrum out there.    Mr. Pai. I think in some cases it might be. With respect to Federal users in particular, it would be very helpful. And I know that you and Congresswoman Matsui have been leaders on that, and I thank you for that legislation.    Mr. Pai. Right now, or for the record, or--whichever.    Mr. Pai. OK.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, unfortunately, the FCC's reclassification of Internet Service Providers as common carriers had a two-fold hit on consumers. First, it deprived the FTC of jurisdiction, as the Chairman has pointed out, because of the common carrier exemption, jurisdiction that the FTC has explicitly been given congressional authorization for under things like COPPA.    Secondly, because the FCC then arrogated that issue for itself, unfortunately, our authority under the statute is relatively circumscribed. As you pointed out, Section 222, CPNI is a pretty narrow, arcane piece of the privacy puzzle, if you will. So we don't actually have any rules in place.    And, moreover, the guidance, so-called, that we have given out has been completely unhelpful. For example, in May of this year, our Enforcement Bureau put out a guidance with respect to privacy and it said, and I quote, ``The Enforcement Bureau intends that broadband providers should employ effective privacy protections in line with the core tenets of basic privacy protections.'' What does that mean? I have no idea, ISPs have no idea, consumers have no idea.    Mr. Pai. And so I would rather have let the experts of the FTC, who have protected consumers lo these many years, handle this issue based on law that you have given them.    Mr. Pai. Expertise and legal authority, yes.    Mr. Pai. I think this is part of the problem. When the FCC crossed this Rubicon on February. If you believe, as the majority did at the time, that the Internet is a virtuous cycle, and you have Internet Service Providers and edge providers acting with one another to provide a better consumer experience, it would seem to follow logically, then, that if an edge provider is acting in an anti-competitive or anti-consumer way, then why shouldn't the FCC have the jurisdiction to extend those same rules to edge providers.    And, moreover, if you look at the Internet conduct standard, it is not clear to me, a priori, why the FCC should limit its focus on Internet Service Providers. You could easily see a dominant edge provider engaging in anti-competitive conduct. And so that is part of the uncertainty that, unfortunately, the FCC opened up, and I hope we don't follow that to its logical conclusion.    Mr. Pai. Unfortunately, Congressman, I don't think they are. In fact, the agency has moved in the opposite direction. My principle for this small business program is that it should benefit small businesses. But, unfortunately, the agency, having loosened some of the restrictions that were imposed on a bipartisan basis several years ago, has now opened the door for large corporations to abuse the program and, ironically enough, squeeze out a lot of the small businesses, minorities, women, and others, who need access to capital in order to provide facilities-based service.    And we saw that in the most recent AWS-3 auction, where small carriers tried to compete, but they weren't able to because the deep-pocketed Fortune 500 corporation used shell companies to prevent them from bidding. And that is part of the reason why I proposed what I thought were pretty common sense reforms. If you are making in the upper eight figures, you don't need a taxpayer-funded discount in order to participate in a spectrum auction. If you are a genuine small business, with less than $15 million of revenue, you don't need more than $50 million of taxpayer-funded bidding credits in order to get spectrum at an auction. If you are a genuine business, you should be able to provide facilities-based service, not simply flip your spectrum to a large incumbent corporation the minute the auction is over.    Unfortunately, they fell one vote short, all of those proposals, which would, I submit, have restored public faith in the small business program.    Mr. Pai. Thanks for the question, Congressman. I think, to be honest, we first need to return to the status quo, before the most recent decision, and we need to adopt some common sense reforms to make sure that large corporations don't game the system again.    And to be sure the order did take some of these measures, prohibiting a single corporation from using multiple bidders in the same market and the same auction, but, that is low hanging fruit that is already prohibited by the criminal anti-trust laws. I am talking about genuine reforms of the DE Program to make sure that the people who need the help, the people who want to serve folks in Ohio, or Kansas, can be able to do that.    And I have proposed some of those reforms, such as limiting the amount of bidding credits people can get, making sure that large companies can't own a majority of a DE, making sure that we preserve that AMR, as it is known, so that people don't end up flipping all of the spectrum to the entrenched incumbents, those are the kinds of common sense reforms that don't have a partisan affiliation to them. And I wish the majority had agreed with me.    Mr. Pai. If I could just add a coda, one of the reasons why the facilities-based requirement is so important is because in a lot of cases the larger providers don't see the business case in building out to that school, or to that area, whereas a smaller rural provider, who actually does want to connect those folks to the Internet wirelessly, they have a strong incentive to make sure that those folks are connected. So when those rural providers are squeezed out, because there is no more facilities-based requirement, and speculators can come in and take the spectrum and flip it to the big incumbents, that really does impact those consumers.    Mr. Pai. On what? I am sorry.    Mr. Pai. I just saw it yesterday, so----    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I do have a different view. The agency inflicted a wound on itself, which is why the court had to intervene. The court didn't simply, out of whole cloth, decide to participate in this proceeding. What happened was, in the context of that transaction and another transaction, the agency decided to try to get all kinds of confidential information from programmers and--without any kind of due process. And so the programmers naturally sued.    I urged the agency to try to reach a settlement, because this information wasn't really necessary to resolution of the issues in the transaction, and a unanimous D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals agreed with me, calling the FCC's decision an unexplained and substantial departure from previous policy. And miraculously, even though they remanded it and told the FCC, look, here is the road map you need to follow if you want this information, despite having said the information was critical, ultimately the agency didn't even seek it or rely on it in making the decision. So that is why I said, look, the shot clock needs to be more than aspirational, it needs to be a rule. Just as there are 24 seconds in the NBA, there should be 180 days, period, for the FCC, with extensions for extenuating circumstances. But, nonetheless, we need to give both the public and the parties a lot of certainty as to how the FCC is going to do----    Mr. Pai. Thanks for the question, Congressman, and thank you also for your kind words about my proposal, which in turn is modeled on your letter. Stepping back 60,000 feet, I think the problem is basically this. There are a number of problems with the high cost fund, A, B, C, D, E. Problem A, however, is standalone broadband service, and my position has been consistent with your letter, and a companion letter in the Senate: let us adopt targeted changes to our rules to make sure that rate of return carriers aren't penalized for offering broadband as a standalone service. Now, that is not to say that problems B, C, D, E aren't important, but, for the purposes of this issue, standalone broadband service, let us get that piece of it done, and then turn to the other issues.    Now as to the issue with the rate of return carriers and the consensus, I appreciate the efforts of my colleagues to try to find that consensus, but nonetheless, number one, it is not necessary to resolve those issues, to adopt a standalone broadband solution, and number two, if we end up waiting until a consensus emerges on those other issues, I fear we are not going to meet the deadline we set for ourselves publicly of getting this done by the end of the year.    Mr. Pai. Congressman, I have long suggested that we should treat the 1.75 billion relocation fund as a budget at the FCC, and structure the auction so as to minimize the possibility that we would exceed it, and ultimately end up putting the onus on the broadcasters to pay up.    The other issue that I have heard, most recently in Nebraska from a group of broadcasters, is that the 36 months is not necessarily as long as it might seem, that there is a shortage of people who are able to do the work, there is a shortage of the equipment that is necessary for the repacking to be done, and that the Commission should be mindful of that as well as it progresses. So I share your concern, and I want to make sure that broadcasters, to the extent possible, are held harmless, in terms of necessary expenditures.    Mr. Pai. Yes.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Yes?    Mr. Pai. Mr. Chairman, it will by definition, to the extent that a particular vacant channel is allocated solely for unlicensed. In the TV band, that means an LPTV's station can't occupy it post-auction.    Mr. Pai. And this is part of the reason why I suggested that we adopt a technically sound solution to where to put broadcasters if we put them in the wireless----    Mr. Pai . Band. If we put them in the uplink, then we avoid this entire issue altogether, whereas in the duplex gap, we not only impair unlicensed, which has to find a home, but also downlink.    Mr. Pai. Mr. Chairman, I think part of the reason why it is indisputable that a smartphone is an auto-dialer under the FCC's new interpretation--if you look at the statute, it says a capacity to randomly or sequentially dial a number. I explicitly said capacity means the actual capacity. The smartphone has, in itself, intrinsically, the ability to do that. The majority rejected my argument and said, no, you could download an app. There are all kinds of other things you could do to effectively make the smartphone an auto-dialer, even if it isn't intrinsically.    And that is part of the reason why literally every communications device, other than a rotary phone, I give the majority credit for excepting those, nonetheless is now subject to TCPA liability as an auto-dialer. And that is not good for consumers, that is not good for providers. It is not good for anybody, other than trial lawyers.    Mr. Pai. That is the first I have heard of it, but it doesn't surprise me, because now we have seen it from a number of different industries. They are just uncertain about what the rules of the road are.    Mr. Pai. Thanks for the question, Congressman. I think, unfortunately, many of the FCC's more high profile enforcement initiatives have betrayed that basic principle of due process, and that is not an FCC law. That is going back to King John signing the Magna Carta 800 years ago this summer at Runnymede. And I think part of the reason why I have been so outspoken about it is that if private actors, from companies all the way to individuals, don't know what the rules of conduct are, then they have no reason to know that their conduct is violating what the FCC thinks should be the rule.    And with respect to certain notices of apparent liability the agency has issued, it is almost more a quest for headlines first, and we will figure out the law later, if at all. But that has it precisely backwards. To me, we should look at the facts, we should look at what the law is. If there is a gap in the law, let us change it to make sure that people are abiding by what we think is proper conduct. But we can't sanction somebody for violating a rule that they have no reason to know, or don't know, exists.    Mr. Pai. I have heard estimates that it will cost somewhere north of $3 billion to relocate all the broadcasters. And, if that figure is correct, and we only have $1.75 billion in the relocation fund, then it necessarily follows that broadcasters would be out of pocket for that extra $1 \1/4\ billion. And that is something that I hope to avoid, and certainly I am willing to work with you and the Chairman, and my colleagues, to make sure that doesn't happen.    Mr. Pai. No, unfortunately, I don't, because, as the Chairman pointed out quite eloquently, there are a lot of moving parts to this, and every broadcaster is unique.    Mr. Pai. Well, Congressman, thanks for the question. As I said in response to Congresswoman Eshoo earlier, my goal has been always to make sure that any American anywhere, whether it is on tribal land in New Mexico, or somewhere in my home state of Kansas, anyone who wants digital opportunity, in terms of a broadband connection, should be able to get it. And that is why I have laid out proposals on rural broadband, on e-rate, on wireless infrastructure, on 5 GHz spectrum, to make sure that we have a bunch of competitors out there all competing to provide every American with that opportunity. And as far as the semantic classification of it, that is something that I will leave to wiser minds than myself, but my focus----    Mr. Luja AE1n. But with the semantics associated with the difference between necessity and luxury, how would you characterize the importance of accessibility to broadband in rural parts of the country?    Mr. Pai. I think it is absolutely critical, and one of the things I have enjoyed in this job is having a chance to travel to small towns, from Diller, Nebraska, to Fort Yukon, Alaska to be able to see how people have used broadband to get opportunities they otherwise wouldn't have. I am sure this is the case in your district, but I have seen it in a lot of rural districts that if people don't get that high speed connection, they will move somewhere else. They will move to another state, or a bigger city to get it. And that is unfortunate, because I think there are a lot of ideas in rural America that are probably withering on the vine for lack of that broadband connection.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Yes.    Mr. Pai. And that is something that I am passionate about, and I would be more than happy to work with you----    Mr. Luja AE1n. I appreciate that, yes. Well, I would characterize it as a necessity, not a luxury. I really appreciate you considering it or characterizing it as absolutely critical. I would agree with that assessment as well.    With that, Commissioner Pai, as we look to the Lifeline Program as well--and in the testimony that--or your dissent to the 2015 order, in it there were some concerns associated with the cost to the program to date. And in your dissent you did recognize that there had been some reforms, that we looked back to 2012, understanding that in 2005, 2008, we saw a transformation of Lifeline that went from land line phones to being able to go into mobile phones, and now into smartphone apparatus. Since then, in 2012, the Commission came forward with a unanimous opinion, which resulted in a reduction of $214 million in savings in 2012, with a substantial projection going into 2014. I am trying to still get the numbers on what those realized savings were as well.    But in your dissent you also listed a concern where there were providers that were signing people up fraudulently, which we need to crack down on, and we share that concern. But in the 2015 order that you dissented, there was a reform in there that did state that we would--that the FCC would remove the ability for providers to sign people up for Lifeline--or for verification.    Mr. Pai. Yes.    Mr. Luja AE1n. Is that something that--with that principle, is that something that you agree with, and were there other areas that you disagreed with in the order? But is that something that you could agree with that we could work on together?    Mr. Pai. Well, I would love to work with you on that, and I do think that verification is a critical issue. I think one of the problems that I cited in my dissent is the fact that fly by night operators, like Icon Telecom in Oklahoma, they just created so-called Lifeline customers out of whole cloth, got a lot of money for doing it, and the CEO ended up pocketing $20 million, and spent it on his own private expenses. And that is something we need to weed out. We need more enforcement action, we need to reform the rules, and we need to have that conversation about how to have a fiscally responsible program.    Mr. Luja AE1n. And so I appreciate the reforms the Commission has put in place. The last question I have is, is $1.6 billion the right cap? Because you and I share a concern with broadband availability in communities, but I would hope that we both would agree that it is not just accessibility from an infrastructure perspective to broadband, it is also an affordability question in many rural parts of the country. What is the right number for a cap, and should it be arbitrary, or should it be based on data?    Mr. Pai. I do believe it should be fact-based, and that is part of the reason why I suggested a cap or a budget of $1.6 billion, because the program was at $800 million in 2009. It is now at $1.6, and that is the only one of the universal service fund programs that isn't capped. And so what I suggested was, we need to have a balance here. We need to make sure that we target the people who are offline in the Lifeline Program.    We also have to make sure that we are responsible stewards of the consumers' tax dollars. After all, this is paid for by consumers, and $1.6 seemed to me to be a good conversation--a good starting point to have.    Mr. Luja AE1n. But $1.6 is based on last year's numbers. The only data associated there is that is what the number rounds up, and year to year that number changes, understanding that the inflation from 2008 to 2012 was because the reforms were necessarily in place that helped us back that number down with the reforms in 2012, and the recent actions by the FCC in 2015.    So, Mr. Chairman, this is an area maybe where we can work on it together as well, but I look forward to have more conversations in this space as well. Thank you for the time, Mr. Chairman.