    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good afternoon, and thank you to our witnesses for being here today. And especially Alfredo Corchado and Nicolas Perez, who traveled a long way to be here. We certainly appreciate you being here.    Freedom of expression is a keystone that holds any democracy together. Being able to speak without censorship is a right that should never be stifled. Furthermore, it is the number one mechanism to hold people in government accountable for their actions. In recent years, many organizations dedicated to freedom of speech and advancing civil societies have been trying to bring attention to the deterioration of press freedom in Latin America.    Cuba has consistently been characterized as having one of the most repressive media environments in the world, with the Castro regime controlling all aspects of the print and electronic media. Venezuela and Ecuador have made deliberate attempts to eliminate their dissenters and inhibit free speech. They have harassed and fined the media; shut down their operations; and even physically attacked journalists who are trying to expose the state-sponsored crackdown against peaceful, political dissenters.    Ecuador's 2013 law forces media organizations to print government-mandated edits, and corrections have led to the country's wide censorship. This institutionalized tactic to censor the Ecuadorian population is unacceptable. In other countries, such as Mexico and Honduras, an increase in drug-related violence and worsening security situation have created a culture of impunity, allowing the violence against journalists and press institutions to go unpunished.    Mexico has unfortunately become one of the most dangerous places on Earth for journalists, with journalists regularly targeted for reporting organized crime or corrupt government officials. Mexico accounts for more than one-third of the killings of members of the media in Latin America in 2009. In Honduras, 8 million members have already lost their lives this year. Even in Colombia, journalists are under constant threat from paramilitary groups.    As a child in Cuba, I witnessed the deterioration of democracy as the Castro regime took over the islands and systemically destroyed all aspects of freedom of speech and expression. There is strong connection between countries' Democratic values and freedoms afforded to the press. Working to preserve freedom of speech and pushing back against those who seek to quiet their dissenters should be a top priority when engaging with our neighbors in the region.    I look forward to hearing from our panelists to hear their assessment of the hemisphere's state of affairs when it comes to the freedom of speech.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, one of my disappointments is, every time we have somebody from the State Department here, they tell us how in the Western Hemisphere they are becoming more democratic and they are having more elections, and I tell them that I disagree with that assessment. Anytime you have these governments which stifle freedom of speech, I don't think that is a democratic pathway.    And I believe that there is almost like a domino theory. You get one country that starts stifling the press. The other country sees that this country is getting away with it. He starts doing it. The other country sees that these two countries have it, and they start doing it. I think that is what is happening in the Western Hemisphere. It started with Cuba, Venezuela. Then you have Ecuador, Bolivia, you know, Guatemala, Honduras.    Is there anyplace in the Western Hemisphere where the press is strongest? Anybody.    Mr. Lauria?    Mr. Sires. Mr. Corchado?    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    Mr. Sires. I was just wondering, Mr. Corchado, Mr. Perez, are you concerned that these thugs have a long reach when you are in this country? Are you concerned for your safety here? When you do an article on corruption or when you do an article exposing the government's abuses and you are here, do you have concerns that these people have that long of a reach?    Mr. Sires. Mr. Perez?    Mr. Sires. Anybody else?    Mr. Sires. Different groups.    Mr. Sires. Thank you.    Do you want to add something?