    Mr. Lance. Thank you very much. And good morning to you all. My last name is Lance. I am sitting here because I would like to interact with the distinguished panel. I don't know a lot about this issue, but I am certainly interested in it. And I come from a small family law practice where, on occasion, middle-aged children come into the law practice--my late father and my twin brother who practices law now--wishing to impoverish their parents. And we throw them out of the office. And this is an issue that concerns me greatly.    Now, am I right, did I hear you say, Ms. Riley, that 60 percent of all nursing home costs are through the Medicaid Program?    Mr. Lance. And am I right that 37 percent of all child births in this country are through Medicaid?    Mr. Lance. Sixty percent of child births. Now, Medicaid, as I understand it, is a shared program?    Mr. Lance. Costs borne by the Federal Government and costs borne by the State Government?    Mr. Lance. But it is not equal across this country. And it depends on the state--is that accurate?--as to percentages?    Mr. Lance. And in Oklahoma, what is the percentage?    Mr. Lance. Roughly 61 percent is paid by----    Mr. Lance . The Federal Government. That certainly is not true in all of the states?    Mr. Lance. I live in New Jersey. And we pay more than most states. Is that accurate?    Mr. Lance. And there are states that pay as much as 50 percent. And New Jersey is one of them. So this is not a program that is equal across the United States.    Now specifically regarding the impoverishment of parents or of a spouse, you are telling me, Mr. Gomez, that the 10th Circuit has ruled that there can be no clawback for annuities? Is that what are your telling me?    Mr. Lance. Could you explain that in a little greater detail to me? Because this certainly interests me greatly.    Mr. Lance. Take your time. Here in Washington, everybody is in too much of a rush.    Mr. Lance. And this means that a couple go to an insurance company and give that insurance company $100,000 or $200,000 or $5000,000, purchasing an annuity. And then when one of the couple go into a nursing home, there is the claim that that half of the marital unit is impoverished and the other spouse can receive 100 percent of the annuity. Is that what is occurring?    Mr. Lance. And the 10th Circuit said that was legal?    Mr. Lance. And is that based upon the fact that we have not contemplated that here and the Mullin legislation would rectify that?    Mr. Lance. I understand that.    Mr. Lance. Thank you. I am sure this is not a large problem in the number of persons who utilize this loophole. But I certainly think that it should be closed and closed pronto. And I commend Congressman Mullin in his efforts. And I think the purpose of the law is not to permit this type of diversion. And I certainly think that it borders on fraud and, in my opinion, is immoral.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.