    Mr. Hughes. Thank you. Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Sherman, distinguished members of the committee, it is a privilege to be invited to speak here today.    There are at least 900 active ISIS investigations in all 50 States. An estimated 250 Americans have attempted to or have travelled to Syria and Iraq to join groups like ISIS. The program in extremism has identified 91 people who have been charged with ISIS-related offenses in the last 2 years.    Homegrown terrorism is an apt description, as the overwhelming majority of these individuals are U.S. citizens born and raised here. There is no typical profile of an ISIS recruit. They are old. They are young. They are rich. They are poor. College educated and they are high school dropouts.    The United States, with its notable exceptions, does not have extremist organizations providing in-person ideological and logistical support to individuals drawn to the jihadi narrative.    As a result, American ISIS sympathizers are forced to find like-minded communities online. ISIS sympathizers use the online environment in a variety of ways.    First, of course, they use it to push the propaganda. Second, ISIS recruiters act as spotters to identify and groom would-be recruits. Third, they provide logistical support for would-be recruits. Finally, they encourage Americans to commit attacks here in the homeland.    ISIS supporters are very active and persistent online. Despite repeated removal from social media sites for violating terms of service, sympathizers routinely return to these platforms with new accounts.    A prime example of that is a recently arrested American woman who operated at least 97 Twitter accounts before her arrest.    There is a well-used but decentralized system that provides a level of resiliency to these online social networks. Using Twitter as an example, there is an ISIS shout-out account that announces newly created accounts of previously suspended accounts, allowing a person to essentially build back their network online.    However, it is important to note that ISIS network on Twitter has declined substantially since 2014 as a result of sustained suspensions. An overt English language ISIS-support network is nearly gone from Facebook but they still use it occasionally to mount campaigns and for person-to-person communications.    The English language ISIS echo chamber is now mostly concentrated on Telegram where they can more easily congregate. ISIS radicalization is by no means limited to social media. In-person relationships still matter a great deal.    It is an over simplification to say that Internet radicalization is the main factor driving American ISIS supporters. Rather, in most cases online and offline dynamics complement one another.    In 1998, Osama bin Laden faxed his declaration of war to the West. It would rightly be seen as naive to contend that fax machine radicalization was a key driver for al-Qaeda's early recruitment.    A similar dynamic plays out 18 years later. The State Department and USAID have released a countering violent extremism strategy. The State Department has also expanded the mission of the Bureau of Counter Terrorism to now include proactive CVE programs.    While a step in the right direction, time will tell whether this new focus on preventative programming will result in a tangible shift in resources and personnel.    Recently, the State Department also reorganized to address the changing nature of ISIS vis-a-vis the Internet. The newly-formed Global Engagement Center--the GEC--represents a recognition that previous efforts needed to be adjusted. However, the bureaucratic and structural issues that hampered and plagued GEC's predecessor are still present. The GEC may be limited in its online engagement by legal restrictions on collecting personal information. Working with civil rights and civil liberties groups, the committee should consider legislative fixes that allow the GEC some limited exemptions from the Privacy Act requirements.    There is also a noticeable push to empower local partners to provide counter messaging. In conversations with these partners, many have expressed a concern that engaging with known or suspected terrorists online may unduly place them under law enforcement suspicion.    The administration should consider providing the legal guidance to potential counter messengers, religious leaders around the country so they can make informed decisions on whether and how to engage online.    And technology companies have in the past been pushed by Congress and the public to expand and enforce their terms of service. That is right.    But the U.S. Government should use its convening authority to bring together civil society partners who want to perform counter messaging but don't understand the technology with social media providers who understand their platform but don't understand the nuances of counter messaging.    Thank you for an opportunity to testify. I welcome your questions.    Mr. Hughes. The short answer is it depends. We have seen cases in the U.S. where an individual essentially converts to ISIS, not Islamism, and there is a distinct difference between Islam and Islamism.    I think it is important to say that. But when you look at--we've also had cases of people that are, you know, Hafiz and have grown up in the faith and are steeped into it and then decide to join ISIS. So each case is very different on it.    The U.S. context, we've had 91 individuals arrested for ISIS-related activities. Of that data set, 38 percent were converts to the faith, which is a higher percentage than the general population of American Muslims, which are about 23 percent, depending on how the data shakes out.    So there is a phenomenon there that is worth looking at. We have seen from our research of the program on extremism a number of individuals who are recent converts to the faith that are reaching out on Twitter and asking questions and ISIS spotters are realizing they are naive and they are answering those questions in a very innocuous way on religion. And over the course of a few weeks they are answering that and then they slowly introduce Islamic ideology into the conversation. So they have already built in there authenticity in these conversations.    So there is a dynamic in play there and it also in terms of de-radicalization or disengagement the role of religion depends on the individual.    Sometimes it may be, like Peter said, the Salafist imam who's the most useful there but it also may be the soccer coach. It really depends on the individual.    Mr. Hughes. A couple reasons why I think that model didn't work before. One was that it wasn't interactive, meaning it was one-off kind of events.    So if you actually want to introduce, you know, some seeds of doubt, what you're doing on that is building a relationship or a rapport back and forth. That takes time.    The reason why that wasn't successful before is because it had to go through six, seven, eight layers of bureaucracy to say, can I tweet this 140 characters to this individual, right? That's just not how the online environment works.    There's two reasons why I think that the U.S. Government shouldn't completely get out of the game when it comes to interactive back and forth.    One is, again, you need to essentially not cede the space, and two, is there is some benefit when you're talking about hardened ISIS supporters spending their time focussing on the State Department as opposed to focussing on creating content, videos, and things like that. It muddies their time up a little bit and we do see that dynamic play out.    So I would focus the State Department's overt messaging on the guys that raise their hands and say they are ISIS supporters and then there is a whole spectrum of other options between, you know, white overt, State Department to gray, delayed attribution that DoD can do and then the black that CI can do to counter messaging. And we need to make sure those are coordinated a little bit better than they had in the past.    Mr. Hughes. I have seen Aaron's work. It is phenomenal. There's a spectrum in terms of communication. You have the targeted messaging just on this issue, right. But there is also broad based messaging that is more in tune and more useful to come from partners that Aaron works with, right, because governments by their very nature are very hesitant to get into this idea of religion, establishment clause, things like that.    It makes everyone very uncomfortable. That's where civil society and partners can play a role. Let's address the mood music that causes people to want to be drawn to the ideology itself and then let us slowly move down the spectrum.    Mr. Hughes. Sure. I would just--my previous job was to community engagement with Muslim-Americans around the country. So for about 3 years I would go to mosque community centers and have very difficult but important questions and conversations about radicalization. Sacramento is an interesting case. I have been to Sacramento a number of times working with your local Muslim-American communities and a telling example of that was last year I was there and we were talking about the need to counter ISIS' propaganda.    An imam of a local mosque raised his hand and said, you know, Seamus, I would like to do counter messaging and I would like to do that. And I said well, that is great, sir--what are you going to do. I am going to hold my phone up and I am going to record a lecture of me saying it and I am going to post it online.    Sir, no one's going to watch that. It is going to be 6 minutes long and it is not very interactive. But I tell you what, maybe I can connect you with the guys at Twitter or the individuals at Facebook and let us figure out a way where you have the message, it is very timely, and let us tie your video so it tags next to an ISIS video and things like that.    You have this groundswell of people that want to do counter messaging but don't know how to work the system in a way that I think Congress and DC policymakers can help traverse that.    And then the larger question about community engagement--that is a difficult thing. You know, you don't build relationships 1 day at a time. It takes a very long process and I think the way that the administration is moving on this is that this idea of one-on-one interventions for individuals so instead of just arresting an individual because that is the only choice you have right now. I think if we bring in a third option in interventions you're going to see levels of trust built in between governments and communities.    Mr. Hughes. And I would defer to Peter to talk a little bit about the European experience because they have had years of this. But this idea of an intervention space.    So in the U.K. they have a channel program that has been revamped a number of times but it essentially connects the kid they are worried about with a mentor and Germany Hayat with social workers who help kind of train parents on how to talk to their kids.    What we're essentially looking for is a non-law-enforcement approach, right. You bring a social worker, a mental health professional, a religious leader, any number of things--you bring them to the table and say this is a kid we are worried about--I don't have enough to arrest him or I don't want to arrest him because he's under the age of 18--you know, what are other options and everyone kind of gets around the table and figures it out.    Mr. Hughes. It depends on how they spend the money.    Mr. Hughes. Yes, I----    Mr. Hughes. Sure. The same way they do recruitment of gangs online actually nowadays, which is they are looking for individuals who have raised their hand only slightly so much, saying oh, well, what's going on in Syria or what about the Assad atrocities?--things like that.    They realize they have--there is a well-established system of essentially spotting individuals to be drawn into it and once they are drawn in they are in essentially an ISIS echo chamber where they don't hear dissenting voices.    So <greek-l>and  deg.the conversation runs from the boringly benign banter of everyday life to the violent images that we see on the nightly news.    So they get a sense of community on there and so they talk on mainstream sites, on Twitter and places like that and then they move onto this one-on-one communication whether it be on Telegram or other platforms where they can have a more discreet conversation, figure out how that person's day was.    It is a grooming process online, and a lot of these individuals are also asking for help, right. They are coming to known or suspected terrorists--people on the ground in Syria and Iraq--and saying, I am thinking about joining--what do you think about this?--what do I need to do when I get to Turkey?--what are the four numbers I need to call?--what do I put in my backpack?--what do I not put in my backpack?--how do I cross Customs?    It is essentially allowing a level of interactivity that we hadn't had in the past where if you're three girls from Denver like we had last year, three girls under the age of 18, and you want to figure out how to go to Syria, you're going on to Tumbler, you're reading about it and then you're connecting with a facilitator online who's working that process for you.    Mr. Hughes. It depends. So like I said before, we saw a case where a young woman was naive about her faith and was asking questions online and ISIS supporters realized she was naive and answered those questions in an innocuous way.    So each case is particularly different. But there is a concerted recruitment effort online. Now, that has shifted in recent months away from the so-called caliphate and more toward maybe go to Libya or maybe do what you can where you are because of various reasons.    Mr. Hughes. The issue of encryption and going dark is something that the FBI Directors talked about in numerous occasions. We do see that dynamic play out online and increasingly so.    So think of the evolution of Internet recruitment radicalization this way. We used to have the good old days 5 or 6 years ago where you had password-protected forums, about 12 of them, and everyone raised their hand, you knew who they were and then went in there.    That was--we could collect against that. Then they moved to Twitter and Facebook and places like that, more mainstream sites where you're able to get the fence sitters who--and able to push out the propaganda a little bit more.    Now they have almost reversed course back over to more discreet platforms like Telegram, which allows for end-to-end encryption and other places like that and doesn't give law enforcement that view of it. It is a difficult dynamic.    I don't have policy recommendations on an approach port. I would say that any approach that you did develop needs to be mindful of the technology evolving, meaning that if you asked me 2 years ago about Telegram I would have said don't worry about it right now--let us focus on Twitter and now here we are with Telegram.