    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Meyer, we've, on this committee, done a lot of oversight over the Department of Homeland Security, how they released people who were in the country illegally and then those people ended up committing criminal offenses. And in the past, we've been able to get the figures from fiscal year 2013, fiscal year 2014, the number of people who have actually been convicted of crimes and then still released by DHS.    There was a recent report in the Washington Times that 121 individuals who were in the country illegally and were in custody of ICE were then subsequently released and then subsequently charged with murder, and the committee has tried to get information about that and other issues.    On March 10, the committee staff requested information from ICE regarding the number of criminal illegal aliens who were released by DHS in 2015 broken down by crimes committed, like we've received in the past. Shortly thereafter, the staff also asked for individuals released, based on the Davis case, for 2015 broken down by crimes committed, because that's one of the reasons that ICE will give us for why these individuals are released. And then the committee sent a letter, on March 17, 2015, requesting both of these data sets, along with recidivist information for 2015, and the return date on that letter was March 31, 2016, but nothing has been provided to us.    This is information that clearly the agency keeps, because they provided it in 2013 and in 2014, and we've made repeated requests for this information, and now 6 months after the fiscal year has ended and the Director of ICE is going to testify before this committee next week, no information has been received to date. We've been told repeatedly that the information is available but is in, quote, ``clearance.'' We haven't even received a briefing in preparation of the hearing.    So my question to you is, when will the committee receive this information?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, what would be--I mean, I'm just trying to figure out, what would be the reason to not have it 6 months after the fiscal year ended, when it's something that's been done routinely in the past.    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. You know, I think it's an important issue. We are told that the administration is really focused on people who are coming here committing crimes, but when we get those breakdowns, you know, that suggests that that is not really the case and that there are folks who are in ICE custody, even people who have been convicted of criminal offenses and then released. And I think it's an important issue, because--you know, I wish we could prevent every crime from ever happening in the United States.    Obviously, we have penalties to try to deter people, but when you actually have somebody who's here illegally and then they're in the custody of ICE, if ICE would simply have repatriated them, well, then the person who ended up being the victim of a crime would not have been the victim of a crime. And so that's one example where the government clearly could have prevented crimes from occurring. So I think it's a major issue of public safety.    So I want you to take it back. We have the Director coming next week. We absolutely need to have that information in time that we can review it and then ask her pertinent questions about that.    Mr. DeSantis. Okay. Great.    And, with that, I can yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. DeSantis. Yes.