    Mr. Bishop. I did. I flew under the radar.    Director, I was here earlier. I apologize for stepping out. I want to begin by thanking you for what you and your entire team does, because what you do on a daily basis is something that most of us don't even know about, we can't comprehend. And you keep us safe, and we're grateful for what you do. And on behalf of my family, my constituents, my State, my Nation, I'm very grateful to you and your entire department. So I wanted to tell you that.    And I admire your testimony today, and thank you for your candor. You've been here forever taking a lot of questions.    I thought maybe I'd asked you about Syrian refugees and what we're seeing. My State of Michigan is a huge hub for those of Middle Eastern descent. There is some concern about the onslaught of refugees into our country. And I apologize if you've answered this question, but I'd like to ask you, what do we know, how do we vet these refugees coming into our country? Is there a way to do it that we can rely upon?    My office does a lot of immigration work. We work with those who are attempting to immigrate legally every day, and we help them any way we can to try and get through, jump through the hoops. It's very strange that we now have groups that are coming in in the way they are that really skip all those steps in between.    So I'm just wondering if you could share with me what your experience is and what you know about the process.    Mr. Bishop. And as time goes on, the process that you are going through will be more apparent to the American people. I say that because there are a lot of folks in my State who are very concerned. And, you know, that level of unknown, of not understanding exactly the process, has caused a little panic across the district. And the more that we can hear, the more we understand what the process is.    We remember the Iraqi refugees in the State of Michigan, especially in my area, in southeast Michigan. So I appreciate your ongoing communication on how that's going.    I want to switch gears with you real quick. I've had the pleasure of visiting and working with a number of youth-serving organizations in my district, and I know at least one of those organizations is here today represented. It's important work that they do in the community. And I've spoken to some of them about the importance of keeping their kids safe, and one of the ways to do that is getting background checks. It ensures so many different ways of fostering a safe environment. And it's really an issue I feel very deeply about. I have kids of my own.    Can you talk a little bit about the value of including national FBI fingerprint background checks as a part of the comprehensive screening of staff and volunteers? There are so many that are right there with our children, and we know that the FBI background checks is the gold standard of the process. Can you share a little bit about how we can promote that and encourage that?    Mr. Bishop. Did you say Rap Back?    Mr. Bishop. Got you. All right. That's the connotation. Okay.    Sir, thank you very much for your time. I appreciate all your testimony today.    With that, I yield back.