    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    I want to welcome the witnesses to this afternoon's hearing.    I am troubled by some of the things we know and some of the things we don't know about privacy and security on HealthCare.gov. We have a couple of very good witnesses today who I look forward to hearing from. Unfortunately, neither of these experts had any role in developing HealthCare.gov or decisions regarding privacy and security, but I do hope that the testimony will help shape some of the questions we should be asking those who did have a role in those decisions.    Given the problematic rollout of HealthCare.gov and problems with some state exchange websites such as those with the D.C. marketplace, it is clear that the implementation of the technical side of the Affordable Care Act merits Congressional review and oversight. While HealthCare.gov functionality has improved since last year and CMS has been responsive to reports of potential security or privacy weaknesses as they have been identified, we should continue to conduct oversight because the type of personal data that is inputted into the site raises the potential for serious problems.    Yet we must also make sure that we are clear on the context. We are here today because of recent news reports about the use of third-party analytics tools on HealthCare.gov, as the Chairwoman mentioned. Data analytics tools can be valuable for tracking how websites are being used and optimizing the website for the consumer. While I am on the record about my reservations about the Affordable Care Act, I also understand the motivation of increasing traffic to the HealthCare.gov website in an effort to get more people signed up for health insurance.    However, we must hold the government to the highest standards for privacy and security. This is especially true for a website like HealthCare.gov in which people enter highly private and sensitive information. I have concerns based on the initial news reports that the high standards may not have been applied to privacy on HealthCare.gov. However, the news reports, like today's testimony, have provided more questions than answers. We must also be careful to distinguish between privacy and security and where the true vulnerabilities may be for each. In short, we have a responsibility to gather all the facts before coming to any conclusions but we need to get those facts.    I understand, Madam Chairwoman, that you are trying to schedule a second hearing with Administration officials who have direct knowledge of the issues before us today. I think such a hearing, in addition to more staff homework, will be necessary before we can draw any clear conclusions or proposals for moving forward.    In addition, I would note that privacy is a big issue across the internet. Data analytics tools can help improve customer experience but their ubiquity and integration into the working of so many websites means that Americans concerned about their privacy may have little real choice when it comes to how they can manage the release of their information. Ms. De Mooy addresses some of that in her testimony and I look forward to the discussion on the broader issues. While we may hold the government to higher standards, it is incumbent upon us to declare the steps we can take to ensure that Americans are able to safeguard their personal data across the online environment as a whole.    Finally, while this hearing will focus on online data privacy, it is critical to recognize that using the internet is far from the only way for Americans' private information to be lost. In his testimony, Mr. Wright addresses the difficulty of anonymizing data and the ease with which individuals can be identified from just a few pieces of information about their day-to-day activities such as purchases charged through a credit card. Given this testimony, this Committee may want to be careful about efforts to publicly disclose study data related to the health impacts of the air pollutants used in the EPA regulation. It is an issue that we debated in the last Congress and I think this is something that we need to consider, the problems with anonymizing data, as we move forward.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses today, and with that, I yield back.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    I just want to make sure we try to take a couple steps back here because there is a lot we don't know unfortunately. And I do look forward to asking questions of the--of the CMS.    But just so I have a better understanding, I think we discussed the use of third-party analytics tools is common in both private and governmental websites. What usually is done on a private website when they are using a third-party data analytic--how is it--how is privacy--and again, we have to talk about what the standards are going to be, but what is usually done? When I go to a website, how often are there third parties looking at the data and what happens with that and how do I know that there are third parties? What is going on with that and am I--is there any way that I am protected if I am going to a private website?    Mr. Lipinski. And why would there be so many?    Mr. Lipinski. Okay. Because is there any--the question is for the--for HealthCare.gov is why were there so many--however many it is--and we are still not exactly sure how many--why would there be a dozen, two dozen, three dozen----    Mr. Lipinski. --and why would HealthCare.gov--why would they use that many?    Mr. Lipinski. Okay. There are ways to do that in-house, you said----    Mr. Lipinski. --and your testimony you had talked about that. I think I am going to--my time is almost up. I want to make sure everyone else has questions.    If we have time for a second round, I will have more, but I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Johnson five minutes.