    Mr. Campbell. Good morning, Chairman, Ranking Member, and members of the subcommittee. My name is Richard Campbell. I am a specialist in energy policy for the Congressional Research Service, CRS. On behalf of CRS I would like to thank the committee for inviting me here to testify today.    My testimony will provide background on the possible consequences of a failure of the electric grid, the roles with respect to parties, and some of the objective challenges in the recovery efforts. I should note that CRS does not advocate policy or take a position on specific legislation.    Electric power generation is vital to the commerce and daily functioning of the United States. While the electric grid has operated historically with a high level of reliability, various parts of the electric power system are vulnerable to failure due to natural, operational, or manmade events. Natural events include severe weather and even solar storms. Operational events can result from failures of grid components or systems. And manmade events would include actual attacks on the grid. The extent to which these events could damage the grid would depend upon the severity of the incident.    Much of the infrastructure which serves the U.S. power grid is aging. As the grid is modernized, new technologies utilizing two-way communications and other digital capabilities are being incorporated with Internet connectivity. While these advances can improve the efficiency and performance of the grid----    Mr. Campbell. While these advances can improve the efficiency and performance of the grid, they may also increase its vulnerability to cyberattacks launched from the Internet.    In 2014 the National Security Agency reported that it had seen intrusions into industrial control systems with the apparent technical capability to take down the controls to operate U.S. power grids, water systems, and other critical infrastructure. Although there has not been a cybersecurity event resulting in a power outage in the United States, the potential still exists for such attacks to cause a wide-scale, long-lasting outage.    The first blackouts attributed to a cyberattack happened in Ukraine in December 2015. The attack targeted industrial control and operating systems in multiple regional utilities. Other critical infrastructure was also targeted, apparently in an attempt to impair recovery efforts. A report released by the National Research Council in 2012 concluded that well-informed terrorists could black out a large region of the country for weeks or even months. It said that if such an attack occurred during times of extreme weather, hundreds or thousands of deaths could occur from heat stress or extended exposure to the cold. A systematic attack of this sort could cost the U.S. economy hundreds of billions of dollars.    Recovery from a well-planned cyber and physical attack on the grid could be complicated by the cost and vulnerability of critical components. For example, the strategic destruction of a number of critical, high-voltage transformers could use up the limited inventory of spare units, and it may take months or even years to build new units.    The electric utility industry generally prepares for outages from weather-related events, and views the potential for a major cybersecurity attack or similar event as a low-probability risk. If an event is severe enough to be a federally declared disaster, then FEMA, the Federal Energy Management Agency, can provide financial assistance to eligible utilities for the recovery effort.    And in 2015 Congress gave the Department of Energy new authority to order electric utilities and the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, NERC, to implement emergency security measures in the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act.    However, given the potential for damage to the Nation's economy from a major attack on the grid, some might suggest that the greater focus on recovery is needed, and should become as much a part of the grid security strategy as the efforts to secure the grid. A focus on recovery should consider the mutual dependence and implications to other critical infrastructure of an electric grid failure, and how quickly such impacts could proliferate, if not planned for in advance.    Congress may also want to consider how the grid of the future will address cyber and physical security concerns. Incorporating elements to increase system resiliency as it develops will aid in reducing the vulnerability of the system.    Finally, NERC has stated that after a major grid disruption, restarting generation and energizing transmission and distribution systems will be a first priority. Restoring service to communications systems, fuel, water supply and treatment and hospital customers will be a secondary priority. Congress may want to consider how planning for the subsequent restoration of services would proceed to ensure that all civilian communities are kept informed, and they are treated as equitably as possible in disaster recovery efforts.    This concludes my brief remarks. I look forward to your questions.