    Mr. Crabtree. Thank you, Chairman Weber and Ranking Member Grayson and Members of the Committee for this opportunity to testify. I will be talking about the Joint Center for Energy Store Research, otherwise known as JCESR, which addresses two compelling challenges: creating the next generation of high-performance, inexpensive electricity storage to transform transportation through the widespread penetration of electric cars, and to transform the electricity grid through widespread penetration of clean and sustainable wind and solar energy. JCESR concentrates exclusively on next-generation electricity storage beyond the reach of today's lithium ion technology.    Transportation and the grid account for 2/3 of all the energy used in the United States. Transforming them with high-performance, inexpensive storage not only modernizes our energy system but also grows the economy, creates jobs and promotes U.S. innovation in the global marketplace.    JCSER brings a new paradigm to battery R&D, integrating four functions into a single highly interactive organization, and those four functions are discovery science, battery design, research prototyping, and manufacturer collaboration. It is close interaction spanning across these four functions that accelerates the pace of discovery and innovation and shortens the time from conceptualization to commercialization. So JCESR's new paradigm is a model not only for battery R&D but also for other critical national energy challenges.    Using our new paradigm, JCESR intends to create two additional outcomes or legacies: a library of fundamental science of energy storage, applying the remarkable advances of nanoscience of the last 15 years to the materials and phenomena of energy storage at atomic and molecular levels, and the second outcome, using this new understanding to develop two prototype batteries, one for transportation, one for the grid, that when scaled to manufacturing have five times the energy density and one-fifth the cost of today's commercial lithium ion batteries. Although the two batteries may look very different, they will be based on the same library of fundamental science.    JCESR has already made substantial progress toward its goals. Soon after launch, we established our new paradigm spanning 150 researchers at 14 partner institutions. We began building the personal relationships that enable intense and effective communication, and we put in place the strategic objectives and the daily meetings that drive our program. In its first year, JCESR established three distinguishing tools so materials genome approaches for crystalline electrodes and liquid electrolytes that simulate tens of thousands of materials on the computer to find the most promising ones before they are ever made in the laboratory.    We also put together a unique electrochemical discovery lab to synthesize and explore these materials with state-of-the-art tools and the third distinguishing tool is techno-economic modeling to simulate the performance and cost of complete battery systems on the computer before they're prototyped.    So JCESR used these tools to make foundational progress in all four of its functional areas. We identified four promising directions for transportation and grid prototypes. We used our tools to converge these four battery prototypes so techno-economic modeling revealed the ultimate performance of each of the four prototypes and in an inverse process provided performance and cost thresholds for the materials that would make up the components of those batteries. The materials genomes found promising materials to meet these thresholds and the synthesis and prototyping teams began to build partial and complete prototypes to test the compatibility of the materials as complete battery systems. So we've met extensively with the private sector to discuss the size and performance of JCESR's prototypes that would be required to translate them to commercialization.    In our 2-1/2 years of operator, we've learned the critical importance of continuous improvement of our new paradigm. We worked closely with our 14 partners, our 150 researchers and our sponsor, the Office of Basic Energy Sciences in DOE, to refine our management practices, to refine our strategic directions, and to balance our exploratory divergent research to identify promising solutions with focused convergent research to implement and complete the selected solutions and prototypes rapidly.    During this time, we've terminated research on one candidate prototype--that would be lithium oxygen batteries--and initiated research on other promising opportunities including metal anodes for lithium and magnesium, and membranes for flow batteries. Nimble response to management and strategic challenges and opportunities as they arise is essential for completing our mission in a timely manner.    So thank you again for the opportunity to testify and I'm happy to answer questions later on.    Mr. Crabtree. Great question, and I have the same challenge. I wish my iPhone lasted twice as long.    Mr. Crabtree. So that's a great question. JCESR looks exclusively beyond lithium ion. Lithium ion is the technology we have now that powers cell phones, although not long enough. They go out at 4 o'clock in the afternoon when you want to make a call.    Mr. Crabtree. And we're looking beyond that. We'd like to get a factor of five in performance and higher and a factor of five lower in cost. So this is definitely next generation.    None of the batteries that we're looking at are related to lithium ion in their concepts or in their performance. So there--many people don't realize this, that beyond lithium ion space is very much better and richer than the lithium ion space. So lithium ion is one battery technology, been around for 25 years nearly. We know it pretty well. It can get incrementally better, but just as you were saying, we're looking for a transformative change, not an incremental change.    Mr. Crabtree. Yeah. Great question, and indeed, this was one of the things that when we made our proposal and launched our project that we had in mind. What do you do after you make the technology? How do you get it out to the marketplace? So JCI, otherwise known as Johnson Controls, happens to be right across the state line in Wisconsin from Argonne, so we go up there quite often. We spent three full days talking with them about what a prototype would look like that would interest them in manufacturing it. So this is something that certainly on the basic science side almost never happens. We think about the new ideas in the basic sciences but we don't think about how to bring them to market. On the applied side, it does happen. I think JCESR is unique in that it combines both the basic science discoveries and the guidance from industry, for example, JCI, what would it take to actually be manufactured. So they can advise us, for example, don't use any materials in a certain class, they're too corrosive. We will know that from the very beginning, and at a discovery science stage, we won't be pursuing those kinds of materials. So their guidance is actually very, very important.    We have another group that works with us and our affiliates, which now number 80 plus. They're start-up firms. They're big companies. They're research organizations. And we talk with them all the time about their interest. So the ones that are startups, we talk about what kind of battery would you like to have, and I think it's this connection to the marketplace which is one of the unique things about JCESR that was missing before. So Toyota will look to its own research and development organizations with its own marketing needs in mind but they won't go outside their own house. We make it possible to go outside individual organizations.    Mr. Crabtree. Oh, it does. So we--there are several battery firms, usually small companies, that we work with extensively already. We--this does two things. It makes us familiar with what their needs are so we can address them better, and it makes them familiar with what we can do. So they can address a question or a challenge to us that in fact we can respond to.    So it's spilled out. You know, Argonne has a very extensive traditional battery program, lithium ion and other things, that's not part of JCESR but we interact with that group as well, and when we--through our affiliates and other industrial connections, we actually direct them to the right place. If it's within JCESR, that's great. If it's not, then we're part of that interaction as well.    Mr. Crabtree. Great questions, and that's exactly what JCESR faces. I was mentioning that the beyond lithium ion space is really rich, big and complex, and there's really a challenge to find out where are the promising directions. So we spent about a year and a half doing that. We call that divergent research because maybe it's the solution, maybe it's that one, maybe it's that one. We've now switched in the last year to convergent research where we've picked four directions and we're going to implement them and make them work. But I'm sure that we're going to leave things on the table. So there will be things, even when we're done, assuming we get renewed--let's be optimistic--you know, eight years from now, there will still be wonderful challenges to be addressed in a similar way.    Mr. Crabtree. Great question. So the first requirement is they have to be good. They have to be the best. If we can get the best, we go for the best. If we can't, we go down a notch. And we have to be diverse. So we want to be able to look at the entire beyond lithium ion space, not just a piece of it, but all of it so that we can make a judgment about where are the best opportunities. And so we have universities, national labs and industry, and that's critical that it be that diverse.    Mr. Crabtree. We have lots of lawyers on the team too.    Mr. Crabtree. First we would ask, is it covered by somebody that we already have or is there somebody better than you--excuse me for asking that question, but--because we want to go for the best, and we don't want to duplicate. Our resources are limited so we have to spread them around just as taxpayer dollars, you always do, in the best way. So we don't want to duplicate and we want to cover everything.    Mr. Crabtree. Great question, and I would hark back to maybe 25 years ago, the time of the great industrial labs such as Bell Labs and Xerox and IBM where they were integrated and indeed the basic science was done right along with the application development. We've lost that, and part of that is the pressure of Wall Street. Business has to look at the next 6 months, not the next 20 years. That's hard.    JCESR is one of the few organizations, brand-new one, that bridges that gap and it looks at a very specific problem unlike the old industrial labs that looked at many, many problems. We're looking at next-generation energy storage only. So we're able to focus, we're able to bring--attract the best, and we're able to integrate across that spectrum, and I believe that this paradigm, this, as we call it, our next paradigm of doing business, doing research, may be the most important outcome of JCESR, that it may be a model for not only the battery community but lots of other critical challenges where you combine the basic and the applied and actually the transition to market. So I'm actually excited about that, and I feel that we're learning now how to do it. It can be done much better than we are now doing. I'm sure of that, and if we can develop this model, we'll be way ahead of the game.