    Mr. Kammerer. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, subcommittee members, I appreciate the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss VA's VR&E program and our efforts to transform. We are engaged in initiatives to extend outreach, gain a better understanding of our current and future veteran population, increase program efficiencies, enhance supporting technology and reframe performance metrics. The VR&E program assists servicemembers and veterans with service-connected disabilities and barriers to employment in preparing for, finding, and maintaining suitable employment. For veterans with service-connected disabilities so severe that they cannot immediately consider employment, independent living services help to improve the ability to live as independently as possible. We employ nearly a thousand professional vocational rehabilitation counselors and deliver services through a network of almost 400 locations.    Our service delivery supports veterans where they live and includes operations at 57 regional offices, 165 out-based offices, 71 installations for IDES, and 94 VetSuccess on Campus sites. As VBA continues to make progress, major progress on the backlog, more veterans with service-connected disabilities are potentially eligible for and in need of vocational rehabilitation services. The volume of VR&E applications has increased over 30 percent from 2011 to 2014 with nearly 10 percent growth in participants in each of the past 2 years.    In 2014, VR&E provided entitlement determinations to applicants in an average of 43 days, which was below the national target of 45 days.    The total number of VR&E cases worked by VRCs, including applicants, exceeded 181,000 in 2014 and VR&E participants increased to nearly 124,000 in 2014. We successfully assisted over 10,000 veterans in achieving their rehabilitation goals in 2014 with over 8,600 of those employment rehabilitations.    Our colleagues at Department of Labor share our resolve towards these employment outcomes. With a team of 79 VSOC counselors, VR&E continues to partner with 94 schools to provide services to approximately 78,000 veterans on campus. Our counselors coordinate delivery of on-campus benefits assistance, educational, vocational, or adjustment counseling, and assist veterans in completing their education and entering the labor market in viable careers.    We are committed to the VSOC program and continue to evaluate schools for potential future participation. We also closely collaborate with Department of Defense to provide VR&E services to servicemembers going through IDES, have deployed nearly 200 IDES counselors on 71 installations. We are jointly visiting select IDES sites with the Army's Warrior Transition Command to improve the VR&E referral process and enhance our outreach and early intervention counseling services. Since July 2014, we have visited 12 Army installations with the Army's Warrior Transition command. We also continue to work on Chapter 36 educational and career counseling services to transitioning servicemembers and veterans, updated our Chapter 36 information and incorporated it into the Transition Assistance Program curriculums with those updates.    VR&E is also preparing for the initial development of our new case management system. The goals of the new system, develop a paperless service delivery model, better support veterans on their own terms, ensure consistent service delivery and quality, and modernize the employee experience.    In collaboration with VHA, VR&E has also expanded the use of VHA telehealth and CAPRI technologies to enhance direct veterans service through online counseling technology and electronic medical referrals. VR&E is now implementing new performance measures that will place a greater focus on veteran outcomes. Success rate is the percentage of veterans who complete their goals and/or have obtained employment (positive outcomes), and the persistence rate is the number in the class who have successfully achieved a positive outcome plus those persisting in their rehabilitation, both measured against veterans in their class. We will use a 6-year completion model that better reflects the individual needs of veterans in VR&E. These new measures of veterans VR&E success are driven by positive outcomes and active participation. VR&E continues to refine our business processes. We have lowered cost approval thresholds for IL construction to $15,000, and we have implemented additional self-employment reviews.    At the VR&E training conference last month, we discussed both improving service delivery and accountability for case management. As caseloads continue to grow, we continue to look at ways to reduce the workload burden on our counselors.    Of the two remaining open GAO recommendations, new performance measures were implemented on 1 July, and we are awaiting development of the new VR&E case management system, which will help us to track the post-outcome closures. The 20-year congressionally-mandated study of VR&E cohorts, 2010, 2012, and 2014, has provided us a wealth of information to date. This year we found that approximately 90 percent of participants for all cohorts reported moderate- to high-program satisfaction.    Nearly one-quarter of our veterans in each cohort have a primary rating for PTSO; 85 percent of veterans who achieved rehabilitation from an employment plan in Cohurts I and II are currently still employed, and veterans who successfully complete the VR&E program report more positive economic outcomes, higher employment rates, annual earnings, and more frequent homeownership.    Mr. Chairman, we will continue to assess and improve the delivery of VR&E services, and we remain focused on transforming VR&E. This concludes my statement. I would be pleased to answer your questions.    Mr. Kammerer. I am sorry, Mr. Chairman. I didn't hear the second question. I heard the 1 to 125.    Mr. Kammerer. I would have to look at the numbers, Mr. Chairman. I haven't analyzed the numbers. I would say our caseload right now for fiscal year 2014, our average caseload was 135 per counselor. As of the end of May, it was 139 per counselor. It is--as I testified in my opening statement, the number of participants has grown about 10 percent in the last 2 years. So I think that right now we are on estimate to exceed the participants from last year. So I think that explains the growing caseload, and it is something I will take a look at to answer your questions.    Mr. Kammerer. That is a great question, Mr. Chairman. The counselors are supported by support staff. It is not robust, but the fact is, as you mentioned, we are trying to reduce the administrative burden on the counselors through a variety of means. But one of those is the new case management system that you described. The next is to look at new case management procedures to streamline the process, whether it is Lean Six or other means that we are looking into. In our conference last month, we presented some simplified case management flows to the counselors to help them. And then work studies, volunteers. We do have contract support, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Kammerer. It depends on each regional office, Mr. Chairman. I can get you the breakdown per regional office. As I mentioned, it is a very small support staff that supports the counselors. The counselors do a lot of the administrative processing in terms of the caseload for their veterans. The support staff assists with the processing of the applications, but the case management itself is a very counselor-intensive process.    Mr. Kammerer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Kammerer. Yes, sir. I will certainly follow-up and get you more detailed information on that. And I certainly concur with your thought that the bottom line is we need to ensure consistent service delivery, and we need to make sure we understand what is going on in each individual office. Because, as I mentioned, the caseload per counselor is an average, but each office has individual circumstances.    Mr. Kammerer. Yes, sir.    Mr. Kammerer. Yes, sir. That is a great question. As I mentioned in my opening statement, we currently have 79 VSOC counselors at 94 locations. The VSOC counselors, they are trained vocational rehabilitation counselors with a master's in counseling. They have a separate performance standard, and one of their performance elements is to conduct outreach and to connect with veterans. And the thought is--and on our 94 campuses, we serve about 78,000 veterans.    Last year we connected with about 29,000 veterans, Mr. Takano, first time, and about 28,000 returning veterans. So as part of their duties, they are supposed to conduct outreach. We are very aggressive about connecting with veterans. And then once we connect with those veterans, we provide them information on the range of VA benefits and services.    And your specific question was do we help them with vocational rehab employment. The answer is in some cases, they may become our clients. In other case, they are our clients. Or in other cases, they may need Chapter 36 or other support. So we try to reach them, and we try to connect and help them.    Mr. Kammerer. It is an excellent question, sir. Thank you for that question.    We have certainly reinforced our content in the Transition Assistance Program about vocational rehabilitation and employment. As I mentioned in our statement, we have also provided additional updated content recently about Chapter 36 to make sure we reach veterans transitioning servicemembers about that.    But the bottom line is we need to make sure that we provide the best information we can to transitioning servicemembers in TAP, or even in the refresher online, or even in the IDES program. As I mentioned, we have nearly 200 counselors out there working on installations. But we need to make sure that we present the information about the VR&E program.    In some cases, Mr. Takano, as you know, a veteran--as you heard in the previous testimony, would make a choice between the GI Bill or applying for VR&E. And then once they apply for vocational rehab and employment, as was previously testified, there is an eligibility and entitlement decision to be made, and the veteran then applies, needs to be eligible with a 10 percent or 20 percent disability, and the entitlement decision, as you know, is based on the employment barrier that that veteran may or may not have, based on their service-connected disability.    Mr. Kammerer. Yes, sir. That is a great question.    If you are using your GI Bill and later determine that you would like to apply for VR&E, we can certainly serve you. We still would have to go through the eligibility and entitlement. And then, certainly, once you are eligible and entitled, as you heard in previous testimony, our counselors certainly have a wide range of resources to support the veteran going through their education. About over 60 percent of our clients last year were in education and training programs and our counselors have a robust number of means available to assist those veterans in going through their education experiences.    Mr. Kammerer. Thank you, sir. That is a great question.    I think I would need to get you a detailed answer for the record based on the longitudinal study. And I would point out also, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, the longitudinal study is going through the concurrence process and is headed up here for submission this year for our fifth year.    To answer your question about discontinuations based on a longitudinal study, I think that there is a variety of factors, in general. You know, again, the veteran, in some cases, chooses to discontinue based on his or her personal circumstances. Many--and we talked about--or you talked about in previous testimony the point was made about the 90 percent of veterans that were moderately- to highly-satisfied that we found this year, that includes the veterans that discontinued this year.    Last year it was 90 percent, nearly 90 percent, not including the veterans that discontinued. So we saw in the longitudinal study this year a pretty high satisfaction rate. I think it was approaching 70 percent for those veterans that discontinued. So it appears, at least in initial analysis, that veterans have healthy relationships with their counselors that are getting services. I think, number one, is a choice, some of them discontinue; number two, it could be possible that some of those veterans decided to not continue with the rehabilitation plan and just seek employment or gain employment on their own. But I will get you detailed answer for the record or more detailed answers on that.    Mr. Kammerer. That is a great question. I would take, for the record, the number of schools that have actually requested a VSOC, ma'am. We have that available. We have done detailed analysis, and we certainly maintain a list of schools that we would like to serve with VSOC counselors, certainly with resources permitting, and we do that analysis all the time. It is complete. It is ongoing analysis. And you have a great point. You know, there are many thousands of schools that are supported by the GI Bill, and there are many, many thousands of veterans that are attending college on those campuses, and we are only serving at this point the 94 schools.    So we have also looked at a number of things. I was in a meeting yesterday. We are looking at how would we provide VSOC support online, because, as you know, ma'am, there are many veterans and many servicemembers take advantage of educational opportunities online. So it is an obvious question, how much you provide support to veterans that are attending school online.    We have done a pilot at the University of Iowa to develop some exportable content that we might be able to provide some instruction to schools to use it to better serve and help veterans particularly on the employment side. So it is certainly something my boss, Deputy Under Secretary Coy has a very--as you know, a very dedicated interest to serving veterans on campus, and we strongly look at opportunities for the VSOC program. And we do--and we will get you the detailed list of schools that have asked for VSOCers. But the bottom line is we look at a number of criteria, including one of the things we like to do is serve as many veterans as possible, ma'am. But the partnering that you mentioned is so important in that, and we have a number of schools where we do partner, where a VSOC counselor will serve multiple schools to serve as many veterans as possible. And that model, ma'am, works pretty well, although it certainly does put a challenge on the counselor serving multiple locations, but I think we try to manage that geographically.    Mr. Kammerer. Let me answer your first question first, ma'am. As I mentioned in my opening statement, and you will see the longitudinal study shortly, there is very detailed data in the longitudinal study that indicates for the 2010, 2012, and 2014 cohorts on or about 25 percent of the veterans that were studied in those 3 years, those 3 cohort years, had PTSD. And certainly, PTSD is not the only mental health challenge that we are talking about here. It is very, very important to us to make sure that our counselors are trained and aware and our other employees are aware of these challenges for veterans. We deployed training last year to all the VR&E staff that we worked with the--we partner, and the question was asked earlier with VHA. We partner with VHA, particularly with the mental health side. We are partnering right now with Dr. Stacey Pollack, who is one of the national PTSD experts, and it is very, very critical to us to continue to support our veterans along those aspects as you talked about.    So the longitudinal study indicates the criticality of what you mentioned, ma'am. We are partnering with VHA on the mental health side. We have fielded additional training, and it is very, very important. The question of who we serve with less than honorable, certainly, you know--another thing I should have mentioned too, it wasn't really your question, but we also work with VHA on the homeless side, because some of the homeless veterans could, in fact, as you well know, ma'am, be eligible for VR&E services. So----    Mr. Kammerer. On the housing side, that is really the purview of VHA and the homeless program. As you mentioned, ma'am, I think--and my boss reminds me all the time, that the E in VR&E is for employment. So I think that our piece to that is we are working on the--with the homeless team in terms of identifying those veterans, that those homeless veterans, that they are working with, to achieve the housing side of it, and then if they are potentially eligible and entitled for VR&E services, that we would work with them with a counselor and then work with them on the employment side.    So I think the employment part for us is the critical part, but I think the key thing to your question is that we do closely partner with VHA on the homeless team. And most of that--or a lot of that happens at the local level as well in terms of that partnership, you know, in your district or where there are VHA facilities that have the operational homeless teams identifying the potential clients that they could refer to VR&E as they are assisting them in their needs, we would assist them.    Again, many of them would be eligible and entitled for VR&E, as you pointed out, and we would want to connect with them. And as you know, ma'am, in some cases, connecting with them could be a challenge, but we work with VHA to make sure we do that.    Mr. Kammerer. Lisa Pape, the director of the VHA homeless program came and talked to our VR&E officers last year, and we partner with her closely and the teams. But, again, as I mentioned, as you pointed out, the interactions are local, and we have to make sure that--and we are working to make sure that our counselors at the local level and officers at the local level are partnering through VBA and VHA to make sure we make those connections with the potential veterans that could benefit from our services. Because, as you pointed out, housing is a piece of that, but employment is a critical task.