    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for calling the hearing as part of the subcommittee's ongoing work on drinking water issues.    Safe drinking water is a serious issue in our district as it is likely for every member of this subcommittee. Small and rural water systems face a number of very serious challenges and do not have the customer base to finance serious infrastructure repairs they need.    Customers of public water systems in the country should be able to count on safety of the water coming out of their taps whether they live in a rural area, cities or suburbs.    My question to the panelists, first of all, I have a very urban area but I also represent an unincorporated area that will not be annexed by our major cities because the property wealth is so low it would cost more to serve those areas with streets and water and sewer than it is to--so they are actually hemmed in by cities.    And we have been able in the past to use assistance with matching funds to be able to bring down some of--from--for even very small urban water systems.    How can consolidation help small and rural water systems, for example, in whether it be a rural area like Mississippi or even in an urban area like I have?    Mr. Green. Well, our situation we have done that. City of Houston has been able to--of course, you have to bring money to the table to make sure the city taxpayers are not doing it, but they would sell the water.    Of course, in our area we still use ground water but mostly it is surface water because it is decided for the last 60 years and flooding issues.    Mr. Stewart, when you testified before the subcommittee in February you mentioned several alternative service delivery approaches including sharing services, cooperative operations and management consolidation. How can these alternative approaches help small systems achieve better compliance? Is it--is there some bureaucratic rule that you can't do it or is it just a matter of----    Mr. Green. OK. Last Congress, our subcommittee introduced legislation, the AQUA Act, that would expand the definition of restricting for the SRF, the State revolving fund program, to explicitly include cooperative partnerships and joint personal agreements and consolidation.    Mr. Stewart, would you support that change?    Mr. Green. And, again, in Texas there are challenges confronting water systems in my own State that are unique compared to other States, although I would compare some of my rural areas in east Texas with Mississippi--same problems.    Are there differences and challenges confronting rural water systems and small systems in urbanized areas like that are found in my north and east Houston--Harris County area--between a rural system and an urban system?    Mr. Green. Well, and most of the surface water we are getting is owned by the city of Houston, by the way.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the testimony and our witnesses.