    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here.    And the authorization that the President submitted to Congress lists one terrorist group in two countries. I have got a Defense Intelligence Agency report right here that is unclassified that says that we are chasing 41 terrorist groups in 24 countries. And I think that one of my concerns, or I know one of my concerns, and I think other people's concerns, with the way the authorization is drafted is, what if they simply change their name or what if they simply cross borders into another country?    The other thing that I would point out is that the President had the authority several months ago, when we first saw the ISIL convoys, to take action at that stage and he chose not to, and I think that one of the reasons that we are in the situation we are today is because they were indecisive at that point, and quite honestly, it is almost like they let them kill enough people that now all of a sudden they have to do something about it.    I want to go back to 2011 for a second. The decision was made to take Gaddafi out, yet the United States did not secure the weapons in Libya. I would like to know what do you think happened to the weapons in Libya when Gaddafi was removed, since we did not go into the country and secure them?    The other thing I would suggest is that the U.S., through the State Department, for years has been undermining Assad and the central government of Syria. That, to me, seems to have been one of the things that has allowed these terrorist groups to grow.    And then finally, I would like--and, General, this may be more of a question for you because of your military experience, what does the hold force look like? I have no idea that we can move these terrorists out of any territory that we choose to move them out of, but what does the hold force look like to hold that territory? Because if we can't hold it this time, we are simply going to be right back in there again.    General Keane. Okay. Well, that is a mouthful. Let me try to get to you with some of it and hopefully leave some time for others. But, you know, in terms of the enemy itself, I think saying ``ISIS'' and also putting the word ``associates'' in there clearly sends a message that this is--ISIS, as I tried to show you on ISW's map, clearly has intent and is moving outside of ISIS, the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham, which is essentially the Levant. And you would not want to restrict the President geographically or in terms of what this enemy calls itself and who it is affiliated with.    It doesn't mean that on that map that is in front of you that we would obviously be dealing with ISIS in all of those countries. I think we would have to give the President a lot more credit than that. But the fact of the matter is, if we wanted to conduct a counterterrorism operation against ISIS in Libya because al-Sisi asked us to do that, and we want to do it together, and we have got good reason to do it, that may be something the President would want to consider and we would want him to have the flexibility to do that.    Mr. Scott. Do you agree that he has the authorization to do that today?    General Keane. He could do it today.    Mr. Scott. Absolutely. I agree with you----    General Keane. I agree with that, but I also think that this document, because this is a protracted war and because of who this enemy is and the scale of it, I do believe the AUMF is appropriate.    And weapons in Libya, look at three times we have made the same mistake. We went into Afghanistan, Iraq, and Libya, deposed a government, and never had very good plans----    Mr. Scott. Yes, sir.    General Keane . To deal with the aftermath of that in terms of establishing security and stability. We have made the same mistake three times.    In Libya the only thing that--and we had a moderate government that took over, much to our surprise. The only thing that moderate government asked of us is, ``Help me put together an effective security force so I can tamp down the militant organizations that are in my country.''    Our answer to that was, ``No.'' And look where we are now. Our embassy is gone, they have killed our Ambassador, they burned our consulate down, and we have got chaos in that country.    The weapons in Libya we did take control, I mean, some--I can't get into the classified aspect of it, but the Central Intelligence Agency did have an operation that they conducted in Libya to take control of a lot of sensitive weapons. I am not talking about AK-47s and RPGs ; talking about WMD and other weapons.    Mr. Scott. I am out of time. I would suggest that a better word for what happened to our Ambassador in Libya was an assassination. The idea that that just kind of happened is absolutely ridiculous, and the facts show that that was an absolute assassination of a United States Ambassador.    General Keane. Quickly, on the hold force: If all we do is clear out ISIS from Mosul, Tikrit, and Fallujah, and don't have a force that stays there to protect it and that is effective, this is the number one lesson we learned prior to putting in play the counterinsurgency operations in Baghdad and the environs around it. We would routinely clear forces out and then they would come back in because we did not hold control of the territory and maintain influence and control over the people.    If we don't do that, they for certain are going to come back. This is a determined, resolute force. They are not going to go someplace else. They are going to come back.    And we have to have that capability there, and that is--I think that is something you can explore with General Austin. I am sure he has got a plan for it.    The Chairman. Ms. Gabbard.