    Mr. Davis. This joint hearing of the Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research, and the Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, regarding defending American Agriculture against foreign pests and diseases, will come to order.    Thank you all for being here today. I would like to begin our opening statements, and wish each of you a good morning. I had the chance to meet you before the hearing, so thank you again for being here.    I am pleased to be here alongside my good friend and fellow Chairman, David Rouzer, the Chairman of the Subcommittee on Livestock and Foreign Agriculture, and I would like to thank him for this joint hearing in which we are going to highlight efforts to defend American agriculture against the introduction of foreign pests and diseases.    This hearing is the third in a series of hearings through which the Committee has been examining the significance of agriculture to our nation's security.    As Chairman of the Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research, it has been my honor to host hearings focusing on the extraordinary efforts of industry and academia that have led to the development, production, and marketing of an array of safe, wholesome, and affordable food. We have been blessed in this country with abundance, though we recognize that food insecurity is still a very real problem around the world and even within our own communities.    My colleagues and I understand the continuing need for Federal policies that promote and facilitate global food security for the benefit of our own national security. A significant component of ensuring food security is the capability to defend agricultural enterprises against the persistent threat of pest and disease introductions. Whether pests and diseases are introduced intentionally or unintentionally, we need to have the systems in place to detect and respond rapidly so that we can effectively control and eradicate these threats.    Through the Agricultural Quarantine Inspection Program, jointly operated by the USDA and DHS, we have the capacity for inspection, detection, and rapid response to pest and disease threats.    Today, we will be examining this program and how our continued investment in such functions is critical to protecting animal and plant health. It is our hope that our colleagues outside this Committee understand the real threats we face, and why it is so important that we continue to strengthen our investment in our critical agricultural infrastructure.    Mr. Davis. It is now my pleasure to yield to the Ranking Member of the Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research Subcommittee, my good friend and colleague, Ms. DelBene.OPENING STATEMENT OF HON. SUZAN K. DelBENE, A REPRESENTATIVE IN     Mr. Davis. Thank you, Ranking Member DelBene.    This is a first for me to be able to co-chair a hearing with my good friend, who is usually sitting directly in front of me and hiding me from the witnesses. So to be side-by-side with Mr. Rouzer, I now know that his head doesn't look nearly as big as it does when it is in front of me.    So I would like to yield to the Chairman of the Livestock and Foreign Agriculture Subcommittee, Mr. Rouzer.    Mr. Davis. Thank you to Mr. Costa.    And we are proud to be joined today by the Chairman of the full House Agriculture Committee, who I would like to now recognize to give any statement he wishes.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Chairman, Chairman.    The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin their testimony, and to ensure that there is ample time for questions.    The chair would like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of their arrival. I appreciate Members' understanding.    Witnesses are reminded to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements will be included in the record. Over the course of today's hearing, following the testimony of the witnesses, everyone at the table will be able and will be available to answer any questions.    And now I would like to again welcome our witnesses to the table.    I would like to introduce Mr. Kevin Shea, the Administrator of the USDA, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, right here in Washington, D.C., and to give his opening statements. And I know he is accompanied today by Mr. Osama El-Lissy, Deputy Administrator, APHIS Plant Protection and Quarantine, and Dr. Jack Shere, Acting Chief Veterinarian Officer and Deputy Administrator, APHIS Veterinary Service.    So, Mr. Shea, please go ahead.       Ph.D., ACTING CHIEF VETERINARY OFFICER AND DEPUTY     Mr. Davis. Thank you, Administrator Shea.    Now we are proud to be joined today by Mr. Kevin Harriger, the Executive Director of Agriculture Programs and Trade Liaison in the Office of Field Operations, with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection here in Washington, D.C. And Mr. Harriger is accompanied by Ms. Kristi Currier, an Agriculture Specialist at the CBP, and also hiding under the desk, Agriculture Products Detection Canine Calan, who is in Dulles, Virginia, on regular occasion. I know you might be going over your 5 minutes, and I want to let you know, sir, that that is completely fine, because you are going to give us a little bit of a demonstration during your opening testimony. And I would like to welcome you to offer that testimony.    Mr. Davis. Now, that was great. Let the record show the first hit on a contraband mango was with Chairman Conaway. So thank you both.    Did you have any more testimony, Mr. Harriger?    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Harriger.    Now we are going to go into the question and answer session. I will start with one question and then let my colleagues begin to ask questions too.    And, Mr. Harriger, I mean we really do appreciate you being here today, but you have truly been upstaged by Calan and Officer Currier today. I can tell you, I didn't realize that you couldn't bring beef jerky into the country. So that was something that I learned today.    Can I ask Officer Currier a quick question about Officer Calan?    Mr. Davis. Is that okay?    Mr. Davis. I don't wish to put you on the spot, Officer Currier, first of all, it would be rude for us not to thank you for your service and the way that you have brought an animal like Officer Calan to be able to do the things that he is doing, and I enjoyed you letting me break protocol today and pet him. I know if I see you at a port of entry, I will not do that again. But I really appreciate you protecting American agriculture. And we know the Beagle Brigade has many, many success stories, and could you share just a couple of your experiences with your successes with the Beagle Brigade and Officer Calan?    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Officer Currier. And very interesting. I would have never thought of the llama story, but I can image that you get something new every day.    And I would like to ask you for a bag of those meat treats, because if they work so well for Officer Calan, they might work in getting us to vote for certain things out here too.    Mr. Davis. You don't think so? Okay. We will take the beef jerky instead.    I am going to yield back the balance of my time, because I can ask some questions later, and get to the rest of my colleagues here.    I would like to yield to the Ranking Member, Ms. DelBene, for her questions.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Ms. DelBene.    Chairman Rouzer.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Chairman Rouzer.    I would now like to recognize our colleague from the great State of Florida, Ms. Graham, for her questions.    Mr. Davis. Thank you, Representative Graham.    I would like to now recognize Chairman Austin Scott.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I appreciate the comment about the agricultural industry being profitable. Obviously, if it is not, then it won't be here, and some of our agencies maybe don't share that concern sometimes.    One of the things that you have detected, and this is back in 2010, was the pest that is the cottonseed bug. You detected it in the Florida Keys. Can you give us an update on what has happened with the cottonseed bug?