    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you Chairwoman Comstock for holding this hearing and welcome to the witnesses today. Today we'll be discussing cybersecurity breaches at two IRS online service portals.    Just about every American can expect to interact with the IRS during his or her life, and the agency's responsibilities make it privy to significant amounts of personal information about all of these individuals. Consequently, the data breaches at the IRS are particularly troubling and we should closely examine what the IRS has done wrong when it comes to protecting the personal information of Americans, how it can do better in regard to cybersecurity, and what Congress can do to better support IRS cybersecurity efforts. In meeting their obligation to pay taxes, Americans should have confidence that the IRS is taking all possible steps to protect them from cyber thieves.    Cybersecurity remains an evolving challenge across federal agencies as well as the private sector. Standards that were leading edge a year ago may be outdated today. Security is not a one-time goal to be achieved and placed on autopilot; it is a process that requires vigilance, continual learning, and fast dissemination of critical information to prevent and respond to new threats. While no entity, public or private, can protect data with 100 percent certainty, we must be nimble in learning from failures or missteps in cybersecurity policies and procedures.    To this end, we should heed the careful and detailed recommendations of the GAO and the Inspectors General. We must also ensure that decisions on cybersecurity policies are backed by a process that supports accountability, robust and forward-looking decision-making, and a clear sense of the consequences that can stem from data security failures.    Unfortunately, it is not at all apparent from the recent breaches at the IRS that the agency's policies were governed by such a comprehensive process. The two breaches that we are discussing today--the Get Transcript application and the Identity Protection PIN application--should not be viewed in isolation. Both of these breaches were facilitated in part by the same security weakness, namely the overreliance on out-of-the-wallet questions derived from credit report data. While in principle the answers to such questions should only be known by taxpayers, in practice they can often be guessed or uncovered from sources such as social media or websites compiling public record data. As a result, a breach in one application should have tipped off the IRS that the other was vulnerable as well. Yet the agency continued to make online IP PIN retrieval available long after shutting down the Get Transcript application because of security concerns. Further, the agency continued to do so even after the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration warned the IRS to shut down the IP PIN tool as well.    We must get clarity on what steps the IRS is taking to ensure internal information sharing so that any breaches and their implications are quickly assessed across the entire organization and not just separate units or staff dealing directly with a problem at hand. Further, we must examine why the IRS ignored or deprioritized the TIGTA recommendation to shut down the IP PIN tool. Simply put, given how one breach built on the other, this should not have occurred.    In the context of this hearing, it is important to talk about NIST, an agency that this Subcommittee has jurisdiction over. NIST plays an important role in developing technical standards and providing expert advice to agencies across the government as they carry out their responsibilities under the Federal Information Security Management Act, or FISMA.    It is clear that the IRS did not follow the risk analysis or cybersecurity and authentication standards set by NIST when it set up these portals. The most important question is ``why?'' Was it a lacking--was it a lack of understanding of the standards? In this case, we need to have NIST here to talk about the standards and how to make them more clear. Or are there technical barriers to implementing the NIST standards at all? In this case, we need to have information on why these applications were allowed to go live in the first place. Or was this a strategic decision driven by tradeoffs between consumer convenience and security? These were put online to make the experience of taxpayers with the IRS better and easier. But if that's the case, we must be clear: the IRS has a unique role among federal agencies and holds information on taxpayers that few others have. Protection of taxpayer data must be a top-level priority, and we must work to ensure that a breach of this nature doesn't happen again.    Finally, I'd like to note that successful data security efforts depend on agencies being able to hire experienced cybersecurity professionals as well as having budgetary resources specifically directed toward security infrastructure. While some security failures at the IRS raise oversight questions about decision-making protocols at the management level, we also cannot ignore that successful implementation of good security practices costs money. Although this is beyond the scope of our Committee's jurisdiction, I am concerned that Congress has yet to reauthorize IRS's streamlined critical pay authority which helps the agency compete with the private sector for top cybersecurity talent. And as Congress makes funding decisions for the coming fiscal year, we must ensure that we provide resources to match current IT-specific needs.    I look forward to this morning's discussion, and I yield back the balance of my time    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    I want to say I'm--no one's happy here having to do their taxes right now, and fortunately my wife's an actuary and she takes over those duties. She'll be working on finishing this weekend. But I'm not here to beat up the IRS. I don't want to beat up the IRS. It's not my purpose. It's not because of the TV cameras here. But I think we need to know what has gone wrong and why, and get a guarantee that that is not going to happen again.    Now, there's no 100 percent guarantee of security. We know that. We have to accept that. We strive for that, hopefully everyone should be striving for that in both the public and private sector, but there's no 100 percent guarantee.    But I want to understand the reasons for the issues that Mr. George and Mr. Wilshusen had--the issues that they brought up such as the IRS didn't use the multifactor authentication, that the risk assessment wasn't done for IP PIN, and on top of that, there were two requests from TIGTA before IP PIN was taken down, and that there are 94 recommendations from GAO that have yet to be implemented. Why have these things happened? Is it a lack of understanding of the NIST standards, technical requirements? Is it a lack of ability within the IRS to do cybersecurity correctly? What is it that caused these issues in the past and why should we sit here and believe that those same things are not going to happen in the future, or is there something--is there anything wrong with what we've heard about these issues in the past? Is anything incorrect about those or did those happen, and why should we expect that they're not going to happen in the future?    Mr. Lipinski. My time is up right now. Hopefully we'll have a chance for a second round and we'll follow up on that and get the IG and GAO's response to any of that. Thank you.    Chairwoman Comstock. And I now recognize the Chairman for five minutes.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. There's a couple things I wanted to go back to that have been mentioned. First, I want to ask--and the Commissioner said that there'd been no breaches of the database. Is that the understanding, Mr. George, Mr. Wilshusen----    Mr. Lipinski. --your understanding?    Mr. Lipinski. Okay.    Mr. Lipinski. Do you have any--Mr. Wilshusen, any knowledge of----    Mr. Lipinski. Okay. And the Commissioner had talked about back in 2011, 2012 when these apps were being--online apps were being developed, that the NIST technical requirements were lower at that time. Now, first of all, is--Mr. George, is that your--because you had talked about them not meeting the requirements. Is that your understanding of how this happened?    Mr. Lipinski. So, Commissioner, so was there a decision made to go forward with less cybersecurity, less security protection than the NIST requirements?    Mr. Lipinski. Well, I want to--well, Mr. George had said that a risk assessment was not done for IP PIN. Is that correct, Mr. George? Is that----    Mr. Lipinski. Okay.    Mr. Lipinski. Okay.    Mr. Lipinski. The risk assessment----    Mr. Lipinski. --in your opinion, it seems like, from experience, was not----    Mr. Lipinski. --was--okay. I'll just use your words. They made the wrong call. But there was a--so it wasn't just a--because back in 2011, 2012 that NIST wasn't saying you should have more. Obviously, after that and when this was in place NIST was saying there should be higher requirements if this needs level 3, if this reaches level 3, and it would seem that it would because of the, you know--the type of information that's at risk here. But the decision was made by the IRS to--because of the inconvenience, that that wouldn't be required.    Now, is there a different opinion now moving forward on this? And I think this is important not just for the IRS but across federal agencies about having a risk assessment that, you know, seems to be obviously in hindsight certainly and maybe in foresight it should have an obvious that there should have been a level 3 situation.    Mr. Lipinski. Mr. George?    Mr. Lipinski. But I think sort of the bottom line of this part right here, not just for the IRS but for all departments, agencies across federal government is to do a good risk assessment and to continue to consider that--reconsider that and where it's been as things move very quickly. And I think it's very important that that does occur everywhere as we move forward.    So thank you. I yield back.