    Mr. Hanna. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Conner, maybe you could elaborate on exactly what a risk-based approach is, because it sounds as though there is some margin there that is different than absolute perfection.    Mr. Hanna. You want more responsibility over----    Mr. Hanna . Certain items?    Mr. Hanna. Let me ask you about Airbus for a minute.    Mr. Hanna. They have a different system over there. How do you feel that you have--do you have a competitive advantage or disadvantage, and how does the FAA play into that for your whole company?    Mr. Hanna. So safe to say that you are at somewhat of a competitive disadvantage?    Mr. Hanna. I understand.    Mr. Hanna. Uh-huh. Thank you, Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Hanna. Thank you. Mr. Hart, Ms. Baker, I have Griffiss Air Force base, the former Griffiss Air Force base, my district, and as you know, it is one of the six sites selected for UAS tests, and it is becoming a little obvious that the FAA really hasn't done the rulemaking to allow them to move forward in the way that people anticipated because the questions that they need to answer really haven't even been asked yet, if that is fair, and that is a question.    Given your experience with the FAA certification process and all these challenges, how do you plan on doing that, assuming it hasn't been done, and I don't think it has. How do we take advantage of these test sites? And what are you going to do--there is an estimated 500,000 of these devices in the country. How are you going to manage all that knowing that other countries are already using them, some of them Japan, for example, 20 years, and it is a tremendous opportunity for this country for all the reasons that, you know, I don't need to go into, and you are already busy and these sites are, for lack of a better word, they have the potential to linger and yet we have got a lot invested in them. I guess the question is what is going on? What can we anticipate? And how are you going to take advantage of Griffiss and help it grow?    Mr. Hanna. But it doesn't feel like the FAA is up to the challenge right now, that they are behind. Would you believe--do you believe that? I mean, is that fair?    Mr. Hanna. You don't think Iowa has a lot of open space?    Mr. Hanna. I mean, you don't think--where I live, they are taking advantage of these other countries to monitor vineyards, which we have, monitor animals.    Mr. Hanna. It doesn't--and these things are very controllable. I just wonder if there isn't a way to expedite the use of these at certain elevations, and I am familiar with the Supreme Court ruling, but my time has come to an end here but--yes, sir.    Mr. Hanna. There is a huge demand, yeah, and Griffiss Air Force base is waiting, you know.    Mr. Hanna. Thank you very much. My time is expired.