    Mr. DeLaCruz. Thank you, Chairman Fleming, Ranking Member Huffman and members of this subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to address you to promote the proposed Gulf States Red Snapper Management Authority Act. My name is Jason DeLaCruz, I am a commercial spear fisherman and a fish house owner in Madeira Beach, Florida.    Let me start by saying that I cannot support this proposal, and neither can the commercial fishermen and seafood suppliers in Florida and Texas that I speak for today. H.R. 3094 will undermine the commercial fishing businesses and our ability to provide the American people with sustainably-harvested red snapper. My message here today is consistent to what we have heard from the commercial industry from day one. I cannot support state management of the commercial red snapper fishery in the Gulf of Mexico.    Our fish house, Wild Seafood Company, handles more than three-quarters of a million pounds of fish. My business is made up of 15 boats, 50 captains and crew, and 15 staff. I also sell bait, tackle, and ice to the recreational public at my marina.    When I am not at the dock or in the water, I am improving the way fisheries management is handled in our Gulf. I am a member on the Fishery Advisory Panel for the Gulf Council and am part of the Fishery Advisory Committee for Congressman Jolly in my local county. I am also the Vice President of the Gulf of Mexico Reef Fish Shareholders' Alliance, and the Executive Director of Gulf Wild, two industries working hard to improve fishery management and also seafood traceability in the Gulf.    Sometimes I wish for simpler days, when I just got to go spearfishing and do what I love. But being a fisherman today is not just about catching fish any more, it is about finding solutions to preserve the long-term health of our fisheries and our business. To that end, I would like to address three points.    My first point is that commercial fishing is a success under the Magnuson-Stevens Act and should not be turned over to the Gulf states. Magnuson-Stevens is the bipartisan backbone of the management system and the reason that we have a rebounding red snapper fishery today. Strict rebuilding requirements, mandatory accountability measures, and a common core of conservation have tripled the commercial quota in the last 10 years, as a testament to its effectiveness as a Federal fisheries law.    The new commercial program, that was put in place in 2007, has kept us remaining within our quota and our science-based quotas, and fishing year-round. Fishing businesses are profitable, the flow of fish in the marketplace is stable and growing, and the fishing and shoreside jobs are being promoted. Don't undermine this by turning this fishery over to the Gulf states.    The second point is that this bill threatens the commercial fishery and the seafood supply chain. H.R. 3094 opens up loopholes that will erode the commercial fishery. It will allow three individuals to eliminate 10 percent of the red snapper fishery every year without discussing it with the Gulf Council, a stakeholder group that, as we know, is accessible by all stakeholders. All five states already voted to take red snapper away from the commercial fishermen and the consumers earlier this year, so why would we think that anything would be any different under the state management?    H.R. 3094 leaves too much to chance. It does not define what is meant by a satisfactory enforcement plan, nor does it define what necessary measures it would use to rebuild the fishery. It only explains that public participation will be adequate. Commercial fishermen are not willing to gamble our businesses on the weakened enforcement, diminished rebuilding measures, and restricted public access to the system.    The third point is that H.R. 3094 sets a dangerous, controversial precedent. The conversation is not just about red snapper, it is about setting a precedent where states can eliminate the commercial fishery. Over 40 commercial fishing organizations on the east and west coasts of the United States and Alaska have come out against state takeover. These organizations represent thousands of commercial fishermen and tens of millions of pounds of commercially-important seafood. These fishermen all oppose this plan.    In conclusion, we want to remain under the Federal fishery management protections and conservation requirements of the Magnuson-Stevens Act. H.R. 3094 threatens our business and sets a controversial precedent to impact fishermen and seafood consumers everywhere. Every fisherman from regions known to this--know this is a bad idea. We cannot support H.R. 3094. Thank you.    Mr. DeLaCruz. Yes, that is exactly what it is. So if it closes for one sector, it closes for both, the way the plan is written now. So even if one sector is working within their boundaries, and doing everything they probably can, but one sector goes over, and the determination is made by the group, then that entire state gets shut down.    Mr. DeLaCruz. At the last Gulf Council--actually, two Gulf Council meetings ago--there was a vote on amendment 28. And even though the methodology and the science that was used in that process, they had not completely vetted, the vote was to push to remove 5 percent, or the swing all together was 3\1/2\ percent, over to the recreational sector.    The vote was really very clear across party lines. All the states voted in that direction without unequivocal doubt. As a matter of fact, the Council itself, being the fact that all the Council members are actually picked by state governors, is controlled almost solely by the states. So it kind of breeds the question as to why is this even necessary, if the Council already has a good enough control over----    Mr. DeLaCruz. As a matter of fact, I did.    Mr. DeLaCruz. I actually was a very small participant in the fishery. I bought my first reef fish permit in 2006, when I was commercially spearfishing.    Mr. DeLaCruz. I bought the Federal reef fish permit. It is a limited-access permit, so it had a certain amount of value. It was about $8,000 or $9,000, and that permit was going to allow me to catch about 1,500 pounds of fish a year.    I had to invest in the fishery, so I took out a second mortgage on my house, like any person in the world that is going to invest in a business does, and I went out and pursued----    Mr. DeLaCruz. Well, no, no, no. I did not get 15,000, I got 1,500 pounds, and it was not snapper----    Mr. DeLaCruz . It was a mixture of fish across the thing. By the time that I had moved into the fishery, there actually was no snapper already allocated, it was grouper. So if you want to place a value on that, I promise you that the value that I spent was a lot more than what that permit was worth.    Mr. DeLaCruz. Yes, it trades--exactly. There is an allocation of assessed value, but it depends on whether you do that. I land most of those fish on the boats that I own. So myself, and then other people that fish for me, just like any other business.    Mr. DeLaCruz. Well, the guy working on the assembly line in Ohio is completely out of luck, because the only way he gets that product is when I send it to him. And he gets it about 9 days a year----    Mr. DeLaCruz. It is the same exact thing.    Mr. DeLaCruz. Well, the reasonable fishing season could be achieved in other manners.    Mr. DeLaCruz. On the 15 boats that fish in my fishery, I have 4 boats that have a video monitoring system. We are working with Mote Marine Laboratories in Sarasota to actually try to understand our bycatch mechanisms, and how that happens, and how we can evolve it, and to see if we can actually move video monitoring into a full-scale system. It is actually the second time I have done it. I had it on four boats, then we changed the system and I moved it to three boats.    I also have four boats right now that I am working with NOAA specifically on that actually have electronic log books, where we are tracking our landings by spot, each and every spot, to develop a better understanding of what the carrying capacity is in the Gulf. The biggest toll on those stock assessments is we do not actually know how much bottom is usable to maintain the stock. So, we are helping solve that problem with both of those.    Mr. DeLaCruz. Yes. It could definitely be increased, if the stock assessment was there. But one of the things that keeps getting missed in this conversation, is the fact that most of the state data collection is the input into the stock assessment, and the stock assessment process happens with oversight from state biologists. The head of the FWC sits on the committee that does the stock assessment for red snapper. So our state is already vehemently involved. So, we are building a bill here that does not----