    Mr. Duncan. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gruenberg, I have a letter from the Tennessee Bankers Association which says: Among the key factors that are both restricting new banks and driving consolidation are the ability to attract the very high levels of capital required to start a new bank, and for that matter, the high levels of capital required after imposition of the Dodd-Frank Act and the new Basel 3 requirements.    And secondly, the regulatory burden imposed by the Dodd-Frank act, which requires significant resources to be directed simply toward compliance issues. And I really heard that second matter for many bankers, but you talk about these high capital requirements.    I heard Mr. Browning say that his people had $30 million they were planning to put into this bank, and I'm wondering, can you give me a rough guess? I've been provided by staff saying that there was only one new bank approved in 2013 and one in 2015.    In the last 3 years, let's say, or 3 or 4 years, how much capital have these new banks that--two or three new banks that have been approved, how much capital have they come up with?    Mr. Duncan. Well, how much capital do you require just generally?    Mr. Duncan. Eight percent of what?    Mr. Duncan. Well, you may need to take another look at it if nobody's applying for new banks anymore or they're not getting any approved.    Let me ask another question real quick before my time goes out. I know when they passed the Dodd-Frank law, and I was here then, the people who supported it said they were doing it to get back at the big banks and Wall Street firms that led us into the recession. Yet 2 years ago, George Mason University released a report that said that since the financial crisis, U.S. banking assets and deposits have continued to consolidate in a handful of large banks. The five largest banks now hold 44 percent of U.S. banking assets compared to 23-and-a-half percent in early 2000.    And I'm wondering, Mr. Williams, have you seen that as the--are the total deposits continuing to just go to the big giants? And is it possible for a small bank--I've heard one banker say that it's not possible for a bank under a billion dollars in assets to even survive today.    And have you seen more of your time and expenses being devoted to compliance costs as compared to say when you started in the banking business?    Mr. Duncan. What are your total assets? What size is your bank?    Mr. Duncan. Is it possible for a small bank to survive today, or it's certainly becoming much harder, isn't it?    Mr. Duncan. The more any industry becomes Federally regulated, the more regulated it becomes, the more it ends up in the hands of a few big giants. Thank you, Mr. Chairman