    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Administrator Bolden, first, I'd like to applaud your choice of Todd May as Director of the Marshall Space Flight Center located in my district. And I'd also like to thank his predecessor, Patrick Scheuermann, for his many years of service and leadership at NASA, especially at the Marshall Space Flight Center. I'm excited about the continued success at Marshall and throughout NASA.    That having been said, have you designated a NASA center lead for rocket propulsion that would be able to integrate all of NASA's expertise in deep space travel on the Journey to Mars?    Hon. Bolden. Congressman, we don't use the term ``lead center'' anymore. It has a bad connotation for people who were around at the time of Challenger.    But what we have done is we have an effort ongoing. It started out as something we call TCAT that I think we explained it to everybody. Now, it's just baseline services assessment where we're trying to identify centers who have the highest level of capability in a particular field. There is no question that the Marshall Space Flight Center is the--one of their core capabilities is propulsion, and so no question whether we're talking to DOD or anybody else outside of NASA that Marshall is the place that people go when they want to discuss in space and leaving the Earth propulsion issues.    Mr. Brooks. Well, for lack of a better word, I'm going to use it again in my next question. While I'm asking about program leads, who is program lead for Europa?    Hon. Bolden. The program lead for Europa presently if I--and I'll--let me take it for the record, but as my memory serves me, the Jet Propulsion Lab is the lead for procurement things like the spacecraft ``bus'' and others, and then we have other centers that are contributing to that. But JPL in your terms would be considered the lead, although they're an FFRDC, but it's because of their expertise in planetary travel.    Mr. Brooks. Well, isn't JPL a federally funded research and development center?    Hon. Bolden. Yes, sir.    Mr. Brooks. And my impression, and correct me if I'm wrong, is that federally funded research and development centers, by their nature, can only supply one-of-a-kind research and development and not be a program manager.    Hon. Bolden. That is--I don't think that is--let me take that for the record. The definition of a program manager--I don't think there's a prohibition because of their unique experience and expertise in planetary flight, for example, Curiosity and most of our Mars missions. JPL is the center that has achieved that for NASA for decades. We have been providing precursors on the way to Mars since the '60s, and Jet Propulsion Lab has generally been the lead in doing that work.    So I'll take it for the record for your strict definition of who can be a program manager, but program managers for planetary missions have not always--have dominantly been at     Mr. Brooks. Thank you. I'll move on to another area.    Earlier this week at an appropriations hearing you spoke about the need for ``game-changing'' propulsion. Do you support nuclear thermal propulsion and what role do you see it playing in the Journey to Mars?    Hon. Bolden. We are on a Journey to Mars, and most people believe that in the end, nuclear thermal propulsion will probably be the most effective form of propulsion to get there. Right now, we are funding at a very low level. Development of low-grade nuclear fuel so that we don't have to go through what we go through today. So we're taking a step-by-step approach to getting to nuclear thermal--to the use of nuclear thermal propulsion, but we are years away from doing that.    Again, Marshall is the dominant center. They have most of the capability there, and they're working with some of their local contractors who are helping them with developing nuclear thermal propulsion.    Mr. Brooks. Congress authorized $20 million for nuclear thermal propulsion for fiscal year 2016. How much is NASA planning on spending in fiscal year 2016 on nuclear thermal propulsion?    Hon. Bolden. I'll take that for the record, Congressman. I'll just take it for the record. I think I remember, but I don't want to guess.    Mr. Brooks. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.