    Mr.  Judd. Chairman DeSantis, Chairman Meadows, Ranking Member Lynch, I appreciate the opportunity to testify on behalf of the 16,500 Border Patrol agents which I represent.    I am going to stick to my comments on the national security threat of the border and leave out the rhetoric and what might have led to it. But what I will tell you is that the Obama administration and CBP Commissioner Kerlikowske have repeatedly told the American public that the border is more secure today than it has ever been. As a Border Patrol agent, I will tell you the exact opposite.    Commissioner Kerlikowske and the administration have pointed to a decrease in arrests over the past several years, but they failed to give the American public key indicators such as the number of arrests of persons from countries with known terrorist ties or from countries that compete economically with our interests.    In all of fiscal year 2015, the United States Border Patrol arrested five persons from Afghanistan, 57 from Pakistan, and 1,327 from the People's Republic of China. Already in the first 5 months of this fiscal year, the United States Border Patrol has arrested 18 from Afghanistan--the first quarter, five of all last year, the first quarter--18 from Afghanistan, 79 from Pakistan--all of 2015, again, was 18--and 619 from the People's Republic of China. Those numbers should alarm everyone.    We are seeing a similar trend from other key countries like Albania, Bangladesh, and Brazil.    If the single factor for the litmus test is lower numbers, then compared to fiscal year 2015, one must conclude we are failing.    As someone who has been involved in border protection for over 18 years, I can unequivocally tell you the border is not secure, and the situation is getting worse instead of better.    Arrests are not the only factor in determining whether the border is secure. We have to look at the totality of the situation, such as violence, the number of persons evading arrest, and whether organized crime continues to turn a profit.    In the context of the times, we must also look at whether persons from country who would do us harm are able to exploit our weaknesses through our policies or the lack of manpower on the border.    It is well-documented that criminal cartels control the border in the same way inmates control most prison facilities. The cartels are extremely well-organized, pathologically violent, and have an entire infrastructure on both sides of the border.    In Mexico, it is estimated that over 150,000 people have been killed in cartel-related violence. They have killed police officers, judges, elected officials, and ordinary civilians who have crossed their path.    This is the opponent Border Patrol agents face daily. It is an opponent that controls all aspects of border crimes, including narcotics and illegal immigrant smuggling.    One key way to determine whether the cartels are winning is to analyze key data of entries to arrest. Two weeks ago, I was visiting a station in the Del Rio Border Patrol sector. During that week that I was there--I was there 1 day, but during that week in which I was there, a total of 157 known entries came into the United States through that station's area of responsibility.    Of those 157: 74 were arrested; 54 were known to have evaded arrest and furthered their entry into the United States; 17 were able to evade arrest and make it back to Mexico; and 12 were still outstanding and unaccounted for.    That is a 47 percent arrest rate. That is not very good.    But it's not the Border Patrol agents' fault. We're just simply overmanned. We don't have the resources that are necessary.    In fact, yesterday I received an email from an agent in Arizona, and that email said that there was a 10-mile stretch for 2 days, and this is documented on the reports from the Border Patrol management, a 10-mile stretch of border that was unmanned for 2 whole days.    Criminal cartels were able to go to the fence, cut a hole in the fence, drive two vehicles through that hole and escape. They were able then to put the fence back up and try to hide the cuts that they had made.    Border Patrol agents were able to go down and see the vehicle tracks. There was actually a camera that did catch the two vehicles on the border. They didn't see the vehicle drive through the border, but the tracks clearly indicate that it was, and there was no were no other vehicles coming from east, so it had to be those two vehicles that crossed the border.    The scariest part of those vehicles entering into the United States is we don't know what was in this vehicles. We have no idea.    Of those persons that were able to evade arrest in this Del Rio station, those 54 and the 12 outstanding, we don't know where they were from.    It's unfortunate that we're currently in this situation in which it appears that we invite what we're currently experiencing. And because we are overmanned--and it's not that they didn't want to man the border in these two areas in Arizona that this vehicle drove through, they just didn't have the manpower to do it. That is the unfortunate situation today.    I look forward to answering any and all of your questions. Thank you very much.    Mr.  Judd. It doesn't. As I previously stated, those drive-throughs, because there were no agents assigned in that area in which the drive-through took place, if it wasn't for a camera that actually saw the vehicles, we wouldn't have even known that those vehicles had crossed.    So if we don't have the resources to assign to a specific area, then we don't know what is crossing that area.    And I would like to correct myself. I looked back at my notes. It wasn't 2 days that that area was open. It was open for a long stretch of period of time, but I don't know exactly how long. I know that it was at least one shift and more than that. So I just wanted to correct that.    Mr.  Judd. Not only have I heard similar reports, I've actually seen it. When I was assigned to the intel office at one of the Border Patrol stations which I worked, there was a note that came across the desk from a watch commander, a high-ranking manager, that said you must remove these numbers from the got-away report, because there's no entry point, and therefore, if there's no entry point, then we can't say where it entered, and therefore, we can't reconcile the numbers.    The question that was posed to this watch commander was, well, we know that they got away. Where are we going to report that they got away? He said, well, if there's no entry point, then there were no got-aways. And we said but we have the evidence that they got away. He said no, there are no got-aways, remove it. And we were forced to remove it.    Mr.  Judd. Well, the resources are important and, in part, you're correct. In part, you're wrong.    In, let's say, for instance, the Del Rio sector, the Del Rio sector does not necessarily release a whole lot of illegal aliens. Because they have Immigration and Customs Enforcement, they have the bed space to hold onto these people.    So the main determining factor is, do we have the space to hold onto these individuals? If we do have the space to hold onto them, then Immigration and Customs Enforcement, they do hold onto them. But if we don't have the space for them, then we release them. That's where the resources come into play.    Mr.  Judd. Absolutely. It comes down to risk-reward.    There is very little risk when you are smuggling migrants. The laws of the United States, the accountability that we hold these human traffickers when we arrest them, it's a very low standard.    However, if we arrest a drug smuggler that's smuggling cocaine, methamphetamine, or something like that, then the consequences are much greater.    Mr.  Judd. It strictly depends upon where it's at. If it's in RGV, most likely not. We just don't have the bed space. If it is in the Tucson sector, most likely not. We do not have the bed space. If it is in the Del Rio sector, I will tell you I drove by where we put them and it is anything but a jail. There's no fences. There's nothing around it. In fact, it's been described to me more like a country club.    Mr.  Judd. From what I saw, yes.    Mr.  Judd. What I can tell you is what we see on the border. Unfortunately, I don't go through the entire process. All I do is I arrest people, and then I ----    Mr.  Judd. No. No.    Mr.  Judd. By Border Patrol agents, when we arrest them, if they're from countries other than Mexico, it's very quick. All they have to do is claim that they have a credible fear.    Mr.  Judd. No, you don't.    Mr.  Judd. Well, for special interest countries, we actually turn them--we notify the FBI immediately, if they are from a special interest country. We won't even interview those individuals.    For instance, in Sonoita, when we arrested the Afghanis and Pakistanis, the most recent that I am aware of, they were immediately turned over to the FBI. We didn't even interview them.    But from countries that are not considered special interest, from, say, China, Bangladesh would be the same, it's a very short interview. As long as they tell us that they have a credible fear, the interview basically ends at that point for the Border Patrol.    Mr.  Judd. That is correct. Border Patrol agents, these are very motivated individuals. They want to do the best that they can. They do the best that they possibly can.    Mr.  Judd. It could've been anything.    Mr.  Judd. If you ask Border Patrol agents, absolutely.    Mr.  Judd. Yes. Anybody that's here illegally is subject to deportation.    Mr.  Judd. I can tell you that I started my career in El Centro, California. In El Centro, California, if an illegal alien crossed the border, I could follow that illegal alien in my vehicle until I caught him forever. It didn't matter how long. I could go forever until--I followed him.    But if you go and look at Arizona, if an illegal alien crosses the border, I have to get out of my vehicle. I have to call somebody. They have to try to get ahead of me. And there are very, very few access roads, which then puts us behind the curve. And it's very difficult to apprehend those individuals on protected lands.    Mr.  Judd. They are extremely high. The best way that we can mitigate these risks are resources in the field, giving us the resources that are necessary, so that we're not leaving areas of the border just completely unmanned.    Mr.  Judd. Yes, I am. We dub it the catch-and-release policy. It's extremely disconcerting to all Border Patrol agencies. If you ask Border Patrol agents, they believe that it's one of those driving factors that invite individuals to try to break our ----    Mr.  Judd. It is not.    Mr.  Judd. No, they're not.    Let me take that back. I'm sorry.    Not all illegal aliens that we arrest are given notices to appear. There are different factors that go into that. I would generally say that if we see somebody cross the border, that that individual would be given a notice to appear, but not all illegal aliens that we arrest are given notices to appear.    Mr.  Judd. I don't deal with the court hearings. From what I'm hearing from high-level DHS officials, I'm hearing anywhere between 5 to 7 years.    Mr.  Judd. Not that I'm aware of. All they need to do is provide us an address, and it can be an obscure address.    For instance, in the mid-2000s, we were arresting a large number of Brazilians in the Tucson sector. All Brazilians were giving us--a large number of these Brazilians were giving us the exact same address.    Mr.  Judd. Exactly. And we were releasing those individuals based upon the addresses that they were giving us.    Mr.  Judd. It is extremely frustrating, but what gets even more frustrating is when we have a CBP Commissioner that tells us, if we don't like it, we can go find another job. That's even more frustrating.    Mr.  Judd. That is correct.    Mr.  Judd. Very few. The vast majority of those that are entering the country are from noncontiguous countries.    Mr.  Judd. If it's a juvenile from Mexico, they're going to be treated basically the exact same. It doesn't matter what country you're from. If you claim a credible fear, if you say that you're seeking asylum, you're going to be treated the same by the Border Patrol. How ICE treats them, I don't know. But by the Border Patrol, they're going to be treated the same.    Mr.  Judd. Yes, if you will, what you have to have, Mr. Grothman, Congressman Grothman, is you have to have agency officials who are going to tell you the truth--not the truth. They have to be open. They have to tell you everything.    I will tell you right now that you have a chief patrol agent right now who has been very open and has given you all candor. And I fear that because of that openness, because of that candor, our current acting chief patrol agent is not even going to be considered for the permanent chief patrol agent, because quote/unquote, ``He can't be controlled.''