    Dr. Maxon. Chairwoman Comstock, Members of the Committee, thank you for holding this very important meeting and for inviting me to participate. I applaud the committee for exploring the great potential that advanced biology has to address the Nation's grand challenges and to stimulate innovation. I believe a federally coordinated strategic program that leverages the national labs and other existing federal capabilities would greatly accelerate this.    I am the Biosciences Principal Deputy at Lawrence Berkeley National lab and have enjoyed a 30-year career as a biologist. Recently, I served as Assistant Director for Biological Research at the Office of Science and Technology Policy, where I was the principal author of the National Bioeconomy Blueprint.    Although my testimony represents my own views, I would be remiss not to recognize the leadership of the Department of Energy and Berkeley Lab in driving the Nation's engineering biology capabilities forward. In particular, DOE's Office of Biological and Environmental Research supports some of the Nation's most foundational resources in this field.    DNA can be viewed as a programming language where, instead of the 1's and 0's that are used to program computers, A's and C's and G's and T's, the building blocks of DNA, are used to program biology for useful purposes. While DNA can improve agricultural yields, increased nutrients in soil, reduce the need for water and fertilizers, it can be used to create bio-solutions to reduce the demand for livestock-based protein sources such as beef and poultry and for a planet with more people and fewer resources. It can convert non-food biomass into fuel and chemicals, and in the process, replace fossil fuels. It can convert microbes into low-cost producers of drugs and alter microbiomes to improve human and animal health.    Although DNA sequencing--that is, reading DNA--thanks in large part to the Human Genome Project, is fast, cheap, and democratic, meaning that researchers everywhere can now sequenced DNA themselves, engineering biology--that is, writing DNA--remains slow and expensive.    National labs can help change this dynamic. They can play important roles in harnessing biology to meet national-scale challenges and, in doing so, democratize engineering biology to enable researchers everywhere to drive advancements across fields of science and industrial applications. But currently missing from this collection of high-throughput open--high-throughput--sorry, currently missing from the collection of national laboratory user facilities is a bio-foundry, a high-throughput, open engineering biology facility powered by capabilities in physical sciences and supercomputing to develop freely available tools, technologies, and knowledge needed to accelerate engineering biology and drive a sustainable national bioeconomy.    Such a facility could accelerate scientific discovery, reduce cost and time to market for new bioproducts that are needed to transform manufacturing processes for both human and environmental benefit. It would build on and capture a greater return on DOE's existing investments in genome sequencing, synthetic biology, and other engineering research capabilities.    Berkeley Lab has made an initial investment to launch an open bio-foundry and has undertaken early proof-of-concept work aimed at establishing a robust democratic platform technology for the engineering of biology to provide fundamental advances needed to transform manufacturing to reduce energy intensity and negative environmental impacts of traditional manufacturing.    Recent industry listening sessions held by Berkeley Lab indicate that, in addition to user facilities, national labs can serve at least four unique and important functions for industry: 1) meet vital research needs that are considered off-mission by the company investors; 2) validate technologies from the academic sector for companies, which is currently a cost--a time-consuming and frequently unproductive endeavor for industry, and provide for the transfer of technical expertise and capacity-building directly by embedding industry researchers in the bio-foundry; and lastly, by providing access to flexible pilot-scale production facilities to enable research advances in understanding how to predict large-scale production of bioproducts, currently something of a holy grail.    I applaud the Committee for its interest in the topic of engineering biology and believe that a vision for a strong, long-term research and development program, including research in the ethical, environmental, and social aspects of engineering biology, is needed for the United States to lay a solid foundation on which to build a robust and responsible biomanufacturing future, create new markets and jobs, and drive the U.S. bioeconomy.    Thank you.    Ms. Maxon. The Office of Science and Technology Policy is working with all three agencies because all three agencies regulate products that are biotechnology products. One of the challenges I think my colleagues have referred to is there are bio-innovations that straddle agencies, that seem to belong partly in the domain of the USDA and partly in the domain of the FDA, and the EPA for that matter. There are examples where all three agencies might be involved.    So I think what's really promising about this is there will be an opportunity to not only update but also to clarify the roles of the agency. Who is the lead agency when a company wants to have discussions? So all three and the Office of Science and Technology Policy are working together.    Dr. Maxon. I know there was a recent request for information. Several companies did submit information. There will be another chance. A couple of more--I think there are two more public meetings scheduled. The first one was held on September 30, I believe, at the FDA. There'll be two other meetings scheduled around the country starting in January, I believe. There'll be plenty of opportunity.    Dr. Maxon. I can't speak to the definite product of the expected products. I do know that in addition to the work at the agencies, their will--around the coordinated framework itself, there will be--there's an expectation, as outlined in the memo, for a long-term strategic plan to be delivered in a fairly short time frame by the agency. So they have a couple of jobs to do. But I do believe that there will be open comment on any product that comes out.    Dr. Maxon. These are two different----    Dr. Maxon. Yes.    Dr. Maxon. I believe from the memo the effort is the Administration with the Office of Science and Technology Policy in concert with the three regulatory agencies. But I believe OSTP is working with the agencies. I didn't want to say they're running it but they're coordinating it.    Dr. Maxon. Yes. Yes, thank you. Sorry. I have a bit of a cold and I'm making sure I can get through this.    A couple of thoughts come to mind. In the United States approximately 50,000 people per year receive doctorates. More than half of those people--it depends on the field, of course--but more than half of those people don't end up in 10-year-track academic positions. You're looking at a table here with a bunch of people who got academic training through the apprenticeship model that gives us our Ph.D.'s.    But what we are not trained to do is understand the skill sets, I think--to underscore the points made by my colleagues--to work in industry, to manage a budget, to understand how to write a business plan. These are not things we learned in the system.    And so on the level of graduate education I would say that the United States should work a little harder to broaden the exposure of graduate students to the kinds of skills they're going to need, depending on what field they're going to end up in, whether it's going to be science journalism or academic research or a medical research or plant research, at a company. It doesn't matter. I think we can do a better job at that.    At the undergraduate level, a couple of thoughts occurred to me there, too. 1) Most importantly, I think we see the best outcomes in developing scientists and engineers when we give them immersion opportunities, not just canned lab experiments to do that thousands of students before us have done, but actual research experiences where we are the first people to ever actually do an experiment in an undergrad environment. I know that's hard to do and I know it's expensive, but there are people who are doing it and I think it's very good trend in the right direction.    And lastly, community colleges, I know some of the national labs, ours included, are working very hard to establish relationships with community colleges to put into the curricula critical inspirational pieces for understanding how to engineer biology. So I think there's a lot of work we could do.    Ms. Maxon. Thank you for that opportunity to talk about what's happened since the release of that policy document.    I think the recent memo on July 2 from the White House talking about taking a look at the regulatory framework--the coordinated framework is a direct reflection of one of the five strategic objectives of the National Bioeconomy Blueprint. So I would say in that regard right at the top of the list is taking a look at the coordinated framework.    Workforce development was another. You've heard some ideas of how we might be able to jumpstart the system, get a few more chemical processing engineers, that kind of thing, still need some work to be done there.    Public-private partnerships for biosciences, I think what could be done there--and there are some efforts underway right now I believe, funded by the NSF, to identify precompetitive research challenges that industry shares that might actually benefit from government--public-private partnership with both government and company investment.    So those are three right away. A couple more, strategic research investments, that was the number one objective in the National Bioeconomy Blueprint. I think you've heard most of the people, if not all the people on the panel, say the same thing. We could do a better job here. And one of the reasons, to answer your last question, to address your last question about why are we falling behind in synthetic biology specifically, I look at this as another example of technology. Nanotechnology is an example, emerging technologies. Technology in general sort of falls between the cracks in the federal agencies, and so I think the idea of a coordinated--federally coordinated strategic approach to lift the technology is where I think some opportunity still remains.    Dr. Maxon. Thank you for your question. I apologize. I have a bit of a cold today. To your first question, Human Genome Project, how has it benefited the non-biotechnology. I assume you mean the non-biomedical world?    Dr. Maxon. No, thank you for clarification. I think one thing that that human genome sequencing project did was democratized DNA sequencing. So laboratories everywhere, whether you're studying viruses or the plant microbiome, whatever it is, people can now sequence DNA very quickly as a consequence of the human genome sequencing project.    So I think that--and in fact, I don't think it's overestimating it to say all of biology has benefited in that way. Anything that has DNA, if you can sequence DNA quickly and cheaply and in a democratic fashion, everything has benefited. So I think the magnitude of that can't be underscored. If you could remind me of your second question?    Ms. Maxon. A similar systematic sequencing project, wow. I am not in a great position to answer that question. I think I would defer that to my agricultural colleagues.    Dr. Maxon. Thank you for that question. I'm tremendously optimistic about this. I do think there's an incredible opportunity here. The potential is amazing. I was heartened to see the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology in December of 2012, or at least a report called ``Agricultural Preparedness.'' And in that report they recommended that the USDA work with the DOE and the NSF to set up new innovation ecosystem hubs for agriculture. I think an idea like that where the DOE, that knows how to set up innovation hubs, working with the USDA, could go a long way with NSF in making something like this happen.    I was also heartened to see not long after that report that the USDA, in its budget, requested funds for a biomanufacturing institute. So I think we're very close and I'm very optimistic. So I think it will work. It just might take a little bit more time.    Dr. Maxon. I'm not an expert in nanotechnology but I'll kick this off and then allow my colleagues to respond.    I know that nanotechnology intersects with biotechnology in some of the high-level treatments that are being done now to target certain therapeutics at certain parts of the--very specific parts of the body. I know that nanotechnology is used in the process of doing some diagnostic kinds of analyses, again, in the biomedical space. I don't--like I said, I'm not an expert. I don't know much about how nanotechnology intersects with the non-biomedical fields. It'd be interesting to hear from my colleagues whether there are any.    Dr. Maxon. To follow on the point that Dr. Evans just made, the National Nanotechnology Initiative is a great example of a coordinated effort that gave rise to coordinated federal research, coordinated interest in public science, the public understanding of the science. I think that that model exists that could be applied here.