    Ms. Fudge. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you all for being here today. Ms. Merriweather, my sincere congratulations to you for the work you have done. I represent tens of thousands of children just like you, and certainly hope they have the same opportunity that you had. Congratulations to you.    I am an advocate, as many of you are, for the proposition that all children have access to a quality education. I just wish that my colleagues would fight as much for those with no choice as they do for those who have a choice.    Mr. Bryan, you indicate that the opportunity scholarships improve student outcomes. If this is the case, please explain to me why there is such resistance from private schools to report out data on yearly student performance and on their school and class demographics, just as public schools must.    Ms. Fudge. Thank you so much. That is a real shock. They want public money but they want freedom. Is that what you said? They should not report on tax dollars?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you very much. You gave me the perfect answer, freedom. Mr. Robinson, in your testimony, you cite a report by the Friedman Foundation that states the top reasons parents choose a private school for their children were school environment, smaller class sizes, and more individualized attention for students.    Is it safe to say that if public schools had adequate funding to provide more teachers, which would lower class sizes, and more school counselors, classroom aides, and behavior interventions, which we know help, would parents be less inclined to seek out private options?    Ms. Fudge. Did you not say that?    Ms. Fudge. Did you say what I just read? Did I misquote you?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you. Dr. Huerta, we know that programs provide vouchers to students enrolled in K-12 with a maximum voucher amount, at least in Ohio, of $4,250. Most private schools are significantly higher than that. Really, is there in fact a choice for a parent, even if they receive a voucher, if they do not have the resources to make up the difference? Do they really have a choice?    Ms. Fudge. Thank you. I am going to close just by saying this, I know that all of my colleagues on both side of the aisle believe in accountability. We hear it every day, whether it be about the budget or some other thing.    I am certainly hopeful they will be on my side as it relates to making sure that we are accountable for the dollars that we take from taxpayers, whether they are in a private school, whether they are in a parochial school. We are responsible to the people of the United States for their resources.    I would certainly hope that we all would be on the same page with that. Secondly, let me just say that I am not really an opponent of charter schools. What I am is a proponent of all schools. I wish we would spend as much time on the schools that educate 95 percent of all our children than the schools that represent 5 percent.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.