    Mr. Polis. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Director Goldfuss, I come from the town of Boulder, Colorado. We had unprecedented floods in the year 2013, six people died and tens--hundreds of millions of dollars in property damage, public and private. We have seen similar unprecedented catastrophes across the country and the world, and science has shown that natural disasters are more common and more severe and more detrimental than they have been. Might take longer to conclusively establish that trend, but we have certainly seen a short-term trend in that direction. And, whatever you want to call that, it seems we ought to plan for it.    We have a responsibility to ensure taxpayer-funded development is done in the most informed and effective way possible, not only so we can mitigate against any negative environmental impacts, but so that we can ensure our communities are prepared for the intensity of future storms or weather patterns, and are adept in dealing with their effects.    I was hoping that you could speak to weather, and how the need for Federal consideration of increasingly severe and threatening weather patterns when considering new developments went into CEQ's calculus as the guidelines were developed.    Mr. Polis. Mr. Clark, it has been argued that the CEQ guidelines are somehow an overreach of the Council's authority. To my knowledge, no Federal court has declared things like increasing temperatures and sea-level rise to be illusionary. In fact, quite the contrary.    So, with that in mind, it seems like a changing climate is exactly the kind of occurrence we should be considering as we review newer additional Federal projects for the purposes of both the developer, as well as the contracting agency.    I was hoping you could explain to me how the clients you serve would benefit from adding these impacts to their list of considerations, as they navigate the Federal Government and the NEPA process, specifically.    Mr. Polis. Would you think that there are some dangers to not including these impacts on a list of considerations with regard to the Federal Government and NEPA?    Mr. Polis. Thank you. I yield back the balance of my time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Gosar.