    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank you especially for today's hearing. I think it is a very important hearing.    And I want to thank Ms. McCarthy for coming and for the progress the Agency has made.    Ms. McCarthy, when I became chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, sexual harassment was not even defined as sexual discrimination. We issued guidelines defining the words ``sex discrimination'' in the statute to include sexual harassment, and the Supreme Court later backed us up.    The courts have not done the same with respect to unpaid interns. I was flabbergasted but understanding, how some courts interpreted law, to find that some courts have already found that unpaid interns are not covered by the word ``employees'' in Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. That means that the people, the whistleblowers who testified here today could not receive relief in the courts the way an employee of the Agency could under the statute.    Mr. Cummings, our ranking member, has introduced a bill to correct this flaw in Title VII. He calls it the Federal Intern Protection Act. I hope that some of the Republicans on this committee who have expressed I think appropriate outrage at the harassment that went on here will join us as cosponsors to this bill.    And I would like to ask you if you would support a bill to add or define interns as employees under Title VII of the 1964 Civil Rights Act.    Ms. Norton. Now, let me ask the question more directly. Would you have your counsel look at the--since there has been repeated harassment of interns--and, by the way, this House and the Senate now, like most large employers across the United States, are replete with interns. This has widespread implications.    Would you have your counsel look at the recently introduced Federal Intern Protection Act and indicate to this committee, to the chairman and the ranking member, whether you would support that act to prevent the harassment of interns in the future? Would you give us that in writing?    Ms. Norton. I appreciate that, Ms. McCarthy, because I can see that you want to get rid of this issue and are right do so.    I wasn't here to hear from the first panel, but I've read their testimony, and I was particularly interested in the testimony of the whistleblowers and of Ms. Kellen of AFGE Council 238. In my own experience at EEOC, I've found that employees on the ground can be very helpful. That particularly, seems to me, might be the case here, where we are talking about managers.    Ms. McCarthy, I can think of no one in the life of an employee, not even you, the head of the Agency, that has more power and authority over an employee than the direct supervisor or manager. That is why listening to these employees is, it seems to me, particularly important. And, of course, she describes what she calls a serious lack of accountability and transparency, she says, at EPA in particular.    When a manager has a problem--you know, imagine having to file a Title VII complaint against your manager. I mean, that really takes a lot, even if the law covered interns. That takes a lot of gall. That is why proactive action would be most beneficial.    She does state, Ms. Kellen, that there are tools and procedures currently to address management issues. So I would like to look at the existing tools and procedures to address management issues, since that is so far out of reach of the average employee.    You have made some progress, and I am looking at these management issues for even further improvement. And employees are among those who will always offer suggestions. She says that it would be helpful to have the GAO conduct a study of what she calls bullying in the Federal sector. And she does not even list EPA alone.    Now, understand that the word ``bullying'' here has real connotations. I mean, it may be if you bully a Federal employee that is about all you have to do in order to get your point across, and there's nothing she can do, even if it is a form of harassment.    So I wonder if you would support the idea of a GAO study of bullying in the Federal sector by management employees?    Ms. Norton. And it is really that power difference I am talking about. The Agency employee may rarely see you but will see her supervisor, or SES, far more often.    I wonder, because there was testimony that action by managers has not been fully investigated. Now, Ms. Kellen suggests something called a feedback loop, where employees could anonymously offer their opinions of how managers are performing their duties.    Now, of course, that anonymous feedback could be of any kind, and I am not suggesting it is enough to get some kind of action taken against an employee. But this person who was guilty, it would appear, of repeated instances of sexual harassment, if employees could have anonymously reported that and if the head of the Agency knew that--others have gone on for much longer than I've gone on, including, you Mr. Chairman. If I could just get an answer.    Ms. Norton. Could I just get an answer to this question then?    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Norton. And that is anonymous?    Ms. Norton. Thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman.