    Mrs. Lummis. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    Look, major Federal decisions should be informed by an understanding of how they impact our environment. That is the simple idea behind NEPA. NEPA requires the Federal Government to take a hard look at the environmental impacts of Federal actions and projects. There has to be a causal relationship between a project and the alleged impacts.    But CEQ's revised draft guidance on greenhouse gas emissions turns this upside down. The new guidance assumes that any greenhouse gas emissions contribute to global climate change, and so they are environmental impacts.    Now, indulge me this indelicate statement, Mr. Chairman. I emit greenhouse gases. You emit greenhouse gases. The Ranking Member, our panelists, we all emit greenhouse gases. You can measure our emissions with a high degree of accuracy. What is difficult, but not--in fact, what is difficult, but perhaps impossible to measure is how much our emissions actually contribute to global warming, or global cooling, or other global climate changes that impact our environment.    As our experts will reveal today, this connection is difficult enough to make, even if you analyze the greenhouse gas emissions of the entire United States. Yet CEQ is now telling agencies that if a project emits greenhouse gases, it is a de facto environmental impact. That will lead to project delays, project modifications, added costs, mitigation costs, and, in some cases, even project denials. From public lands permits, to energy production, to roads and pipelines, there isn't a corner of the United States that isn't touched by this new guidance, and the costs could be enormous.    This so-called guidance didn't even go through rulemaking, which is astounding when you consider its economic impacts.    I look forward to the hearing. I look forward to listening to our panelists today. Some will question the science and legal basis for this draft guidance.    I have with me here somewhere a copy of NEPA. I brought it with me. Six pages. Well, it barely goes over to the seventh page. Six pages, the National Environmental Policy Act. It is supposed to inform Federal decisions, not dictate them. But, after 45 years of agencies and courts reading more and more requirements into NEPA, this six-page bill has generated reams of paperwork that created lots of greenhouse gases--so many greenhouse gases that it could fill the halls of Congress and then some.    Some of this paperwork has likely produced environmental benefits, but much of it is duplicative and unnecessary. CEQ's draft guidance is a prime example. This guidance will create far more paperwork and greenhouse gases than environmental benefits, regardless of one's position on global warming.    We need to recognize, Mr. Chairman, that NEPA procedure has become so time-consuming, so costly, and so fraught with litigation that, in many cases, the process alone dictates outcomes. Only then can we have a reasonable conversation about how the 45-year-old NEPA could better serve our environmental needs in the 21st century.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My first question is for Ms. Goldfuss. Welcome to the Committee.    CEQ says that this draft greenhouse gas guidance is not a rule or regulation, this document does not establish legally binding requirements in and of itself. What does that mean?    Mrs. Lummis. What does it----    Mrs. Lummis. Yes. What does it mean, though, when it says this is ``not legally binding, in and of itself'' ?    Mrs. Lummis. So you expect agencies to follow the guidance?    Mrs. Lummis. OK.    Mrs. Lummis. So what if an agency says, ``We don't want to follow the guidance'' ?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. So if a disagreement occurs between agencies about the application of the guidance, would CEQ get involved? Would you mitigate or arbitrate that?    Mrs. Lummis. So how does----    Mrs. Lummis. How does a referral happen? Does one agency sort of tell on the other agency? You know, ``They are not playing nice with us, they are''----    Mrs. Lummis . ``Disagreeing with us'' ?    Mrs. Lummis. Well, how does it work?    Mrs. Lummis. So what would be the practical effects of an agency not following the guidance?    Mrs. Lummis. So the courts can get involved.    Mrs. Lummis. Even with the guidance, a non-binding guidance, access to the courts is somehow----    Mrs. Lummis. OK, what----    Mrs. Lummis. OK. But how does the guidance layer on top of that to give court access?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. Well, if two different agencies are interpreting the guidance differently, on how to apply NEPA, are you going to arbitrate that?    Mrs. Lummis. What is going to happen?    Mrs. Lummis. Why are you providing this----    Mrs. Lummis. What is this guidance for, then? Why are you doing this?    Mrs. Lummis. OK. So let's say a disaffected party, like, a permitting document, could they seek a legal appeal and use the guidance against an agency that did not accept it?    Mrs. Lummis. What do you think about that question, Mr. Martella?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Martella. And thank you, Ms. Goldfuss. I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Bordallo.