    Dr. Broholm. Yes.    Dr. Broholm. Yes.    Dr. Broholm. Thank you very much. Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee on Energy, thank you very much for the opportunity to testify today on the topic of quantum materials.    Seventy years ago when amplification of an electrical signal by a transistor was first demonstrated, no one could have imagined that the average person in 2016 would employ billions of transistors in their energy and information-intensive lives. What will be the next materials-based technological revolution, and how can we ensure the United States once again leads the way?    Since its 1947 discovery of the transistor, Bell Laboratories, now a part of Nokia, has shrunk and is no longer active in fundamental materials research. While the opportunities for groundbreaking progress from advanced materials have never been greater, the research now has a broad and fundamental character that no single company can sustain.    The specific example that I'd like to focus on is quantum materials. Quantum mechanics has key effects in all materials, but the most dramatic departure from the familiar generally fade from view beyond the atomic scale. The Heisenberg uncertainty principle is, however, on display in elemental helium that fails to solidify upon cooling even to the absolute zero temperature. Instead, an astounding superfluid state occurs where atoms form a coherent matter wave that flows without any friction whatsoever.    We now find it may be possible to realize such counterintuitive properties of matter in a new class of quantum materials, of which I shall provide a couple of examples.    Superconductivity is a low-temperature property of many metals, including aluminum wherein electrons form a coherent wave much as the atoms in superfluid helium. But because electrons carry charge, an electrical current can then flow with zero resistance. While presently available, superconductors require cryogenic cooling, we know of no reason that superconductivity like ferromagnetism should not be possible at much higher temperatures.    A practical superconductor would have enormous technological consequences, including the ability to generate, store, transport, and utilize electrical energy without resistive losses. There's much recent progress in the scientific understanding of a new class of superconductivity enhanced by interactions between electrons. While we do not have a winner yet, this fortifies our belief that a practical superconducting material will eventually be discovered.    The next topic is topological materials. The geometry of the wave function that describes electrons in these materials gives rise to revolutionary electrical properties. In a topological insulator, for example, all surfaces are electrically conducting even though the core or the center of the material is actually insulating. And this is a really appealing property considering that the surface transport must typically be engineered into electrical devices and is associated with significant resistive energy losses. In topological insulators, a high-quality conducting surface occurs spontaneously, and there are many more fascinating properties of topological materials that indicate they will have transformative technological impacts.    Digital archiving of events from those of individual families to those that define our times is generally based on magnetic information storage. While hard disc storage densities now exceed 1 terabit per square inch, each bit still involves a very large number of atoms. By using wrinkles on a prevailing order within a quantum material to store information, it may be possible to dramatically increase the information storage density.    Finally, a new form of information processing called quantum computing has the potential to transform decision-making. One of the approaches now being pursued is to utilize so-called quasi-particles within a quantum material to carry and process information. While this is a long-term vision, it is as feasible now as an integrated circuit with 10 billion transistors must have seemed like in 1947.    Given the potential technological impacts, quantum materials are receiving huge worldwide attention. Dedicated research centers are proliferating, and I would argue that within the DOE as well, quantum material should be an area of high priority. The Basic Research Needs Report on quantum materials identifies four priority research directions that would accelerate scientific progress in quantum materials and their technological deployment.    So as in much of the modern development of advanced materials, world-class tools are essential for this work. Such as the neutron sources at Oak Ridge Lab and the synchrotron and free electron laser-based light sources, these are absolutely essential to be able to sustain--to be able to do this kind of work. And while these are already excellent facilities that are having strong impacts, several are in urgent need of upgrades to sustain international leadership.    In the continuing quest to bend materials to satisfy our needs, it is inevitable that we should eventually employ the wave-like nature of matter for new functional materials and electronic devices. To do so requires a deep fundamental knowledge of interacting electrons in the quantum realm, versatile abilities to synthesize new materials from the atomic scale to bolt single crystals, and an array of experimental tools that probe structure and motion over broad range of length and time scales.    Sustained basic research efforts in quantum materials can ensure the United States leads the way as these materials transform a broad range of energy and information technologies. Thank you.    Dr. Broholm. In my area of quantum materials, I think that the United States has a very lively program, and it is--has been characterized I think now by a stronger component of materials synthesis, which is a really key part of development of quantum materials. I think comparing to other developed countries sometimes one sees that looking, for example, to Europe a more kind of organized approach to some of these topics, but I think sometimes it's difficult to say whether the organizer as opposed to the thousand points of light is the better approach. I think things are going pretty well.    If I could say about the facility upgrades, maybe we'll return to it later, but the--in terms of the neutron facilities, the spallation source is presently the world's most intense source of neutrons, pulse neutrons, but the European community is now building a spallation source in--also in Sweden, which will be a 5 megawatt source. And there's quite some concern in the--in--among scientists who use neutron scattering that this facility will in fact surpass the spallation neutron source, and we believe that an upgrade is very important in order to sustain leadership in that area.    Dr. Broholm. I think the--we--it is important to focus on the key role that the government has in supporting discovery-driven research, and let me give an example, which is that in the pursuit of superconducting material that might in fact solve some of these storage and transmission problems that we have been talking about, there comes a time when perhaps one does need to look at a material which superconducts at 100 millikelvin. And this material may in fact provide the intellectual breakthrough that allows you to then compose a material that will become a practical superconductor.    So I would--so on the other hand I think that the cross-fertilization of the motivation from discovery-driven research to use-inspired research is very important such that those who are working in the discovery realm need to have the ability to view some of the challenges that exist in the real world as well. So this artificial barrier is in fact very unfortunate if it exists. On the other hand, we have to really remember to also support the discovery-driven part of it, not to have it cast aside for not being practical.    Dr. Broholm. Yes, I--let me return to a topic that I opened with, which was the nature of AT&T Bell Labs or Bell Laboratories, which was a very interesting institution where you have this connection between truly fundamental science and very specific applications. And so I think I actually worked at a time and I think there was a tremendous inspiration in fact even though we were working on topics that were truly discovery-driven science, we had the opportunity to talk to individuals who are working in a very applied end of it. And this actually--it can become a motivating factor.    And so I think basic energy sciences has the opportunity to be the place where these strands of research actually connect to each other, both the fundamental and the applied side.    Dr. Broholm. So there are many different forms of quantum computing that are now being pursued, and I think that already shows you that we don't know now which approach is actually going to become the one that functions or which approach is--the general challenge that one is facing there is that it is necessary in the quantum computer to allow a physical quantity such as a nucleus in or a photon or a patch of a superconducting material to respond quantum mechanically to specific conditions that are imposed.    And it's important that the wave mechanics associated with quantum physics can unfold without loss of coherence until the quantum computation has actually been completed. And so having a quantum material that can respond quantum mechanically for a sufficient period of time is actually a first step towards quantum--to having a quantum computer.    And as I said, there are a number of different materials, platforms that are now being explored, and I would say that I'm optimistic because of the excitement that surrounds the topic and the talent that's being applied to it at this time. But I think the timescale is--one would be--it's a folly to try to really pin down a timescale on that, and I think we should be thinking of that as a vision that needs a sustained level of research of the type that I think predominantly the government will be able to support.    Dr. Broholm. I'll take that.    Dr. Broholm. As you pointed out, this is really early stages, and it's very important to take that approach. And so I think we're talking about the development of new classes of materials, quantum materials that sustain quantum coherence for sufficient timescales to allow quantum computing. And so one of the key approaches that we need to take is to combine the theory of materials with the synthesis of materials and the ability to measure those materials in order to examine the viability of different class of materials to function in a quantum computing system.    And if I may, I would say that one of the key roles that I see of Department of Energy in basic energy sciences is the provision of world-class facilities that can actually probe the structure and the dynamics of quantum materials to determine their viability in these purposes.    And in my own research I'm using the technique of neutron scattering to actually visualize the quantum mechanical electronic wave function of these--some of these materials, and in fact it's in many cases the only method that we have to inquire the quantum physics of these materials at the appropriate length scale. So I think that the provision of world-class facilities for this kind of research is one of the important roles of the Department of Energy.    Dr. Broholm. MilliK.    Dr. Broholm. That's a very low temperature, 0.1 above the absolute zero. And my point was that that is something that we do in the lab, and it teaches us about the fundamental behavior of electronic systems. But we can then take that knowledge and develop materials that are practical at higher temperature based on the same principle. And the connection there is trying to make to storage and transmission of energy. I did--while there was a discussion, I didn't quite have the opportunity to make that, but superconducting--a practical superconducting material is a potential component in a large-scale energy storage system where you could in fact take the energy being generated by a photovoltaic station and put it into a current in a superconducting solenoid system that will hold the energy for a long period of time without loss and can then disperse energy when it is required. So this is another example of there being a range of different potential technologies that we have to be pursuing.    Dr. Broholm. No. In fact, it doesn't have to be low temp. And so this is what we're pursuing as to materials that will allow superconductivity to persist at very high temperatures. And once you have superconductivity, you have absolutely zero resistance. And so imagine you can simply put the current into the superconducting ring and then just close the ring and the current will persist----    Dr. Broholm. Zero resistance. It just sits there. So as long as it is in the superconducting state and then you--when you want to release that energy for use, that can then be done as well. So it's a really quite interesting potential way of storing energy particularly for these intermittent distributed energy--renewable energy resources.    Dr. Broholm. Yes, it's a very--countries around the world are putting in effort to try to discover a practical superconductor, and there are advances being made, and we're very optimistic that we'll be successful.    Dr. Broholm. I think the point here is that these are extremely difficult problems. Despite the supercomputers, despite the advances in theory of electronic systems, really no one would have predicted that materials such as iron and selenium, those two elements joined together can actually be a superconductor in that case at relatively low temperatures. No one would either have been able to predict that when you place a single atomic layer of iron and selenium onto strontium titanate you actually can greatly enhance the superconducting transition temperature to 50 kelvin in that system. And again, it's something that even the smartest theorists at this point are not able to really predict as an issue, kind of as a basic prediction.    So I think that the statement is that these are simply extremely complicated problems because they involve the interaction of a very large number of electrons amongst each other. On the other hand, there also very, very rich sets of materials that give the ones of us who are working in them a sense of amazement and a sense of optimism in terms of the kinds of properties that we will be able to extract from these materials as we advance our understanding. So I think we have to take the long view as we look at these properties. It's as true today as it was in '86 that there is potential for us to create superconducting--practical superconducting materials, not necessarily at room temperature but practical for our use in energy and information.    Dr. Broholm. I think a lot of things are being done. I think perhaps what I would advocate--we talked about a little earlier is the close interaction amongst scientists that have different perspectives on materials, different techniques and different ways of thinking about materials. This tends to be a very fruitful exercise. So what appears to be a brick wall for a Knudsen, a physicist, a chemist may have a different way of thinking about the material that allows you to really tunnel through that challenge.    And so I think bringing together people who are experts in synthesis, people who are experts in theory of materials, and people who have innovative new methods to probe materials, that this is the way that we can best make progress on these very complicated but very promising areas of materials development.