    Dr. Gonzalez. Chairman Smith, Mr. Beyer and Members of this Committee----    Dr. Gonzalez. It is an honor to testify here on behalf of my collaborators. We thank you for your interest and support of gravitational-wave science.    I'm Dr. Gabriela Gonzalez, a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Louisiana State University and the current elected Spokesperson of the LIGO Scientific Collaboration, or LSC.    Ours is an international collaboration that succeeded recently in detecting gravitational waves from black holes and will keep opening a new window to the universe. Can I have the first slide, please?    As shown in the slide, the LSC, which includes the LIGO Laboratory, has more than a thousand members in 15 countries with more than half of those in the United States. The collaboration was formed almost 20 years ago and is the entity that carries out the LIGO scientific research program. The LIGO Laboratory and the U.S. scientists have played a key, very important role in the LSC scientific and leadership activities. Also, LIGO has fostered the very effective relationship with other collaborations with the European Virgo Collaboration and with the Japanese KAGRA collaboration. The LIGO India project just approved by the Indian government is part of the LSC effort. We really lead the world.    As shown in the next slide--can I have the next slide, please--the LSC has a great diversity of colleges and universities in 22 different U.S. states. They are top-tiered private universities, large state universities, undergraduate and liberal art colleges, as well as institutions with many underrepresented groups in science. The collaboration effort is very broad, includes research in many different areas, and this investigation, all these activities, are geographically very distributed but the benefits of our research like the recent detection are common to all. That is one of the strengths of collaborative work.    We do not receive funding as a collaboration. Each LSC group seeks funding from agencies for their research based on their own individual merits. In the United States, the NSF funds the LIGO Laboratory with cooperative agreement but also funds the basic research in the many other U.S. groups through the very competitive research award system, and that guarantees the quality of the funded activities. Can I have the next slide, please?    In this chart, and in these pictures, you can see that more half the LSC members are graduate students, postdoctoral scholars or undergraduate students. These are young, busy and happy investigators in training in a very interdisciplinary and international scientific environment. Undergraduates contribute to the LSC research program not only in the LSC groups but also in research experience for undergraduate programs in the United States funded by the National Science Foundation.    The training in LIGO of all these young scientists is done at the forefront of science and technology. It's multidisciplinary. It involves precision measurement technology, Big Data analysis, a constant need for diagnosis and problem-solving, as well as basic physics and astrophysics.    There are many career options available to LSC trainees in academia, national laboratories, and high school science education as well as cutting-edge industry.    We compiled an incomplete list of companies employing LSC graduates and they are now working in the human genomics industry, the U.S. healthcare industry, biomedical information, oil industry, Microsoft, Google, Boeing, SpaceX, Northrop Grumman, Synaptics, Celestron, Luminit, Cytec Engineered Materials, GE Global Research, Geneva Trading, Seagate. We are training the workforce in the United States.    Many members of the collaboration dedicate a significant fraction of their time to K-12 education and outreach. The public's curiosity about our discovery has been intense. Only last Saturday, almost 1,300 people, some driving for hours to get there, visited the LIGO Science Education Center at the LIGO Livingston Observatory in Louisiana. The Science Education Center is also funded by NSF. And they went there to see where the science is done and meet some of the scientists who do it. The national as well as the local coverage of our detection showed the broad spectrum of scientists working on this field everywhere. There are many local heroes to celebrate.    In conclusion, the LSC will continue working hard on its mission to understand the universe better through the newly opened gravitational-wave window. We are very proud about the result of our work not just being amazing astrophysical results but also pushing the technology and contributing to the progress of society.    We thank NSF and the U.S. Congress for the support of our activities.    Dr. Gonzalez. Let me mention that this discovery of black holes was a surprise. We didn't know that these objects were in abundance, and we will now know a lot more about those. So this was the first surprise. We expect other surprises.    Dr. Gonzalez. That's right.    Dr. Gonzalez. The graviton is actually the particle nature of gravity. What we detect with our detectors is the wave nature of gravity. Those are the gravitational waves. So it's a classical version. Each of these gravitational waves we detected and the ones that----    Dr. Gonzalez. Probably not with LIGO detectors, no.    Dr. Gonzalez. We do not do quantum gravity. That is actually a very hot area of research but we do classical relatively, which is interesting enough.    Dr. Gonzalez. Yes.    Dr. Gonzalez. And let me say that one of the questions that people are drawing--one of the conclusions they're drawing from our observation is how early or how late the black holes formed. That is not well known at this point, and our observations are the ones giving clues about the origin of the small black holes.    Dr. Gonzalez. We wish. This actually does show distortions of space-time so we measure it as distortions of distance but it is distortion of time. We can see time traveling faster and slower but it cannot make us travel in time.    Dr. Gonzalez. I have to say that it's not only us as members of this collaboration that are inspired to work on this because of black holes and gravity and Einstein, we inspire people too, and we have made a very big effort, we have a big effort in outreach and diversity. We actually try very hard in the United States to increase diversity, not just of our collaboration but of the scientific workforce in general. We work with the National Hispanic Society of Physics, with National Black Society of Physics. We have fellowships that we work out with them. So we do have a very diverse effort.    But it's been rewarding with this discovery, especially to receive questions and visits, visits from schoolchildren, from parents wanting their children to learn about the science. We receive emails all the--all day from many schoolchildren asking about gravity and Einstein and how do you do this and where is this done and how can I visit. It's inspiration that we provide that I think it is--it's going to help the diversity of our workforce.    Dr. Gonzalez. We are working very hard on that. We already have a K-12 material about this discovery, and we also have translations on our website and our papers in different languages including Spanish.    Dr. Gonzalez. Let me say that I also don't have an imagination big enough to think what will happen in 50, 100 years from now, but I think there are surprises that are a lot closer. We are looking at the dark side of the universe. You talk about dark matter, dark energy. We are looking at the dark side, black holes of which we know very, very little. These surprises are just around the corner. That's what I imagine the best side of this story is.    Dr. Gonzalez. But let me say that like Dave said, this will take fundamental research in coating technology that it's not in hand yet. Advancing our detectors, improving--we can improve the detectors. We have technology already to improve the detectors a bit but to improve them ten times better, we have to make them 10 times longer or get technology for these coatings 10 times better.    Dr. Gonzalez. But let me say that the sensitivity to supernova is on the high-frequency end as opposed to the low-frequency end, and the coolest technologies that we will be applying is quantum manipulation of the light that will improve our sensitivity to supernova.    Dr. Gonzalez. Very soon. We----    Dr. Gonzalez. Well, let me tell you, the analysis that we presented was the analysis of one month of data taken with the two detectors that only had 16 days of effective time when the two detectors were working together and we need the two detectors to confirm the signal, and we saw one event in one month. Of course, you could say you can----    Dr. Gonzalez. That's right. That's right. So we can only predict from that one month of data. We can only say we saw one event in one month. But we have taken three months more of data that we are still analyzing, and everything we see is consistent with what we saw there, and we are going to take more data in the future, and from the theories that we derive even from this just one observation, we have a predicated rate that will mean at least a few a year.    Dr. Gonzalez. It is intermittently, but for diagnostic purposes, we have not taken data in coincidence but we have plans to take more, what we call engineering runs, opportunistic engineering runs. We have another run with the two LIGO detectors starting in this late summer, early fall, perhaps July, and that's how we will know what the rate of these binary black holes and perhaps other events will be.    But let me say, you asked me if I remembered to leave it on. It's not me, and that's the strength of having a thousand people working on these. We have 200 people in the LIGO Laboratory and they are the ones who not only keep the detectors on but they improve them every day.    Dr. Gonzalez. All of the above.    Dr. Gonzalez. To both.    Dr. Gonzalez. It gives you better localization so you will better pinpoint what the source comes from, but also if you have three detectors, you need two to see a signal. If you have three, you can have one on and the other two and then you will still see the signal. With only two LIGO detectors, if one is down, we are in the dark.    Dr. Gonzalez. I should mention also that information technology has been used. Many of the algorithms or some of the algorithms that we developed to search for gravitational waves in the data have been--have found applications in the genomics industry and in some other Big Data analysis, and that's why some of our graduates actually are sought by these industries.    Dr. Gonzalez. Well, yes, of course. There is a very strong relationship between the sky, what we learn about the sky from the electromagnetic and the gravitational spectrum. I think one of the biggest--I wouldn't say surprise because we are expecting it--one of the biggest events that we expect in the future is seeing a bright source both in the electromagnetic and the gravitational spectrum so that we can learn from the matter and the photons in there. That will be amazing. And it will happen. It will happen soon enough.    Dr. Gonzalez. Yes, let me tell the story. Actually, it's a very long story. We had been preparing for discovering gravitational waves for a long time, so we have computer programs that produce alerts, and we--and those alerts are alerts in the control rooms, but we didn't have those alerts quite ready yet when these came. So they were producing Web pages where codes--which had very smart codes produced by very smart people were producing Web pages. And because this event happened in the middle of the night in the United States, these Web pages were first seen by our collaborators in Europe because it was daytime for them. But that's again, the strength of having a distributed collaboration. So there was an email flurry saying what is this? Who is injecting this now? So it took us a while to find out that the detectors were all in fine state, this was not a test, this was not a dream, it was a real event.    But then we had a very hard work to vet the signal, to convince ourselves that this was a signal. And that took months to vet the signal to make sure that everything was okay, that all our hundreds of monitoring systems did not produce any earthquake, any lightening, anything strange that could have caused this, and then to also analyze this event to get all the physics and astrophysics out of it, that took months of work by many hundreds of people.    Dr. Gonzalez. Let me say that the project model has been very successful in this case due to the very good management it had, but the human side of this is that, like you were saying, there are graduate students whose career in this is in research. It's 4 or five years, not 20.    Dr. Gonzalez. But they are still interested. They were then. I was one of those graduate students in the beginning that I knew I wasn't going to be discovering gravitational waves in my Ph.D. thesis. I did a thesis on something that was going to help the construction of these projects, the sensitivity of this detector, and that was exciting enough. It's inspiring people to be part of something bigger, and that is what inspires our undergraduate and graduate students to work for a few years even though some of them have been part of the detection now. But many are proud of having been part of this in the past, and we are attracting many more.    Dr. Gonzalez. Let me say that when I was a high school student I began liking science and physics because I liked asking questions. So that's what you need to do the most, ask questions. Don't shy away from questions. There are no dumb questions.    About material, we do have in our Web site in LIGO.org a lot of material, and we also have people, emails of people who you can contact to ask any questions, and we are receiving lots and lots of questions and we answer them all. And we also have some material for teachers to use in their science classes. There are also programs organized by the American Physical Society for high school like Adopt-a-Physicist so you can ask teachers to contact LIGO people, collaboration people to act as a consultant and answer questions.    Dr. Gonzalez. There's a K-12----    Dr. Gonzalez. --packet----    Dr. Gonzalez. --for students that we have developed, yes. And there are a lot more material----    Dr. Gonzalez. --for teachers and students.    Dr. Gonzalez. Yes. We have--we--in LIGO.org you can find the actual data, one hour of data before and after the detection. And people have already downloaded and----    Dr. Gonzalez. --are analyzing it. We are going to--we have made the data from initial LIGO runs. They are also available and people have been looking at that. And we will make the formats of data that we have taken available to the public in the future. So we are very committed to open access and the public access to the data.    Dr. Gonzalez. Yes. We are very committed to increasing the diversity not just in our collaboration but in general in the scientific community. We have been working very closely with the National Society of Hispanic Physicists and Black Physicists for including--for affiliating students and teachers from colleges with large underrepresented----    Dr. Gonzalez. --minorities. We work with several of those universities like Southern University, University of Texas, Rio Grande Valley. Thank you for that work. It's important to get them interested and also to retain them by having positions and having good working environments.    And then finally, I know it's been touched on this morning, but could you expand a little bit on the importance of international collaboration? I know that there was a lot going into this, but we also talk about this when we talk about, you know, space research. You know, we have jurisdiction over NASA, for example. Can you talk about the importance of the international collaboration with LIGO and this discovery?    Dr. Gonzalez. Yes. We are very proud of having had very international effort on this. It's been led by the United States. The United States has been a leader in this effort both within the scientific--the LIGO scientific collaboration, which is an international collaboration. We have been living this in the United States but also living--uniting all the other collaborations, getting agreements with all the other collaborations so that we don't compete with each other but we collaborate for better science. We collaborate in forming a network.    And that has been very important and very efficient, too, because we have recruited many students and scientists from other countries to help us here in the United States, for example.    Dr. Gonzalez. Thank you all for holding this hearing.