    Dr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. Good morning, Madam Chair, and Members of the Subcommittee.    My name is Caroline Ratcliffe and I am an Economist and Senior Fellow at the Urban Institute. The Urban Institute does not take policy positions. The views I am presenting today are my own. I will describe findings from my research on childhood poverty. This research is closely connected with this Subcommittee's work on SNAP, as poor children are substantially more likely to be food-insecure than their non-poor counterparts.    My research highlights obstacles poor children face in reaching milestones, such as completing high school, graduating from college, and maintaining consistent employment. This research helps us understand what it would take to break the cycle of poverty. This research is based on data that tracks families over 40 years, and follows children from birth throughout childhood and into adulthood.    I will answer three questions. In answering these questions, I get at issues of economic mobility, and how poverty and economic vulnerability cycles through to the next generation.    The first question is just how many children are we talking about when considering poverty. Well, roughly one in five children currently lives in poverty. Nearly two in five children are poor for at least 1 year before they reach their eighteenth birthday. That means that roughly 29 million of today's children are expected to live below the poverty line before age 18. Further, one in ten children is persistently poor; meaning, they spend at least \1/2\ of their childhood living in poverty. Importantly, persistently poor children do not enter poverty and stay there. Rather, they tend to cycle into and out of poverty.    Moving to the second question: How does childhood poverty link with adult success. Children who have been poor for at least 1 year before age 18 are less likely to reach important adult milestones, such as graduating from high school, enrolling in and completing college, and maintaining consistent employment. Although 93 percent of children who were never poor complete high school by age 20, only 78 percent of children who have ever been poor do so. And when looking at the subset of children who are persistently poor, the disparity is even greater. As these poor children become adults with limited education, there are implications for their long-term economic well-being, as lower-educated groups have lower wages and higher unemployment rates. Overall, these data show that when these poor children enter adulthood and have their own children, poverty and economic vulnerability, as well as food insecurity, will cycle through to the next generation.    Moving to address the final question: Among children who have experienced poverty, what are key indicators of their future success beyond poverty. There are three important dimensions. First is parents' educational attainment. Among children who have experienced poverty, children with less-educated parents, particularly a parent with no high school degree, have lower educational achievement. This relationship persists even after taking account of the length of time children spend in poverty, and other family and neighborhood characteristics. So it is not just poverty. Parents' education matters above and beyond poverty.    The second is residential instability. Among children who have experienced poverty, children who move for negative reasons, such as an eviction or the family's need for lower rent, are worse-off educationally than children who never move. Moves that happen for negative reasons can exacerbate already tenuous circumstances for children, particularly if the move results in the need to change schools during the school year.    Third, place matters. Children who grow up in disadvantaged neighborhoods fare much worse. Among children who have been poor, children in more advantaged neighborhoods are substantially more likely to complete high school by age 20 than children from the most disadvantaged neighborhoods.    In closing, these data show that childhood poverty and the cycle of poverty are complex issues. If we want to break the cycle of poverty and food insecurity, there should be close coordination across safety net programs. SNAP exists in the context of other programs and policies, so it would be beneficial to connect SNAP reforms with other antipoverty programs, such as those that assist with savings and asset building, education and training, childcare and other work supports. SNAP has taken important steps in this direction by making it easier for families to save in years when they have higher income, without giving up future SNAP eligibility in downtimes. Savings and assets give people the tools to protect their families in tough times, and invest in themselves and their children. Further reforms in this direction can help families create a more stable environment for children.    Thank you.    Ms. Riley.--for a better future, allows them to just kind of focus on what is before them, which is their school, which is their ability just to be kids.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate it.    And then, Dr. Ratcliffe, one follow-up question quickly. This issue of looking holistically at the issues low-income people face, can you elaborate a bit more on that, this is actually one of the issues the Committee is looking at in terms of what else can we do.    Dr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. One of the issues, when we look at children from birth and throughout their childhood, is that parents' educational attainment is so important. So it is work of the parents, but also we should look at education and training programs, in coordination with childcare and other work supports, to help people and parents provide better for their families and move up the economic ladder.    The Chairwoman. Thank you, and I appreciate it.    And I want to recognize now Mr. McGovern for 5 minutes.    Dr. Haskins.--and put them up for adoption.    Mr. Yoho.--that. With one child I can understand that, but to have multiple children that fall into this. I know this is at the risk of being very controversial, but it if we don't treat the underlying problem, and I know it goes with education, food, good jobs, and all of that, good-paying jobs, we are missing the boat because we are winding up treating a symptom that we are going to treat over and over and over again unless we get into that. And it is noble that we get in there and we feed the children, and we get them off to a good educational start so that they can break that cycle, but we should put more responsibility or more emphasis on the responsibility. When that mother comes in, the single mother comes into a health clinic and talk about the responsibility of raising that child. And I just hope we are all doing that in a manner that we get the results we want so that we can, as Mr. McGovern said, work at ending hunger instead of just perpetuating a situation over and over again. Any thoughts, Ms. Ratcliffe--Dr. Ratcliffe----    Dr. Ratcliffe. Yes.    Mr. Yoho.--I am sorry.    Dr. Ratcliffe. Thank you. The fact is that we do have poor children today, and so what my research shows is that focusing on those children and making sure they get what they need is going to help us into the future. And even if you have families that are working full-time, full-year, at the minimum wage, even above the minimum wage, that they are going to be eligible for a program like SNAP. And when you talk to low-income families, a lot of what they say is they would like one good-paying job. So when we look at it, there are lots of complex issues that families are dealing with.    Dr. Ratcliffe. It goes back to some of what Dr. Ochoa was saying. Some of the research that looks at outcomes and child experience, we find that children who are poor in their earliest years, between birth and age 2, that they are less likely to graduate from high school, and that is controlling for how long they are in poverty, parents' employment, other measures of family well-being. So it is really in these early years that can be particularly critical. And if we are looking to identify children who are most at risk, those are children who are born to poor parents and poor, less-educated parents, those children are particularly likely to be persistently poor and then have these worse academic outcomes.