    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Along that same line, Mr. Hagg, we were talking about, Mr. Butterfield was talking about, does CMS require reporting into their system? Because from the information I have, at this point, over a year and a half after your recommendation, 4 \1/2\ years after the ACA requirement, CMS does not require such reporting of terminated providers. Is that true or not true?    Mr. Bucshon. You probably know in government agencies, if you encourage something, it never happens; you have to require it most likely. And other than that, have they given an explanation of why they haven't required it?    Mr. Bucshon. OK. Can you also talk about the challenges that states may have faced in complying with the Medicaid requirements to terminate a provider's participation in their Medicaid program if that provider is terminated for cause from a Medicaid Program from another state?    Mr. Bucshon. So really CMS needs to have a required reporting to a database?    Mr. Bucshon. OK. And in your opinion, does the draft bill address this challenge, some of the states' challenges do you think?    Mr. Bucshon. Understood. And we are also talking about for cause. So can you give maybe some examples of why a provider would be terminated for cause from the Medicaid Program?    Mr. Bucshon. Is there quality determinations in there too?    Mr. Bucshon. And that would be reported to the state or to CMS if they had those issues?    Mr. Bucshon. Mr. Gomez, could you talk maybe about the process of terminating providers from your state Medicaid Program and how that process works in your state?    Mr. Bucshon. So I am talking about the process of, how do you determine that it is for cause? Who does that in your state, for example? I am just trying to get----    Mr. Bucshon. So, for example, I was a physician before. So there are physicians that get their privileges terminated at their hospital for a variety of reasons, right. Does that type of information get to the state?    Mr. Bucshon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I yield back.