    Dr. Volz. Good morning, Chairman Bridenstine, Ranking Member Bonamici, who unfortunately had to depart, and Members of the Committee. I'm Dr. Stephen Volz, as indicated, Assistant Administrator for NOAA's Satellite, Environmental, Data, and Information Service called NESDIS.    The United States depends on NOAA to collect and provide the critical Earth observations and information needed for weather forecasts, for disaster preparedness, all-hazards response and recovery, for the protection of critical infrastructure and natural resources, and also for the continued economic vitality of the nation.    Currently, NOAA's observation portfolio is strong and will soon be even stronger. NOAA has launched, with support from our partners, international and interagency, two missions over the last 18 months, first, the space weather Deep Space Climate Observing--Observatory satellite or DSCOVR in February of 2015 and also the ocean-observing satellite Jason-3 just earlier this year.    Within the next year, NOAA plans to launch the next-generation geostationary and polar-orbiting environmental satellites GOES-R and JPSS-1 and the COSMIC-2A radio occultation constellation of satellites. These launches are only the beginning of a series of next-generation satellites soon to take flight.    But a significant portion of what NESDIS does is not just in space. All elements of the integrated observing system with satellites, ground operations, assured satellite communications, reliable data archives are essential for our continued mission success. Beginning with the launch of JPSS-1, NESDIS will bring online in stages, a new upgraded ground operating system with enhanced reliability security, and lower data latency. This ground system will operate, ingest, and process data, providing information to users around the globe.    Similarly, for GOES-R we're deploying six new ground antennae enhanced to handle the increased data rate expected from GOES-R while staying within the narrow accessible frequency range allowed for our satellite transmissions.    In fiscal year 2016, NOAA received funding from Congress to initiate the polar follow-on, the extension of the polar constellation. With this critical funding, the JPSS program now includes five polar-orbiting satellites, Suomi NPP, JPSS-1, 2, 3, and 4. This series of satellites supported by a NOAA industrial collaboration over the past years and into the future years is making excellent progress now on the Polar Follow-On, procuring the critical instrument long lead items so that we can ensure the delivery of these satellites on cost and on schedule.    Earth's weather systems are a global phenomenon, and NOAA's satellites are only one piece of a global observing constellation. We are able to accomplish what we do because our many productive and mutually beneficial scientific and operations partnerships built up over years of cooperation and formal agreements that are underpinned by a full, open, and timely data-sharing policy. These partnerships allow us to ensure the continued operation of the robust global constellation needed to meet the needs of our users and stakeholders.    In order to produce trusted, reliable data that our nation depends on every day, quality, validated observations are needed from multiple polar orbits, as Mr. Chairman Bridenstine mentioned. Continuing our partnerships now 30 years strong, NOAA and the European Organisation for the Exploitation of Meteorological Satellites, or EUMETSAT, have agreed to share the burden of the polar-orbiting satellite for the next 25 years. NOAA and EUMETSAT will continue splitting coverage for the two primary orbits, the midmorning and afternoon, and openly sharing data from our--with our respective missions.    Within the United States, interagency collaboration allows us to leverage the capabilities, the capacity, and the infrastructure of other U.S. agencies such as with NASA, which is NOAA's acquisition agent, and with the Department of Defense. The United States Air Force Defense Meteorological Satellite Program, or DMSP satellites, provide observations for the third early-morning orbit that is important for us. And NOAA operates the ground system development and oversees daily operations of the DMSP satellites out of our NOAA Satellite Ops Facility in Suitland, Maryland. These partnerships continue to provide excellent value for the U.S. Government as a whole.    Looking to the future, we are now preparing for the future observing system, evaluating changes in technology, emerging partnership opportunities, and national trends. Partnerships with the commercial sector and academic institutions can provide flexibility, including more innovative observing approaches, potentially enhancing our overall observing system reliability.    This year, through the Commercial Weather Data Pilot, NESDIS is working with the emerging commercial Earth observation community to explore the present capabilities to meet NOAA's observing requirements. Our comprehensive system study will consider all sources as we map out the observing system of the future. Our goal is to deploy an observing system within stable budget requirements but which is also agile and resilient and is responsive to the rapidly changing capabilities and technology of the future.    We appreciate Congress' strong support and we look forward to answering questions during the hearing today. Thank you, sir.    Dr. Volz. Thank you. I think that the points you make is the need for greater coordination at the senior executive level. And as Mr. Stoffler mentioned, when the Air Force reached out to us after their Chinese assessment and asked for assistance, we were able to communicate to them our status on GOES but also that we have been working for some time with our European partners through an international Coordination Group on Meteorological Satellites for covering this particular observing system requirement over the Indian Ocean. So that had been in work for some time.    I bring that up because we have global coordination activities already in place for meteorological activities for--across all the major met agencies in the world. And this is one example where the need for observations over the Indian Ocean was well understood, and there had been a history and we knew it was going to be going away and there was a path for an interim solution to solve it.    So I think addressing the collaborative needs wouldn't necessarily require an executive committee but greater coordination between the DOD and NOAA as we serve in that role as the international agent for weather for the United States around the world and we have done for many, many years effectively.    Dr. Volz. I think the missions of the two agencies are very different, and the products and services the two agencies provide are different as well. NOAA has a very focused weather forecast alerts-and-warnings responsibility for the United States, and as part of our global observation generate the numerical weather predictions requires global observations. We also have oceans and coastal observation requirements, and products and services we provide.    When you think about speaking--it's not my field exactly--but what the DOD is providing is a very service-oriented delivery to their own resources or their own applications. We provide a general observation requirement in weather forecasting for all users, and it's up to our other users to come up with more specific, detailed recommendations in forecasts and products for their particular service application.    So I don't think it's overlap in terms of the mission requirements. Ours are broader and more general to the general populace, and DOD has a completely different mission from ours.    Dr. Volz. In order to generate accurate forecasts and for our numerical weather modeling, we need distributed data and observations from around the globe as frequently as possible. The models we use right now are--rely on all three orbits for provision of data. So the timing, those 6:30 a.m., the 9:30 a.m., and the 1:30 p.m. timing are equally important to the generation of our data models in our forecasts.    Dr. Volz. I say the distribution of the timing of the data are equally important. You need that snapshot from different times of the day. We have different sensors in the different orbits, so some are more powerful than others, so the impact of individual measurements from an afternoon orbit may be more than the early-morning orbit because of the quality of the instrument--    Dr. Volz. --but you need at least the weather and temperature soundings at those three orbits to support the overall numerical weather modeling.    Dr. Volz. We've looked at over the years answering that question as we went through the generation of the JPSS program in a few years ago looking at what we called data denial studies or analyses of the impact of the loss of a particular orbit. And it does show up as a reduction in the accuracy of the forecasts in the three- to five- or seven-day forecast period when you remove one leg of that three-legged stool. And I can give you the specific numbers. I can't quote them off the top of my head, but there is a marked change in the accuracy of the forecast in the short-term forecasts with the loss of any one of those three.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, we can take that    Dr. Volz. --and respond.    Dr. Volz. Yes, please. I'd like to respond to that. I agree with both the points of our GAO representation--representatives have made. It's consistency and clarity, consistency of the requirements and clarity of the mission I think which are key. And the NPOESS example was a forced marriage between different organizations with different service provisions that we talked about earlier.    And I think the lesson was learned, and it has been applied on our JPSS program. In fact, since the 2011 initiation, we have held the Q-2 fiscal year 2017 launch date for the JPSS mission for the last five years plus. So we've been able--with changes and challenges that we have in development, we've managed to keep that launch schedule on track. And we've addressed the changes in requirements by holding to a firm baseline of requirements, and that's the provision of the follow-ons is that we do not want to change the mission now when we have a proven instrument, a proven complement. We can build it again with reliability and with an accurate cost and schedule.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir, and thank you. That's an excellent point. And that was part of the dialogue we've been having with the GAO over the past couple of months about how we do our fly-out charts, how we do our projections. One case of terminology, we don't extend life. We update our analysis on the projection of probable life. We don't decide to terminate or to extend; it's whether the satellite is functioning or not. And we use our analysis, our understanding of its performance to see how far we can project that performance into the future.    So what we have done with Suomi NPP, different from our legacy satellites is from the start done statistical analysis of the instrument capabilities, the instrument performance, the spacecraft lifetime, the operations of it, how it wears out over time. And based on the information from the satellite and the general understanding of our electronic parts and hardware, in the whole aerospace industry, come up with projected probability of success or P sub S for these satellites into the future.    That is our new baseline approach for Suomi NPP, and it will be for JPSS and for our GOES satellites going forward. It was not a methodology that was applied in the previous years, so when we try and apply that same rigor to legacy satellites which don't have the basis of information that we started with, it's hard to retrofit that analysis. So we're not going to be able look at a POES satellite launch 15 years ago and apply the same rigor of analysis that we can to JPSS. We don't have the basis. But our plan is to have a transparent process for how we do this on an annual basis, how we update our fly-out charts, where the assumptions that are built into it are stated, and then we can discuss whether they're appropriate, but they're clearly stated for all to see.    Dr. Volz. So given the--the answer to the first question is I don't have clarity on the exact breakup reasons for NOAA 16. It was non-communicative at the time. It had been inert for some time, so it spontaneously devolved or broke up. So we don't know the root cause. We can speculate on what they might be.    But whether it was something internal to the spacecraft or a micrometeor object debris, those effects and those risk factors are factored into our analysis of Suomi NPP. So we routinely, for example, do debris-avoidance maneuvers for Suomi NPP when we know based on our tracking that there are potential conjunctions with other debris. So we are mitigating that to the extent that we can, that we can see these objects.    As I mentioned before, the health and status, the battery life, the propulsion systems in the satellite we monitor on a regular basis, so spontaneous explosion or breakup from anything internal or tracking the engineering capabilities very carefully on the spacecraft to know whether or not that's a possibility and mitigating them if we see any effects.    Dr. Volz. It's going at a relatively breakneck speed. I know that may not seem like that to the commercial side, but to the government side, it is relatively quick. We have--since the--beginning of this fiscal year with the authorization for the weather data pilot, we have, as you mentioned in you, or I think Bonamici mentioned in her opening, we have released our process for evaluation. We released an RFI to the community for opportunities for provision of data for us to evaluate as part of the pilot process, and we currently have on the street a draft Request For Quotations from the commercial industry to sell data to NOAA, to NESDIS for us to evaluate radio occultation data for suitability in our use for weather modeling. We expect that to be closed in a couple of weeks. We actually have industry day this afternoon to answer questions, and the actual request will go out in early August. And our target is to have data on hand from vendors or at least under contract by the end of this fiscal year.    The challenge right now is that the available data is an empty set. There are no observing commercial systems out there now providing data that we can use. That's why we asked for an extension to fiscal year 2017. And the RFQ will actually ask for data up through April of 2017, for--anticipating the launch of these assets in the next 6 months so that we can get those data on board, pay for them, and do our evaluation process internally.    Dr. Volz. Yes, sir. The robust means essentially single-fault tolerant or two failures to a gap, which means you can lose any major on-orbit asset and have a second one ready to support the same mission, provide the same information content without interruption. So that would require redundant capability on orbit at the same time.    We are in that situation, for example, right now with the geostationary satellite constellation. We have two active and one is a backup for either of the two so we could lose one and a satellite could move over and give us the same coverage. We are not in that condition right now in the polar because although we have legacy POES satellites, they are not as capable and not as functioning at the capacity of the Suomi NPP satellite.    So when we look at the JPSS-1 and the JPSS-2, getting to the JPSS-2 launch so we have both J-1 and a J-2 on orbit both effectively in their prime of life, get you to that condition of robustness where you have two fully functioning satellites in their prime lifetime ready to support the mission.    Dr. Volz. It's on orbit ready redundancy effectively, yes.    Dr. Volz. The robust condition, that is one approach. That is one piece of the robustness. It also requires the overall observing system is ready and available and functioning as well, which includes not only those two satellites, but as we mentioned that we have other assets in the morning orbit from the Europeans and the early a.m. orbit from the DMSP and from other partner satellites that we have a functioning ground system which is redundant and capable to handle. If we have a hurricane come through in one, we have a backup system, we have redundant antennas, et cetera.    So the overall observing system on the NOAA piece needs to be robust and reliable, and the observing system of a global system needs to be able to provide the data that we rely on. Quite frankly, our partnership with the Europeans is essential as part of our collaborative efforts going through the years. And their constellation robustness is as strong, their requirements are as strong as ours.    Dr. Volz. When you talk about the future capabilities, there are potentially a number that are likely to be coming around in the near term that are not yet available. Chairman Bridenstine mentioned hyperspectral as one possibility. There are a number of small satellite or even CubeSat versions of sounders that are being planned or--NASA is working on launching and we're working with NASA to understand the planned capabilities there.    You look for areas where technologies are scalable to smaller size or affordable by venture capitalists or small companies and can meet our requirements. So those three factors fold in in a couple of potentially significant ways, like I mentioned, hyperspectral, microwave sounding, and additional radio occultation.    Imagery has already gone through this transition. We're not a big imagery buyer, but industry is already seeing that there are commercial applications.    Our Commercial Weather Pilot focused on radio occultation first and foremost because that was the most mature of these potentially emerging capabilities, but I fully expect that as we continue our engagement with the commercial sector, as we look at our strategic plan for the next emerging capabilities for our constellation, that there will be others who are reaching that same level of maturity that will need to be evaluated for their suitability for our measurements.    Dr. Volz. For the immediate future we're focused right now on the radio occultation in the fiscal year 2016, fiscal year 2017. We are looking at options in fiscal year 2017. We've issued another call for interest on other measurements. Hyperspectral may be one, I mean, without tailoring it to specific targets seeing what else is likely to be in the market available. We are moving forward on our space weather architecture and there are potential, and have been expressed interest in providing space weather observations that could be useful as well. So these are areas in the '17 in the near-term time frame that may be viable for satisfying.    Our focus has to be on understanding the capabilities and seeing how they match our requirements and our observational needs. We are a requirements-driven organization, so we look to what our requirements are and how they can best be met. And we consider commercial emerging along with government-built as the--what would be the best match to meet our mission objectives.    Dr. Volz. Right now for radio occultation we have seen suggestions of launches in the next year. So that would mean we would be looking at data from an RO system potentially by this time next year or in fiscal year 2017 that would be ready for evaluation. For these other hyperspectral, it's more suggested, and it would depend on the maturity and the development pace of the industry itself. I would not be surprised to see something in the '18 to '19 time frame or there'll be potential demonstrations on orbit at some of these others, but it depends on sources and investments by others outside of our organization.    Dr. Volz. We have no immediate backup in orbit for the ATMS. However, for the observing system requirements, ATMS is one of a number of observations. You asked the question earlier what does the loss of one satellite mean, and we can get back to that specific answer. The loss of one instrument on one satellite has an impact as well, but the system itself has multiple observation points that are brought in that are used as part of the numerical weather forecasting modeling. I don't have the exact result to tell you what the specific impact would be for the loss of ATMS. I can get that back to you. We've done these studies in the past.    But the overall observing system, as we've talked about already here, relies on multiple observations from multiple points, so the loss of any particular asset, while unfortunate, doesn't derail the entire observing system. It's an impact that has to be absorbed if we don't have a backup for it in place at the same time, which is the point of getting to the robust as quickly as we can.    Dr. Volz. I think you pinpoint the exact challenge we have is that we're in an age of explosion of data availability, and the utilization of it effectively is going to be our greatest challenge. And it's not just satellite data. It's incorporating and merging satellite data with in situ ground data, airborne data to get a better holistic pitcher of what's going on. And I think it's always going to be--we're always going to be running uphill on this and trying to get greater computing power. As we bring in more data, as we simulate more data sources, the challenges are going get more and more challenging.    So even though at this point we've come a long way in the past three years with our high-performance computing within NOAA and it's enabled us to ingest other data sources as part of our gap mitigation efforts to support the polar constellations, but now with the launch of GOES-R coming on in just a few months, which is going to have a significant--60-fold increase in the data rate that we see from now-casting, how we integrate those data sets into the weather forecast on modeling in the offices is going to challenge us as well.    So there will always be need for incremental and sometimes leaps-forward steps in high-performance computing and the modeling to ingest these new data sets. So I would never be comfortable saying we're good where we are now. We are using what we have, but we're always trying to figure out how to bring these other data sets in more efficiently and more effectively. It's going to be an ongoing challenge for as long as we're working on this.    Dr. Volz. NOAA does not use Russian or Chinese data in our modeling and in our forecasts. We work with the scientific community, with the academic community. Where the data are available through our international partnerships, where the data are available for assessment and analysis, and we are working with our academic partners to understand the capabilities. And they are getting stronger and better. So there is enticing the availability or the quality of the data that are available. We are not at this time using them as part of our primary products and services.    Dr. Volz. I don't know if there is or not.    Dr. Volz. We're not using them at the moment. I do not know what the official policy might be on this.    Dr. Volz. There are a number of observations in their report, and I think Mr. Powner has talked about the challenge of building efficiency versus developing stale satellites which sit around for a long time. And we've look very carefully at the lessons from our own POES and from DMSP of how long those satellites should be in storage and how much you want to be able to refresh technology.    And I think the point was made that we need to show how our plan is robust and appropriate mixture of stability and requirements but also efficiency and production and procurement. So I believe that the approach that we have as we're going through this year, this calendar year of the final program review of what the approach would be for the launch cadence, for the launch development cadence for the PFO instrument satellites will address those questions.    I think what we have is we're doing two things at once. We're building at the most effective price-wise point to build these satellites, but we're also building to get to that robust constellation as quickly as we can. It only takes one launch failure to disrupt an entire plan of what your launch cadence should be. So we want to be able to have a satellite in storage and ready when we need it, but we don't want to have it sitting in storage for 20 years.    I think we've got the right balance in the way that we've built and we plan on testing and storing the satellites, again, taking lessons from other satellite histories to do this appropriately for the JPSS PFO program.    Dr. Volz. No. The JPSS and the GOES-R satellite series are leaps forward in capabilities and instrumentation. It is the next generation, particularly for the GOES that we're seeing in the launch this fall. JPSS is leveraging the instruments that were developed in a research basis for the Suomi NPP satellite, which was launched in 2011. The JPSS-1 through 4 satellites will have those same instruments, so there is effectively consistent performance and observations set that we will have for the next 20 years from those four satellites. GOES-R will have a similar 20-year period from '16 to the mid-'30s.    That doesn't mean our observing system is stagnant at that point. We've talked about all these other emerging capabilities, the other international partnerships that are bringing their satellites in for the commercial side. That backbone of those foundational measurements that are going to get from JPSS and GOES complement and support the other measurements that come in. And then we have the challenges that Chairman Bridenstine just mentioned of merging those different data to an integrated system which provides a much more holistic and higher-quality understanding of the environment that we're trying to provide.    Dr. Volz. Excellent point in that what we're launching in 15 years from now or 20 years from now is the next generation following what we have right now. So we are in the process right now of starting a next-generation mission assessment and development, our architecture studies of what should be the leap after JPSS and GOES-R. There's a generational cycle of major performance upgrades, and whether it's 10 or 20 years, it's 20 years roughly where you have that basis where you get used to using those instruments where all the modeling and all the forecasters are using them, and you add incrementally from other satellite observations increased capacity.    And then, as we have this basis for JPSS, we are now looking at what should be the thing that follows, launching in the 2030s. And we'll do that with testing and demonstrations with commercial satellite examples, with NASA research and other research satellites that are demonstrating capabilities. And we'll be able to pick from those on-orbit experiments the best step forward as opposed to just sitting in an a priori position, saying I know what it should be. We get to demonstrate with these research satellites and with the commercial side to then decide what's the most effective path forward for the backbone of the next generation, which will be launching in the mid-'30s.    We will start building that in the next few years, but we won't deploy it until after these four satellites, this constellation is gone.    Dr. Volz. Yes, we did, and we actually made a conscious decision a year ago, as we rolled out the plan for the PFO, that we would hold the requirements baseline for the PFO JPSS-3 and 4 satellites to the same standards we set for JPSS-1 and 2. We did that consciously aware of exactly the point I think that Ms. Chaplain mentioned is that when you change requirements on the system in the middle, you're basically developing a new system and you lose all control of your cost and schedule. We made that conscious decision that this suite of four satellites would be consistent, and we have now the contracts in place for the spacecraft, for all the instruments so that we can accurately project and deliver those instruments.    But the system evolves, and the system then brings other capabilities in addition to the JPSS. So the overall capability of observing is going to increase and improve over time, but this portion of it is going to be stable, and the funding and the requirements will be well defined and well characterized.