    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the conversation we are having about regulatory relief for our local Main Street institutions.    I would like to turn a little focus, Mr. Ireland, if I could--when you appeared before this committee in June, we had the opportunity to discuss a piece of bipartisan legislation that I had introduced, H.R. 1660, the Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Act. As you may recall, the bill permits a Federal savings association to elect to operate subject to supervision by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency with the same rights and duties of a national bank.    You spoke favorably about the bill, stating that it would save time and money, streamline our regulatory system, and would appropriately balance caution and restraint with the ability to innovate and to provide financial services to consumers and businesses. Am I correct in understanding that you still hold those views?    Mr. Rothfus. Thank you.    Today, I would like to continue that discussion about thrifts and mutual institutions and talk about the regulatory burdens that these institutions face and their ability to grow to meet the needs of their local communities. On a basic level, can you please describe how mutual banks differ from other types of financial institutions and how they are going to raise capital?    Mr. Rothfus. I am glad you raised that, because I have introduced another commonsense bipartisan piece of legislation, H.R. 1661, the Mutual Bank Capital Opportunity Act of 2015, which would provide mutual institutions with the option of issuing a mutual capital certificate to raise additional capital without sacrificing their structure. By statute, the certificates would qualify as Tier 1 common equity capital and share many of the same qualities as preferred stock. Do you have any comments about this proposal?    Mr. Rothfus. Dr. Kupiec, at a recent roundtable discussion in Pittsburgh, one of my local community bankers stated that the current regulatory environment is ``as harsh as it has ever been. Harsher.'' Another local banker described the Federal regulatory environment as, ``death by a thousand cuts,'' and pleaded that community institutions--and he emphatically said this--need help now.    In this Congress, the committee has already marked up a long list of bills that would help fix this, and we are considering more good bills today. In your opinion, what is the one proposal that Congress could pass tomorrow that would make the most difference?    Mr. Rothfus. Or any of the bills that we have done to date, these seven.    Mr. Rothfus. Would you agree with the assessment that the environment is harsh?    Mr. Rothfus. And do you see the same kind of urgency for regulatory reform that this community institution would have been telling me about?    Mr. Rothfus. Mr. Ireland, do you have any idea on what one proposal that Congress could pass tomorrow that would make the most difference for community institutions?    Mr. Rothfus. I yield back.