    Dr. Monroe. Good afternoon, Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. I am Dr. Steve Monroe, CDC's associate director for Laboratory Science and Safety. I serve as the single point of accountability for the quality and safety of CDC's laboratories, and I report directly to the CDC director, Dr. Tom Frieden.    My office was created last year to provide oversight of the safety and quality of CDC's internal laboratories. This is distinct from the regulatory role of CDC's Division of Select Agents and Toxins. I exercise no authority over the Federal Select Agent Program's regulations or their enforcement activities. My office does ensure that those CDC laboratories that work with select agents comply with the select agent regulations. Moreover, our responsibility for laboratory safety includes comprehensive oversight of biological, chemical and radiation safety in all CDC laboratories whether or not they work with select agents.    CDC's laboratories play an indispensable role in protecting the public's health. Our laboratories screen newborns for rare illnesses, detect outbreaks that threaten American communities, and invent new ways to detect emerging infectious diseases. The inactivation of pathogens in CDC's laboratories is a critical part of this work.    Inactivation destroys a pathogen's ability to cause infection which allows subsequent laboratory work to occur at lower levels of containment. This both enhances safety for workers at CDC and expands the number of laboratories able to work on pathogens that would typically require higher levels of containment. Inactivation enables the generation of vaccines for viruses like influenza and polio, helps scientists find new ways to diagnose disease, and protects the safety of laboratory staff and the public.    However, it is critical that when laboratories inactivate pathogens they do so safely, completely and verifiably. The incomplete inactivation of Bacillus anthracis in a CDC laboratory in 2014 was a seminal event that led to major safety reforms within CDC including the creation of my position and office. I take very seriously the importance of safe inactivation of pathogens in our laboratories.    This afternoon I want to briefly highlight two ways we are strengthening pathogen inactivation at CDC. The first is the creation of the Laboratory Safety Review Board. This group is charged with reviewing every protocol for the inactivation and transfer of biological materials out of CDC's BSL-3 and BSL-4 laboratories to lower levels of containment. It examines every part of the protocol, reviews every standard operating procedure, and ensures that scientists who perform inactivation have appropriate skills and training. Its creation is a signature safety reform and represents a fundamental change in the oversight of inactivation of pathogens in CDC's laboratories.    The second way we aim to strengthen inactivation at CDC and throughout laboratories in general is through enhancements to the reference guide, ``Biosafety in Microbiological and Biomedical Laboratories,'' or BMBL. The BMBL created in partnership with the National Institutes of Health is a comprehensive guide on biosafety practices and policies for laboratories working with pathogens.    In recognition of the BMBL's influence with the laboratory community, the GAO report on inactivation recommended and CDC and NIH concurred that the upcoming revision to BMBL include clear definitions of inactivation and clear and consistent guidance for the development and implementation of inactivation protocols. CDC and NIH are working together to incorporate this definition and guidance in the next version of BMBL.    Laboratory safety and CDC is not a single objective that can be accomplished and checked off, but rather is an ongoing commitment to a culture of safety that demands constant dedication. Ensuring our laboratories perform effective inactivation of pathogens is an important example of CDC's commitment to this culture. We have made major strides in strengthening the agency's approach to inactivation and will continue to monitor and improve our efforts in this area.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify on this important matter. I welcome any questions you may have.    Dr. Monroe. So whenever there's an issue that we recognize with inactivation failures or other issues related to dangerous pathogens, we immediately, my office is involved in finding out what the root cause is.    Dr. Monroe. That is a part of our cultural responsibility. The disciplinary action is a management decision that's outside of my office.    Dr. Monroe. There's not currently one agency that has the breadth of expertise that would be needed to run that oversight.    Dr. Monroe. Thank you, sir. So what you're referring to, I believe, is a program that we established this fiscal year to do intramural research to look at this issue of inactivation, disinfection and other activities around the science behind the laboratory safety that we're involved with. And we do have a project that includes looking at alternative ways to inactivate Zika and other arthropod-borne viruses as a part of that work.    Dr. Monroe. Yes, sir. But again it depends on what the specific use is for the material that's going to be used downstream. And so for our scientists it's important to have a method that'll work for their activities.    Dr. Monroe. Very good.    Dr. Monroe. So as I just alluded to, within CDC we did allocate funds within this fiscal year for some intramural work to look at specific issues around inactivation and other issues with laboratory safety. Part of the problem here is again the notion that there's not one perfect way to inactivate any pathogen because it really depends on what you're going to do with that pathogen in the downstream uses.    There has been some coordination among agencies, for instance, and Major General Holcomb can describe this, alluded to this already in her testimony that the efforts at DoD to look specifically at using irradiation to inactivate Bacillus anthracis. Because we were aware that that work was going on at DoD, there's no work that's comparable to that that's going on currently at CDC.    Dr. Monroe. At CDC, likewise, specifically for anthrax, workers who work with live anthrax are offered the vaccine as a prophylactic, and then we do keep supplies in our occupational health clinic of the appropriate antibiotics in case there would be an exposure in the lab.    Dr. Monroe. There are for, you know, the workers who are working in the laboratory. With the incident that we had in 2014, where there was the potential that there were workers who were exposed in other parts of the agency who would not normally, we may not in all cases have a stockpile on site within CDC to treat, you know, essentially every employee at the agency.    Dr. Monroe. But we would have access through the Strategic National Stockpile. If there were truly an incident where there was widespread release of an agent, we would be able to with the other resources available bring in enough antibiotic to treat the appropriate population.    Dr. Monroe. Right. So what I can say is for the four incidents of the 21 that did occur at CDC facilities, three of those involved chemical inactivation, so the material was not fully inactivated by the chemical processing so there was no equipment per se that was involved. The fourth one was a mixup of samples such that the non-inactivated samples were brought out of the lab. So in our experience we have not had an issue that we would relate to an equipment failure.    Dr. Monroe. Yes. The Laboratory Safety Review Board that I mentioned reviews all protocols for any BSL-3 or 4 agent regardless of whether or not it's a select agent, including tuberculosis.    Dr. Monroe. Yes, including tuberculosis and others.