    Ms. Meng. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, to our Ranking Member Sherman and all our distinguished witnesses who are here today. Thank you for attending this important hearing.    Before I go forward with my remarks, I also want to take a moment to acknowledge the earthquake in Taiwan this past Saturday.    It was a terrible tragedy and I know people, not just in Taiwan and around the world, but my constituents in New York are very concerned as well.    I know that rescue efforts are ongoing and I too want to thank all the volunteers and people who have come forward to help.    Both my colleagues and I will be keeping a close eye on the progress.    The purpose of today's hearing is to assess the future of U.S.-Taiwan relations, particularly in light of the January 16th Presidential elections, and I too want to extend my congratulations to Dr. Tsai as the first female President in Taiwan.    I congratulate the people of Taiwan for their steadfast adherence to democracy and I look forward to improving our robust relationship.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Ms. Meng. Ms. Thornton, there is a sense that part of the momentum toward President-elect Tsai's election was a response to a slowing of Taiwan's economy, particularly with exports and imports.    President-elect Tsai has specifically mentioned plans to have a closer economic relationship with the United States.    However, U.S. businesses in Taiwan report facing inadequate or outdated laws, government bureaucracy, inconsistent regulatory interpretations and a lack of regulatory transparency, et cetera, as barriers to further economic development.    What is your sense of the political will of President-elect Tsai and the newly-elected DPP majority in the Legislative Yuan to address these issues directly?    Ms. Meng. And my second question on a different topic, our relation to the South China Sea. How do recent reports of possible joint naval patrols by the U.S. and India in the South China Sea work into the U.S.'s priority to de-escalate tensions there?    Ms. Meng. Thank you. I yield back.