    Mr. Sullivan. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee.    I am Patrick Sullivan, assistant inspector general for investigations for the EPA and the Chemical Safety Board. Thank you for inviting me to appear before you today.    I plan to discuss two matters related to CSB.    The first is a report of investigation that Inspector General Arthur Elkins sent to the President on January 22 of this year addressing conduct by CSB Chairman Rafael Moure-Eraso and two of the senior staff members. The second relates to our audit work at CSB.    I will provide an overview of CSB's document production and its use of nongovernmental email systems for official communications. On or about February 6, 2013, the OIG received information alleging that CSB officials were conducting official business via nongovernmental email accounts. During our investigation, the OIG made a request to the CSB for communications pertaining to official CSB matters that were sent via nongovernmental email systems.    CSB declined to provide all the requested documents and provided some documents and emails in redacted form. This refusal of access to the OIG constituted a particularly serious or flagrant problem under the IG act. And Inspector General Elkins was compelled to issue a 7-day letter to Chairman Moure-Eraso on September--in September 2013. CSB nevertheless again refused to provide the emails and forwarded the IG's 7-day letter along with the CSB response to Congress.    In June 2014, this committee held a hearing on these issues. Following the hearing, the committee directed the CSB to turn over the emails to the OIG, and the agency provided a number of responsive documents. My office completed its investigation, finding information sufficient to support conclusions that Chairman Moure-Eraso and Mr. Loeb purposefully used private nongovernmental email systems to communicate on CSB matters. Also, these communications were not preserved as official records.    Regarding the OIG report of investigation on February 9, Chairman Moure-Eraso responded in writing to the White House Counsel. We are awaiting the President's determination as to whether disciplinary action is warranted. At various times, Chairman Moure-Eraso and Mr. Loeb explained what action was taken to correct the use of nongovernmental email systems for official CSB communications.    In its February 2015 letter to the White House Counsel, the Chairman Stated, ``All the individuals who are cited in the OIG's Memorandum of Report and Investigations of January 16, 2015, have zealously abided by the IG's email preservation recommendations since the OIG first made us aware of this issue,'' More recently, in fact just 2 days ago, on March 2, Inspector General Elkins received a letter from the Chairman saying that remedial actions have been taken at CSB. But we have yet to receive statements from the Chairman, Mr. Loeb, and Mr. Horowitz, which was asked for in August 2014, certifying that they have fully complied with the OIG's request for documents.    During our investigation, a document requested--a document request to Mr. Horowitz turned up a nongovernmental email communication among him, Chairman Moure-Eraso, and Mr. Loeb, dated August 21, 2013. The date is relevant because it occurred after Mr. Loeb told congressional investigators in the OIG that the use of nongovernmental emails for official business had ceased. Further, we found emails between Mr. Loeb and Mr. Horowitz sent via nongovernmental email accounts pertinent to previously received allegations from a confidential source that a high-level employee in the Office of Special Counsel had compromised the identities of whistleblowers at the CSB.    We have an ongoing--we have ongoing audits on CSB contracts, purchase card improper payments, and CSB governance. A recent CSB Board abolished 18 Board orders, which eliminated internal controls that were being reviewed as part of an ongoing OIG audit. There are five CSB related OIG audit reports with open and unresolved recommendations. Agencies are supposed to be establish a resolution process for such situations. However, the CSB has never done so.    Today, I believe I have several areas of significant concern with regard to potential waste, fraud, and abuse as identified by the EPA OIG in our investigative and audit work.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared statement. My colleague, Kevin Christensen, our assistant inspector general for audit, and I will be prepared to answer any questions that you and the committee may have. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Sullivan. No, sir. We cannot be certain until we get a certification from each individual that they have complied with our request. They have not done so yet.    Mr. Sullivan. Based on our investigation, we focused our inquiry on Mr. Moure-Eraso, Mr. Loeb, and Mr. Horowitz. On March 2, we received a letter from the Chairman indicating that additional CSB members had utilized private email accounts. This first came to our attention on March 2. And we are currently examining that information. And we intend to pursue further inquiries in that regard.    Mr. Sullivan. They have asserted that to us, sir. That's correct.    Mr. Sullivan. But we have not confirmed that. That's what they've asserted to us, but we have not physically checked to ensure that those records are preserved, but we intend to do so.    Mr. Sullivan. There were numerous discussions of CSB business, which should have been covered under the dot-gov email accounts. Specifically, though, the issue of the compliance that we requested, we sent a request from Mr. Horowitz, Mr. Loeb, and Mr. Moure-Eraso to fill out a form. It's a statement of compliance, and we asked them to certify that they completed the correct record searches using correct search terms and that they've searched their private email accounts. We've yet to receive this document back certifying that they've done that.    Mr. Sullivan. No, he sent a letter saying that he searched the records, but neither of the three gentleman we've requested have submitted this document to us specifically stating exactly the methodology they used to conduct the searches. That's what we need to certify that they're in compliance.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sullivan. The White House Counsel has communicated with our counsel, saying it was received. And the Counsel's Office in the White House forwarded it on to Dr. Moure-Eraso for his reply, and we've received Dr. Moure-Eraso's reply.    We've had no further communication from the White House, whether or not disciplinary action is planned.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, sir.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, Mr. Mulvaney, we did.    Mr. Sullivan. It's to ensure that there's transparency and accountability, especially if someone files--a citizen files a Freedom of Information Act request, that the records will be available, and for oversight for Congress and for the inspector generals to have access to records.    Mr. Sullivan. The agency heads are responsible for ensuring compliance.    Mr. Sullivan. To ensure records are kept in a timely, efficient manner.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, in some agencies, private email is blocked. I can tell you that from my experience in the Federal Government. So you can only use the government email account. But in most agencies it's not blocked. You just go to Gmail or Yahoo, and you open up your email, and you start sending messages. It's fairly simple.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, it's my understanding, sir, to be technical, I think it's to prohibit the use of government business on private email accounts. I don't think there's a Presidential directive that you can't check your personal email on a government computer.    Mr. Sullivan. The prohibition is you cannot conduct government business using private email accounts.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, it really depends.    Mr. Sullivan. I think if you're a member of that agency, it would be. But if you're sending it to another government agency, I don't know. I think it would get a little murky at that point.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes.    Mr. Sullivan. You can see----    Mr. Sullivan. Right.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, sir. Clearly, it does not say ``.gov,'' so you know it's from a private account.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, hypothetically, it's obvious from the address in the email whether it's a dot-gov or not. Yes, it would be fairly--fairly self-evident.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, I certainly know that in the Inspector General's Office, and I would assume most government officials know that.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, I think that's a safe assumption.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes.    Mr. Sullivan. It's required training.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, Ms. Norton. That's correct.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, ma'am, I do.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes. I have two copies here for both yourself and for the majority.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, ma'am. This is a template, and it's been--it's been specified here for the specific case we are working on. And you can see, in paragraph 3, we have the specific search terms that we're interested in in this investigation.    So it's a template that we use, but it's been--it's been kind of drilled down to be specific for the investigation involving the Chemical Safety Board and specifically involving Mr. Moure-Eraso, Mr. Loeb, and Mr. Horowitz.    Mr. Sullivan. Yes, ma'am. We just cannot accept a letter saying that we've checked our records. We have to determine what the methodology is. Did you use these important search terms that we're asking for? Did you have any records with any of these individuals' names mentioned that--it's important to our investigation. Because we cannot access a personal email account unless we have a search warrant. And, this time, the U.S. Attorney's office had already declined a criminal prosecution, so we had no means to get a search warrant.    So the only way we could possibly obtain compliance is self-compliance, with an affidavit to us stating that they've done what we've asked them to do.    Mr. Sullivan. We sent it to his chief counsel August 2014. This is after we received some of the records. We wanted to ensure--be ensured that it was complete, the records that were turned over to us.    Mr. Sullivan. I am not--I don't know, sir. Sorry.    Mr. Sullivan. August 2013.    Mr. Sullivan. Well, we would not be involved in any process of removal. What our role would be is to present the facts in a clear and unbiased way, present them to the next level above to take--to take the potential disciplinary action. In this case, our report of investigation was sent to the President because he is in effect Dr. Moure-Eraso's supervisor.    Mr. Sullivan. Can you repeat your----    Mr. Sullivan. I didn't understand the question, Mr. Hurd.    Mr. Sullivan. I don't know, sir.