    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Madam Chairman. I appreciate you all being here to discuss this so we can reform the nutrition program so we get the best benefit for the end-user, and that the American taxpayers' dollars go to wise use.    Mr. Weill, you just said that the studies determined that SNAP has decreased food insecurity. I think I just heard you say that?    Mr. Yoho. No offense, but those are kind of common sense things, that if we put more money into the system, in people's hands, it is going to increase their buying and purchasing power. Have we done beyond that, to saying why are people in that situation in the first place? And I know we are coming out of a terrible economic time, but what is the breakdown to where people are in that, and we have such a high number of people on food assistance?    And, again, I have said this in this Committee before, being a veterinarian, I have dealt with every species of animals, whether the parent raises that child, or that offspring, and then teaches it the way to go and weans it. We are the only species on the planet that seems to be going backwards. Are we looking at the underlying cause of why we are here, and having so many people on nutrition programs?    Mr. Yoho. All right. If we took that category out, and we looked at able-bodied people, and not looked at the poor, the elderly, the disabled, but look at that one group of individuals, how much does that account for the spending on nutritional programs?    Mr. Yoho. Is anybody else----    Mr. Yoho. I am going to reclaim my time, because what you described is a situation where it is an ongoing process, and we are not going to work ourselves out of this until we change something. And we have had the War on Poverty for 50 years. We put $20 trillion into that, and we are going backwards in that process. Somewhere the cycle has to be brought--and I am all for helping people get into a system, get them educated, get them to move beyond that so that we break that cycle. But what I hear on these programs is we are just following the same thing over and putting more money in there. We have to break that cycle, and that is what I am looking for. The panels, as they come in here, how do we break this cycle? How do we get beyond this? You know, as you guys--well, I don't want to get into that. That is where I would really like to hear from you guys.    And let me ask you this. I mean, you are in a faith-based organization, right?    Mr. Yoho. Yes. Texas Hunger Initiative----    Mr. Yoho. I am going to have to cut you off because I am out of time. Thank you for your answer.    The Chairwoman. Yes, and to the Members, I apologize, we have another set of votes coming. Mr. Aguilar, the chair recognizes you for 5 minutes.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Madam Chair. Thank you all for being here.    Ms. Riley, let me start with you. What led to your success? I mean was it an internal desire to become great at what you do, was it the physical attributes, was it mentors around you that inspired you that led you into that, or was it a government program?    Mr. Yoho. All of the above?    Mr. Yoho. I agree with that. You were going to say something else?    Mr. Yoho. All right. Is there one that was greater than the other? Loving, nurturing mother that gave you the can-do attitude?    Mr. Yoho. Well, absolutely. None of us would be here without it. There are a lot of us that have stories like you. We have seen people throughout history have that. This Committee has heard my story too many times to repeat it, other than when my wife and I were married, we were picking up soda bottles to get by because there were no jobs. It was during the 1970s.    The point is--and, Dr. Ochoa, you brought up hungry kids, low performance, food insecurity, we know all these things. We know about the prenatal vitamin supplements and all those things that are necessary to have and birth a healthy child. We know all those. We can do those studies over and over again. Those are the facts. I mean that is just science. And it is important to have those.    Dr. Haskins, you brought out that the single-parent households have the highest level of poverty and the highest level of food insecurity, and I agree. And these are all facts that we know. To me, we are treating a symptom and not treating the underlying problem. The underlying problem, to me, is responsibility in a lot of this case. Not all these. Because if we talk about the elderly or the disadvantaged, the people that can't work, that is a whole different category, but for the able-bodied person to raise children in the 21st century in America and not be responsible for that child--and I am a veterinarian by trade, and if we have somebody that doesn't take care of an animal, the county steps in and they will educate them, sometimes fine them, sometimes take that animal away. And I said this in a meeting, actually with my priest, and he said, so you want to treat children like people--or you want to treat children like animals. I said no, but do we treat our animals better than we do our children? And to go along Mr. McGovern's case here, the plan to end hunger in America. I think that is a noble cause, but we need to look at the underlying cause, why are parents having children, multiple children, if they can't have the responsibility to take care of them? Is there any penalty for not taking care of a child? Does anybody want to weigh-in on that?    Mr. Yoho. Before that though.    Dr. Haskins.--their rights----    Mr. Yoho. I mean before----    Mr. Yoho. Well, my house got repossessed when I was 15 and there were six of us in the household. And, I understand that plight, and it is, again, it was the opportunity that we took advantage of and I never wanted to repeat that for my children.    I yield back.    The Chairwoman. The chair recognizes Ms. Plaskett, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for being here. A couple things come up. One is the root cause of hunger, reading your reports here, and where it says the fact that 40 percent of the children in the United States are now born to parents that are not married, and it is a key explanation for the continued existence of hunger. Do you have any recommendations on how we can structure the family--and I believe in a traditional family, but I am not going to dictate that to anybody else, nor should the Federal Government. But what metrics can we look at to incentivize a family unit, whatever that person defines it as, because I know there are single mothers or single dads out there, and they have a family unit, and it may be different than what I see.    What do you see that we can do differently to incentivize a situation where that single family doesn't have this problem? Because, with all the programs that I see, we are treating the symptom. The the underlying cause it says here the root cause is the single parent household. What have you guys come up with, or recommendations, whether it is tax incentives--I know we can have another program, and we can grow it, and we can grow it, and we can grow it, but the problem doesn't go away. And if we don't address the underlying problem, it is like dealing with a metastatic lesion in a cancer, and we are just treating that, not the underlying tumor.    Mr. Yoho. All right. Well, then, you lead me into another one, and you gave me the perfect segue, because I wasn't sure how to ask this question. I wasn't sure how to ask this question, but your conversation with my previous colleague was perfect. You were talking about the ethnic disparity that you see in different ethnic categories. And you were talking about the hunger rates--or you weren't talking about that, but reading in this report, the persistence of racial inequality contributes to hunger rates of 10.4 percent, 6.9 percent for African Americans and Hispanic households, respectively. What is it in other minorities, like, say, the Chinese, or Iranians, or the Cubans, Vietnamese, or Indian households? Are those numbers large enough to do an analysis and a comparison, and what are the results of those? What are you finding?    Mr. Yoho. Right.    Dr. Chilton.--are locating. We don't have enough comprehensive information nationally to make any kind of a strong sense of what the estimates are. We can only talk about necessarily immigrants, or people of a variety of ethnicities, but we don't have enough information, the way that we are measuring hunger right now, to be able to drill down. And that is something that we are hoping we will be recommending in our report, is to be able to drill down so we can figure out what is happening in a more precise way.    Mr. Yoho. Well, that is interesting, because I have talked to people from the islands, Jamaica, and some of the other places, and I say, what do you view as poverty in your country? And they say, we don't view it as poverty. That is just the way it is, and we deal with it. And I don't know if we are, we always talk about creating a dependent structure in this country, and I don't know if we need to look at it differently because you don't hear about the disparity in, say, some of the other ethnic groups, and I want to know why. Is it a stronger family unit, or these other things, that we can take that information and utilize it here, and say, you know what, it works here in this group, why don't we assess that, and implement it here, and do a study on that? And so, with that, I yield back, and I appreciate your time and your work. Thank you.