    Mr. Massie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Last week Chairman Mica had a good hearing about property and assets and how difficult it is for us to dispose of them or turn them over back to the private sector, so I can definitely see the benefits of leasing, but I left that hearing with a question and I still have that question in this hearing--it seems to be coming up--which is how good is our database of properties, leased and owned? Because some of the questions we are asking today we could answer ourselves if we could get on a computer and just query the database. We wouldn't even have to show up to get some of these apples and oranges questions answered. We could go into that database.    Mr. Sullivan, let me ask you first. How close are we to having a full database of all the properties that, for instance, congressional staff could look at?    Mr. Massie. My next question on this topic is to Ms. Shea and Mr. Wisner. You deal with property across various Departments, not just the VA, is that correct, that is in your jobs?    Mr. Massie. So my question to both of you then--so I assume you do as well, based on your title, Ms. Shea--how does the VA database compare, because I am sure the DOD has maybe a different type of database, and I am sure there are certain Departments that maybe keep more information about let's say the constraints on the property if it ever were to be released to the public or something like that.    But how does the data on the buildings that we have within the VA, leased and owned, compare to the data in other Departments? Are they doing a better job or worse job?    Mr. Massie. Ms. Shea.    Mr. Massie. It just strikes me that if the data was out there, you would almost sort of have crowd sourcing monitoring and reporting of this that it would just happen, and you would have realtors combing through that database, looking for, OK, in 3 years, this property is coming up and the Government is going to want to dispose of it. I think it would be handy to have the lease information in that database, particularly if the bill we are talking about here is going to allow sort of a purchase agreement at the end. That way we do want to compare apples to oranges when we look at should we buy that property at the end of the lease. So we want to have a comparable database for the lease stuff, wouldn't you think, Ms. Shea?    Mr. Massie. All right. I am in favor of that, too, and I yield back my remaining 30 seconds.