    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is all right that you went over a little bit.    First of all, this is a very informative hearing. I want to thank you for being here. On one side we have experience, on one side we have youth that has worked, and Ambassador Bloomfield, you are in the middle somewhere, as far as--but it has been informative.    And from what I gathered, I would tend to think that the NSC is just too large. I have problems thinking that a staffer can call a four-star general and say, ``Do this.'' To me, that is--I guess I have been involved in politics a long time and it is not your enemies that get you in trouble but your friends or people that work for you. And I think that that is a very possible scenario and it has happened. But as it gets larger, I think it is even more something that can happen and I have a problem with that.    I have a problem with the NSC negotiating. They negotiated secretly. We had here people from the State Department and we asked them about certain negotiations, especially with Cuba. And I don't know if they wanted to lie or not but we were told that they weren't negotiating when, in reality, there was negotiations going on. And I would think that if they are negotiating secretly and you have a State Department person come before this committee and you ask them the question, and she will say no, they weren't, I would take it at her word that she didn't know that secretly somebody was negotiating. And to me, that is a problem.    We are a State Department. We are very careful with people who are capable of doing the kind of work that some people at the NSC is doing. I also think that sometimes this committee, the NSC, is used as a buffer. This is to keep people away from reaching maybe the presidency or the President using the committee to keep other people away. There has got to be somebody in-between to absolve any responsibility.    So, I really don't think that keep growing this committee is going to be helpful to this country or is going to be helpful to the President. I think, as Ambassador Miller expressed, there are many capable people working in different places in the State Department where they are tripping over each other to do something. And they could do some of the work, instead of growing this committee.    And can you just tell me what you think it started to go wrong with this committee, this NSC committee? Where did you see that it started going wrong, with your experience? When did it take the wrong direction? Let me put it this way.    Ambassador Miller. A very inelegant answer is that apparently over time, within the 18 acres at the White House, a sense that speed of movement was critical. And that goes way back, if you look at the graphs here, it goes way back to the Clinton administration, which we saw our first very big spike in NSC staff.    The illusion from my standpoint is that speed of movement is more important than wise decisionmaking. Wise decisionmaking is frequently slow and difficult and there are many times in which speed of movement is the most important issue that you are looking at. But it has become an excuse, I think, for not involving institutions that seem to move too slowly, that have a lot of wisdom and experience. This study began more than 2 years ago when I called some of my agency friends who had been involved in the Afghan situation and I said, really, nobody talked to you about what we were doing in the Middle East. And the answer was no, nobody talked to us. And I said you have got to be kidding me.    So, I don't have an elegant answer to that but I think one thing is that the White House has pushed on an open door. The Congress has allowed this to occur and it is not healthy for the Congress and it is not healthy for the White House either.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Congressman, could I just say that I think this suggests a larger solution? I know people have specific complaints about the NSC staff, probably in both administrations, Republican and Democratic. Part of it is not their fault because with the tools and information they have, with the real-time media contacts, with Ambassadors coming and calling at the White House as well as the State Department and possibly visiting military dignitaries, the question arises of what can the State Department do that the NSC staff can't do. There is a little bit of ``we can do it all here.'' And part of it is because of technology and just the press of business.    So, I think without blaming people, we can look at that and say what can we do. Because if it goes much further, it does cross the line where there is no oversight and Congress can't call them before--they can't confirm the appointees. And the President should not want that to happen.    So, there needs to be a conversation. I, personally, think that Congress has immense power over the next President that could be a subject of discussion during the transition, and before knowing the result of the election, that has to do partly in the Senate with the confirmation process and partly with the amount of hearings and questions for the record. These are things which are enormous burdens on an incoming administration. If their appointees are going to be slow to be confirmed, if they are going to get thousands of questions that the bureaucracy will be tied up answering, you have something to bargain with. And this might be, Congressman Engel had brought up the question of, an authorization bill. I would like to see a grand bargain, where there are fewer high officials in the Executive Branch and frankly, maybe a few fewer gavels in the Congress so that we can get back to a leaner, high-level, principal-to-principal process.    My congressman is yelling at me. I will stop.    Mr. Sires. Thank you very much.    Mr. Sires. Sure.