    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding the hearing today. And I know some of my colleagues were taken aback when the House and Senate Budget Committees declined, apparently for the first time ever, to invite the administration to give testimony about the President's budget request for FY 2017. I'm glad we have taken a better approach to the annual budget process in this committee, and I know that there are things in this budget that we can agree on and others that we won't agree on. That doesn't mean we shouldn't talk those issues out. I'm glad, Mr. Chairman, that we're having an opportunity to do that today.    I want to welcome the acting Secretary here today as well. We will be seeing a lot of him this week as we hold another hearing tomorrow on the implementation of the Every Student Succeeds Act. Although he will only be in the Department for about a year, that has the potential of being a very transformational year in that it comes at the time when we oversee early learning, elementary and secondary education, and higher education in this country. I know he's up to the challenge, and I look forward to his testimony today.    Our Nation's budget reflects its priorities. I think it's safe to say that the budget request we have before us today from the Department is proof that education remains a top priority for the Obama administration. This year's request includes an additional $1.3 billion, a 2 percent increase, for programs at the Department of Education. At the same time, through a combination of savings from both spending and revenue sides of the budget, the administration's overall budget request reduces the deficit from 3.3 percent of GDP to 2.6 percent.    Mr. Chairman, the request we have before us is, therefore, proof that we can increase the amount we spend on education in a responsible way without running higher deficits. The Federal investment in education is a crucial component of our national strength and competitiveness in the 21st century. That investment begins in early childhood, and this year's request continues to prioritize early childhood education. We can and should provide high-quality early childhood education for all 4-year-olds, and this budget continues to call for us to do just that.    The budget requests builds on the bipartisan work we did on ESSA, and most programs in the bill are at or above the levels authorized in that law. The budget includes multiple programs designed to reduce the cost of higher education, with particular focus on first-generation and low-income students.    I had the honor of working with the Department last year on its America's College Promise proposal to make 2 years of community college the new norm for all students. I was happy to see that the budget request this year reflected modifications we worked on together to include first-generation students and minority-serving institutions as beneficiaries from the ACP program.    The budget request recognizes that investing in teachers and lifting up the teaching profession is essential in improving educational outcomes nationally. If we are going to ensure that every child in every classroom has a highly effective teacher, we have to build pathways to train those teachers and school leaders and provide incentives necessary for them to take the most challenging positions where they are most needed.    Now, there are some questions I have about some of the choices made in the budget. I believe we should do more to increase the maximum Pell Grant award and help to defray the cost of higher education, especially when we make a sizable profit off student loans. There are certain programs authorized on the ESSA that receive 30 percent or higher increases over negotiated authorization levels.    On the whole, I support the President's budget, especially when compared to the alternative. And I say that because the alternative has yet to present itself. For some reason, the Speaker has chosen to expedite the budget process this year, but we still haven't seen the actual proposal from the majority. Last year's majority proposal included $103 billion in cuts in education over 10 years. That translated into significant cuts in Title I, funding for the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, cuts in Head Start, cuts in Pell Grants. And if the choice is between a Republican budget like last year's and the President's request, I'll take the President's request.    This budget season we will have tough choices to make as the Congress, choices that reflect our values. I think this budget request we have before us strikes the right balance and recognizes that money we spend on education comes back to the country many times over. We need to make crucial investments today if we expect to lead the world on education for decades to come.    So, Mr. Chairman, thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. King, in your written testimony, you talk about research and evidence and data. Can you explain how the budget develops the appropriate data base and evidence to appropriately guide education policy?    Mr. Scott. Thank you.    And speaking of minority colleges, throughout the South there are consent decrees dealing with the effects of segregation of schools before the 1960s. Does your budget have sufficient funding for you to review those consent decrees to see if they are complied with and to address segregation in public schools generally?    Mr. Scott. Thank you.    Flint, Michigan has made national news because of the lead poisoning in the water. Has your Department developed a plan or are you developing a plan to address the educational challenges created by this lead exposure?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I look forward to working with the Secretary as we address the challenges of early childhood education, elementary and secondary, and affordability of higher education.    Mr. Chairman, we had spoken earlier about the situation in Flint, Michigan, and the Secretary, the Department is developing an appropriate response. There are a lot of things that need to be done. For example, early childhood education, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. A lot of early intervention can go a long way into mitigating the problems. And we need to make sure that we have a specific educational response so if we can do an emergency supplemental, we'll know what needs to be in it for the programs under our jurisdiction.    So, Mr. Chairman, thank you for inviting the Secretary. I yield back.