    Mr. Meeks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Secretary. Let me just go back. FHA has been in existence since 1934, is that correct?    Mr. Meeks. And basically what FHA has done is help promote long-term stability in the housing market over that whole period of time, is that not correct?    Mr. Meeks. And in 2008 when there were no-doc loans that were going out, when there was zero down, when there was no verification for anything, just giving folks--was FHA the one that was giving out those kinds of loans, or encouraging those to be utilized? Was that FHA?    Mr. Meeks. And so in one extent, as a result of the bad acts of some who are still in business, and some who still want people to come to them for mortgages that we are not talking about them now, but you were victimized and because of the financial crisis, and the bad acts of others, is what caused you for the first time in the history of FHA when we were in the worst recession of our country since the Great Depression to fall under that 2 percent, is that correct?    Mr. Meeks. And let's look at who your customers are. Are they taxpayers?    Mr. Meeks. And so, these are taxpayers who are concerned about everything and would like to benefit. In fact, I think on a bipartisan basis, we have all been talking about the one area of individuals who have been left out of the recovery. It has not been the banks. It has not been the corporate America. It has not been--you look at the stocks. All I can see it, it has been who? The middle class. Is that not correct?    Mr. Meeks. And don't you think that the middle class of this country--many of them are renters are they not, currently?    Mr. Meeks. And in fact, those middle-class people that we say that we want to help, that we say have been locked out of this economy, there was an article in Forbes that found that over a quarter million renters had been priced out of the housing market because of the high FHA premiums. Is that correct?    Mr. Meeks. And those are all potential middle-class U.S. taxpayers who could be your customers, and that would create a greater opportunity for you to get the revenue back in so that you can get back to that 2 percent. Can you do it without them?    Mr. Meeks. I know when I go shopping on Christmas, a lot of these businesses have reduced prices. Why? Because they are trying to entice me to get into their store so that I can buy from them because they look at Christmastime and those times as what, the largest opportunity to create income for their businesses so they can survive through the year. So what do they do? They slash the prices to make what? More money. Is that something that you think you are trying to do here?    Mr. Meeks. So you are going to make sure then--you are not going to do what some others did--that the people that you are loaning money to have the ability to pay it back. You are going to make sure of that, right?    Mr. Meeks. Others didn't do it. That caused the crisis, right? You are going to make sure that there is a downpayment, that there is a reasonable downpayment, 10 percent. You are not going to give them 0, like some others did that created the financial crisis, you are going to make sure that there is a reasonable amount for a middle-class family who would like to participate in the American dream, in this case, a taxpayer will have that opportunity to live that dream. Is that correct?    Mr. Meeks. And in that, you will make sure that--and we have learned from not your irresponsible behavior, but others' irresponsible behavior--you will not allow anyone to go below that, but yet, give an opportunity for others who desire to be--who are taxpayers and want to live the American dream. Is that your mission?