    Dr. LaPlante. Thank you, Ms. McFarland.    Dr. LaPlante. Yeah. Thank you, Chairman Rogers. Thank you Ranking Member Cooper and other members of this panel. I can just say right up front that this panel just today has already done a really important work in exposing and clarifying, I think, the challenges we have, particularly in the wrap-up there, Mr. Chairman. You got right to it. So, thank you for holding this hearing.    As we know, we have a lot of challenges here. You know, one word that has not yet come up but I want to emphasize is ``sequester.'' So, we think about everything that is ahead of us, whether we do public/private partnership, we also could have the ``S'' word to deal with.    So, let me go ahead and just give a summary of where I think things stand and then, in the interest of time, turn it over then to my colleague, General Hyten.    Obviously, this is a hard problem. I think you just heard this in the last meeting. I am an engineer. I like to talk about constraints and over-constrained problems. In many ways, this is an over-constrained problem, meaning we and the situation are given more constraints than are possible to achieve the outcome. So let's talk about this. Typically, when you have a problem like this, it is usually worthwhile, I found, to first start about the desired end state. It is actually pretty simple and easy to get everybody to agree to. The desired end state. Then what you do is you say where are we today? I think what you just heard was a pretty good summary of where we are today. I am going to give my version of that. But those are two kind of easy pieces. The next piece is the key: What is the way to get from here to there, the transition plan? That is what we are here, and that is what we are all about. And can we pull it off?    So, let's talk about the desired end state. We heard it. We have at least two independent launch vehicle families that can do the assured access to space for General Hyten's manifest. We heard that we need to do this with American propulsion, American technology. And we heard we need to do this competitively. We want competition. We want to bring the price down. That is our desired end state.    Where are we today? Well, we just heard. Let's talk about ULA. ULA has got the Atlas V and the situation with the RD-180. We heard the risk that is there. We heard the discussion and the language. We heard Tory Bruno say a number of his lowest five, okay. Then let's go to the next one, the Delta. We heard Tory Bruno say what we all know, which is at least 30 percent more expensive than the Atlas V, and we heard what he proposes to do about that, namely to shut down the line in 2018 so he can make his Atlas V more competitive, okay.    And then we heard SpaceX, which any day now, any month now or week now--we are shooting for June--who is going to be certified to do a lot of our manifest. And make no mistake, the national security of the United States will be improved the day SpaceX is certified. It is really, really important.    But so now, let's talk about a transition plan to get between where we are today to this desired end state. Well, I think what we just heard is that just talking about an engine in isolation and the government funding the engine and getting at what Congresswoman Sanchez was asking, about the amount of money, no, that is the amount of money that has to be spent. Let's say $1 billion, maybe plus. The question is by whom? How much of it is government? How much of it is private?    We heard just in the last session, very promising from both witnesses, and pride, about what private investment can do. I think if we want to spur innovation, we have a duty to the taxpayer to look at what it would be done to compete launches of service and see what teams come forward, including how much they would do on their own and how much the government would pay. That is what is called a public/private partnership. We are moving out on that immediately right now. We were going the put a draft RFP on the street next week--next month excuse me--to find out who is serious, what does this look like. At the same time, we are putting money, as per the legislation, against risk reduction this year to continue it on this type of engine technology, and we are going to move out.    So, that is the situation we are in and that is our approach to it. But, make no mistake, Mr. Chairman, you got to it near the end: We do have to ask ourselves what risk we have still doing that strategy and having all of those conditions. So, at that point I am going to just finish my opening remarks. Again, thank you for the hearing.    Dr. LaPlante. Well I think, again, what my previous two colleagues said is exactly what I have been hearing for the last 2 years, is more or less what these two gentlemen have said. And they have also said, you know, just that the challenge is success oriented, and so the likelihood of having all that done, all the certification done in the 2018 timeframe, normally I would say that is probably lower likelihood than you would expect.    But, the caveat I have to make is what General Hyten just made. I mean, SpaceX has done remarkable things. They have done remarkable things. And so, we are all in the jobs of trying--our job is not to be optimistic or pessimistic; it is to be accurate. And so I think it is an optimistic schedule. They may be able to pull it off, but you heard all the challenges.    I also want to add one other thing, Mr. Chairman. If you heard General Hyten and General Mitchell talking about, depends which approach they do in certification, for those just to know, we have essentially a user's guide. If you want to be a new certifier, you can go in and you can look, depending on what class of missions, which path you want to go. General Hyten just said, you could do it only with one launch but then you have to do a lot of other stuff to show us.    On the other hand, at the other extreme, you could do a lot of launches and show us very little because the proof is in the pudding, or go something in between. So they, SpaceX has to decide which approach they want to do and then put in place their statement of intent. That has not yet, at least on our side, happened.    Dr. LaPlante. Not formally on our side. In the case of the Falcon 9, the formal process, depending on whether it is statement of intent, we actually signed the CRADA , which was the detailed agreement between the Air Force and SpaceX for certification in June of 2013. That is the detailed plan of how we, together, would do this. And so, that hasn't happened yet for Falcon, for the current vehicle. That is a key point.    Dr. LaPlante. No, not if we are going to have assured access to space with two independent lines. By definition, by policy of the country, that violates that.    Dr. LaPlante. My opinion, it adds significant risk to national security, and the policy--this is important--the policy of having two independent vehicles, if you will, and independent, as Tory Bruno and Gwynne Shotwell talked about it, access to space. It does not meet that.    Dr. LaPlante. You mean with the heavy-launch failure?    Dr. LaPlante. Yes. Well, and as has been said by several of my colleagues here, of course, we are--launching is a means to an end. The important thing is what we are launching into space. That is what we actually care about. And those are at least $1 billion a pop. Sometimes more. You lose the capability, as General Hyten said, about what happened in the late 1990s. And just remind people the type of things we are putting into space are not just communications, but it is communications.    I mean, essentially, if you think of the nuclear triad we have, we have the bombers, we have the ICBMs , and we have the submarines, the command and control of it, which we care about, but with the indications and warning of that, is what we put into space. It is what we assure and have been assured the country and the President for decades that we have a reliable deterrence system that he or she or the leadership will know if there is something happening in a timely way so they can make a decision. So this is serious, serious stuff.    So, you lose the money, you potentially lose the capability, and so it is a big deal. And then as General Hyten said, you know, the company--we have to be concerned if the company is going to be run out of business depending on the company.    Dr. LaPlante. Yes, but what I also think we need to do, we need to challenge ourselves as to make sure we are doing it as efficiently as possible, and, you know, we need to look at the process to make sure of it. But yes, I do.    Dr. LaPlante. Congressman, yes, Adam Smith is correct. Competition is good. But we have to do our level best when we are doing it to make sure you look at it from every angle and make sure it is a level playing field. That is our strategy, and so we always are doing that. We have to do that.    Dr. LaPlante. Yeah, I will try to and then maybe also defer to Ms. McFarland. So, in the case of the space--of this space-launch issue, we have I believe the number in the President's budget for 2016 and beyond for the 5-year is somewhere a little short of $300 million. Part of that, we are going to know a lot more when we get these RFPs back because we are going to find out what is real in public/private partnership.    Of course, that $300 million is like everything else, going to be under the scrutiny with the sequester or if we end up having to increase it, if we find out that it has got to be $500 million. Now, can that be helped by OCO? I don't know how that could be. I am having trouble thinking of the color of money. But I will also ask Katrina to answer.    Dr. LaPlante. Yeah. And just to add onto Ms. McFarland, in a case, an example, and this is maybe just a simple example is, do you have to guarantee a certain number of minimal launches for them to close their business case? And is there enough launches where you could have more than one person with a minimum guarantee? Things like that.    You were also asking very astute questions about what is the commercial marketplace for some of this, because that is part of the business case too, right? And that is why it was very important to hear from General Mitchell because his study--which by the way, is really called the Mitchell Commission, he just is too modest to call it that--looked at the market for these things and it is not what you might initially expect, it is particular with the heavies.    Dr. LaPlante. I would defer to General Mitchell.    General Mitchell. So, I would say, I think it is going to be interesting to see how you support two. Three would be even more challenging. Because last year, as was reported by SpaceNews, there was 18 competitive commercial launches awarded. Of those 18, worldwide, of those 18, 9 were won by SpaceX and 9 were won by Arianespace. Nobody else won any; Proton's kind of grounded, they are not flying real well. And the reason it is so small is every country that has a capability vectors their satellite builders to their rocket.    So, there may be 50 launches worldwide but only 18 of those are going to be competed, last year as an example. And the document that Ms. McFarland refers to that 50 kind of stays stable and there is about 15 to 20 every year that is competitive. So, you don't have much to split up because Arianespace is going to win half of them typically, and their consortium will continue to subsidize them to make sure they win half of them so that they remain viable. So, you are just not going to get all of that market.    And so, the DOD tends to be around 10 to 12 missions a year. NASA has three or four that fall on this category. And when you add them up, there just is not a target-rich environment out there to go sell rockets. And even if you get a cheap rocket, that doesn't mean more people are going to build satellites just because of the launch vehicle is cheap. As Mr. Bruno said, it is 10 to 15, 20 percent of the cost of the stack. So, people aren't going to go build more satellites. They are going to do this in a business case.    Now, there are some out there that are talking about blotting out the sun with small satellites, and there is a couple of investments that are going on to do that. That is the same thing we heard in 1999, and that fell apart, which led us to kind of where we are in the EELV program now. They may be successful this time, but I guess we are a little bit jaded from the first experience to say let's go bank on all those commercial guys showing up again. So, I think it is going to be difficult to support three. It will be a challenge just to make two viable.    Dr. LaPlante. Yeah, I agree and the 5- to 7-year number, it is no coincidence that General Mitchell said it because that was really the view of his commission. And almost everybody I respect in this community, the scientists and engineers, use that same timeframe. And that is not, by the way, bureaucracy; although, we certainly know how to do that. And it is not money. It is the engineering that it takes and the development is driving 5 to 7 years.    Dr. LaPlante. I will give it a shot in how we are thinking about it and see if this addresses your question.    So, you are asking--essentially the question is, when do we do the down select and pick exactly, you know, something like the RD-180 or not. And you could do that right now in how you issue the RFP, sure.    Well, our plan is not to do that. Our plan is to issue the RFP that is broader than that, and get as many, as I said earlier, it is four people under contract. So, let's see what comes in with an RD-180 like, in your words, perhaps with an Atlas. Let's see what comes in with the AR-1. Let's see what else comes in. We would like to get these guys under contract and see what is serious about the public/private partnership and then evaluate the technology, get them along and then we will down select it. You may be going right to where we end up.    It is a question of whether we restrict it now before issuing the RFP or later. Our approach is to do it later because, you know, it is funny, until you get people under contract, you kind of really don't--you don't get the real data and you don't get to see the real designs and you don't get to see and really test it out. And I believe we are responsible for the taxpayer to check that stuff out, and I don't think it is going to slow it down at all. And so, but that is kind of essentially our approach. But we will be happy to engage with you further as we develop this.