    Mr. Murphy. Thank you.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Ranking Member Visclosky and members of the committee, thank you so much for the opportunity to discuss our Army with you here this morning. This is my eighth week on the job as acting Secretary of the Army, and it is truly an honor to be back with my Army family. I have traveled this year to see our soldiers, civilians, and their families at Fort Hood, Fort Sam Houston, and most recently Iraq and Afghanistan. The selfless service and dedication of our team should inspire us all. We are tasked with the solemn responsibility to fight and win our Nation's wars and to keep our families safe here at home. Our Army must produce ready units today to defer and defeat our Nation's enemies, defend our homeland, project power, and to win decisively. By ``ready,'' we mean that units that are fully manned, trained for combat, fully equipped, according to their designed structure, and led by competent leaders. We must also be ready for our future fights by investing in modernization and research and development. We do not want our soldiers to have a fair fight. We want them to have the technical and tactical advantage over our enemies.    With our $125.1 billion budget request, our Army will focus its efforts on rebuilding readiness for large-scale, high-end ground combat. We do so because we believe ignoring readiness shortfalls puts our Nation at the greatest risk for the following reasons.    First, readiness wins wars. Our Army has never been the largest in the war, and at times, we have not been the best equipped. But since World War II, we have recognized that ready soldiers, properly manned, trained, equipped, and led can beat larger or more determined forces. Whether confronting the barbaric acts of ISIS or the desperation of North Korea, our Army must be prepared to execute and to win. We train like we fight, and our Army must be ready to fight tonight.    Next, readiness deters our most dangerous threats and assures our allies. We are reminded with alarming frequency that great power conflicts are not dead. Today they manifest on a regional basis. Both Russia and China are challenging America's willingness and ability to enforce international standards of conduct. A ready Army provides America the strength to deter such actions and reassure our partners throughout the world. Readiness also makes future training less costly. Continuous operations since 2001 have left our force proficient in stability and counterterrorism operation. But our future command sergeants major and brigade combat leaders have not had the critical combat training experience as junior leaders trained for high-end ground combat. Investing in readiness today builds a foundation necessary for long-term readiness.    Finally, readiness prepares our force for potential future conflicts. We cannot fight the last fight. Our Army must be prepared to face the high-end and advanced combat power of an aggressive Russia or, more likely, Russian aggression employed by surrogate actors. This budget dedicates resources to develop solutions for this to allow our force the space to develop new concepts informed by the recommendations of the National Commission on the Future of the Army. Our formations must first be ready to execute against current and emerging threats. The choice, though, to invest in near-term readiness does come with risk. Smaller modernization investments risk our ability to fight and win in the future. We have no new major modernization programs this decade. Smaller investments in end strength risk our ability to conduct multiple operations for sustained periods of time.    In short, we are mortgaging our future readiness because we have to ensure in today's battles against emerging threats. That is why initiatives like BRAC in 2019 are needed to be implemented now. Let us manage your investment, and it will result in $500 million a year in savings and a return on your investment within 5 years.    Lastly, while we thank the Congress for the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, which provides short-term relief and 2 years of predictable funding, we request your support for the enactment of our budget, as proposed. We request your support for continued funding at levels calibrated to current threats and our national security interest. And we request your continued support for our soldiers, civilians, and their families so that our Army remains the most capable fighting force in the world and wins our Nation's wars and keeps our families safe here at home.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Murphy. Congressman, it is great to be back with you. And thank you so much. And you have been a champion for not only West Point but for Army. We appreciate everyone. I think you know my background. I joined the Army at 19 and was lucky enough to be one of those professors at West Point. And I was there when 9/11 happened and then deployed for two combat deployments right afterwards as an Army captain.    The great thing about West Point, but overall what professional military education, it is that West Point truly is like the Athens and Sparta of our military in that we pursue the strongest warriors but also those who have intellectual rigor. And that vigor is what is needed to lead troops, because they need to lead them in the right way.    The investment this past year in this budget, this 2017 budget, is $708 million. And that's a lot of money for the American taxpayer. But when you have an Army right now at over one million soldiers that is spread as thin as possible with this OPTEMPO against ISIS, against an aggressive Russia, against North Korea and doing what we need to do, you know, we had to make some obviously hard choices in budgets. You can't do everything. And we have doubled down on readiness. And that is combat readiness for our troops and our units. But make no mistake. Those soldiers, whether it is at West Point or the Sergeants Major Academy or elsewhere, that are going through Army University and other things for both enlisted and officers, they are getting the critical skill sets needed to be leaders of character with that intellectual vigor that I mentioned earlier needed right now during these challenging times to lead soldiers, you know, in areas that are not exactly easy to operate in.    Mr. Murphy. Sure, Congressman, and I am going to have the chief add some, as well, comments. But, Congressman, we had to make some tough decisions in this budget. When we have, as I mentioned, the threats that face the American family right now in our Nation, we had to make some tough--and aviation, obviously, had to take a hit. And we had to divest, as you know, pass with the Kiowa warrior and other platforms of our aviation platforms.    Be that as it may, we have made significant investments in aviation. There are some--about $400 million of that divestment in the aviation program have come under the Gray Eagle and other similar programs. But we felt that it was filled up, meaning we got the assets that we needed right now to execute what was in passing year--in past budgets. But I would like the chief to comment as well on this program.    Mr. Murphy. Congressman, we are doing a heck of a lot. And, I mean, let me be very clear on certain things. First, this is a cancer in our society and our Army. But our Army needs to be better because we have a special trust and confidence of the American people. And we have initiatives which have been very successful, like Not in My Squad--that is led by Sergeant Major Dailey--who are getting after it at the squad level throughout our Army. Now, those results--I know you are talking about a RAND study, but the other studies and reports that have shown the good news with our progress with your initiatives, Congressman, has been incidents are going down; reports are going up. Reports are going up because women and men feel confident they can go through the chain of command and report instances that are unacceptable, that go against the very ethic of our Army of selfless service, honor, integrity.    I will say one other thing. The initiatives that we invested in over these last several years have led our Army actually to be some of the industry leaders in this regard, that college campuses, over 200, are now adopting our programs, things like special victims counsel, special victims investigators, special victims' advocates, so that they feel that not only do they have to report, but they are there throughout the process to make sure we root out these bad apples so that they will never serve again, and some of them will go to jail for a very long time.    As a former prosecutor, I prosecuted sex crimes when I was in the military, Congressman. I will tell you that it is night and day when I was in the Army 14 years ago than it is now. It is 10 times better than how it was over a decade ago.    Mr. Murphy. Congressman, I would love to throw in on it, because I think you know where I stand on it. There is no doubt that we have to be a Total Army. This is an army that is comprised--the majority--if you look at the U.S. Army soldier--and that is a profile of that--most likely he is in the Guard or Reserve, 53 percent of our soldiers in the Guard and Reserve. So we have to act like one team. And we haven't been able to do these 15 years of continuous operations in Iraq and Afghanistan and elsewhere without the Guard and Reserve. So the Milley-Murphy team is absolutely: Meet them from the front to make sure that we get that message out there.    Mr. Murphy. But, Congressman, I mean, whether it is the SPP program in Arkansas or Guatemala, or, Ms. Kaptur, you know, in Hungry and Serbia, where the Ohio National Guard is, or in Pennsylvania, where it is Lithuania, these programs are force multipliers for our partners. We can't do these engagements alone. You know, it just can't be--this Russian aggression which you are seeing right now, it just can't be the United States standing there by itself and the America taxpayer. That is why these programs are vitally important. They give confidence and assurance to our allies that they will not stand alone, that we will be there shoulder to shoulder with them to face down that Russian aggression.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, these are very, very difficult decisions. And when we look at what is going on in Iraq right now and Syria against ISIS, you know, the intent to taking back Mosul, you know, and the need to have aviation assets to do that, you know, pending requests from Iraq, the Iraqi Government, shows you an example of how important aviation is. But, Mr. Chairman, you know, I left this committee and this Congress 5 years ago. And when I left 5 years ago, the budget for the Army was $243 billion. We are asking right now for a base budget of $125.1 billion. Aviation is our most expensive asset and one of our most, if not the most, expensive asset. Now we have asked in this budget for $3.6 billion for modernization. Now, again, that is, as I mentioned, you know, earlier, the light utility helicopter and the Gray Eagle, both of those end of production; that is a cost savings of $400 million. So that is less, and it is a part of that. But these were tough decisions. We wish we could make more investments in aviation. But, sir, we have to be absolutely focused on winning tonight, on the threats that are going on right now. You know, I am not trying to compare other services, but we are asking for $25 billion in modernization. The Air Force and the Navy, both of them are double that, their requests. We have mortgaged--in my opening statement, I was very clear with all of you and the American public: we are mortgaging modernization, our future modernization readiness for future fights, to focus on readiness today, because that is the mission that you as a Nation are giving us to do.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Chairman, we are working through this. We have a tri-commission with the National Guard, Reserve and Active Duty into one room. We are working through this line by line to make sure that we could look at those Commission recommendations; there are 63 of those recommendations. As Chief of Staff of the Army General Milley has mentioned, there are approximately 50ish that we have seen that we think we can implement, that are good ideas, that we have either already done or are about to do, that are low cost. There are two ideas that we feel pretty strongly that are not good ideas. But there are about a dozen or so that are good ideas, Mr. Chairman, but cost a lot of money that are--you know, the Commission came after the budget was proposed to the Congress. So it came after, and we are working hard, and we should get back to you, Mr. Chairman, and this Congress within the next several weeks, talk about 5 or 6 weeks, with our recommendations as an Army on how we could potentially execute on those expensive items and how we could do that.    Mr. Murphy. Mr. Chairman, if I could just add something real quick, please. When I left 5 years ago, we had 45 Brigade Combat Teams. We now have 31 Brigade Combat Teams on Active Duty. So that is almost about--I don't have the math in front of me, but that is about a third of the cut as well. And that is over the last 5 years, sir.    So the Army has made a lot of choices. We have cut headquarter staff over 25 percent for over $300 million in savings. I mean, we are getting after it, Mr. Chairman. There is a lot more work to do, but we have taken that Commission report, and we are adopting a lot of those things that we can adopt right now. And the other ones that cost money, we are working through it to see how we could get after it. And we look forward to working with you on that as well because we need your help.    General Milley. And, Mr. Chairman, on the 11th Brigade that you mentioned, we don't want to cut that 11th Brigade. We want to keep that 11th Brigade, but there is no money to do it. That is the problem. There is a top line to it. And we think, given that top line, we are given X amount of dollars, and I want that Ferrari, but I can only afford a Volkswagen, so I am giving you the best-balanced Volkswagen that can minimally achieve--they use the words ``minimally sufficient.'' That is what is in that Commission. This budget, this PB provides, according to that Commission, a minimally sufficient Army. I agree with that. That is what we are buying. We are buying a minimally sufficient Army that has a whole bunch of risk associated with it in the international arena, with Russia, China, North Korea, Iran, counterterrorism, and defending the homeland. And it is all coming down to how much risk we as a Nation are willing to take, and that is the bottom line. But given the amount of money we were given, we think it strikes the best balance possible.    Mr. Murphy. Well, Congressman----    Mr. Murphy. You know, part of this is that we have had to make tough decisions. We have let go 37,000 civilians over the last several years. And mostly that was through attrition. And, you know, again, the Army team isn't just folks who wear a uniform like I used to do. Now I am part of the Army team now, and there is a quarter million civilians in our Army that believe in the same values, that live those same values that our soldiers live by, of selfless service, of honor and integrity. And they work their tails off to keep our Nation safe. They are in those places like Aberdeen and NSA that are developing the next technology so our soldiers do not have that fair fight that we mentioned.    But, again, with these budgets come tough decisions. And as the acting Secretary of the Army, we are making them. Now, luckily, we have been able to make them mostly through attrition in the civilian workforce. But the message is very clear that we need them as part of the Army team, as part of our family, because they are out there every day--sometimes 7 days a week, you know, in those labs and doing what is necessary to get the next weapon system or the next night vision goggles and get them invented to give us the technical and the tactical advantage over our enemy.    So it is something that I am very concerned with, but we are taking the appropriate measures to balance that workforce to make sure that we have the best Army team that we need.    Mr. Murphy. Thanks. I am only 42, so I don't think I will retire for a couple of decades.    Mr. Murphy. Congressman, if I can just add to, I echo and agree with the chief's comments. I do want to say, when you talk about the Patriot system, this is one of the most globally engaged teams that we have. Over seven of them are deployed. Half of them are deployed, so it is one-to-one dwell time. I mean, the OPTEMPO of those units and those teams are unbelievable and really breakneck. And as the chief mentioned, two are assigned in station in Korea, one in Japan, one in Germany. Three battalions are allocated throughout the CENTCOM area in the Middle East. But when you talk about, when I said to Chairman Rogers about modernization, you know, the Patriot modernization program was status quo. I mean, this year I am asking, we are asking in this budget for $154 million. That is a decrease of $2 million. Last year, it was $156. So, again, we are mortgaging modernization to meet readiness right now, Congressman. And we can't risk anything else when it comes to readiness. We have to win tonight.    Mr. Murphy. Congressman, you know, you have been a leader with mindfulness and some other issues to get after it, and when you look at our warriors, part of that resiliency that we talked about is to make sure they have the mental resiliency. And we have redoubled our efforts in that.    Now, I will say, you know, 10 percent of the Department of Defense budget, we look at 10 percent of their budget is in, you know, medical resource or medical readiness. That has remained flat. Our expenses, our outputs have been flat for the last 4 years because of the efficiencies that we created within the services underneath the Department of Defense. I will also say that overall, I mean, we are the fifth largest healthcare system in the country, the fifth largest. But when you look at right now, 10 percent of our forces are nondeployable. That is over 100,000 soldiers; 80 percent of those 10 percent are because of medical reasons. So when you look at things like mental, you know, embedded behavioral health teams, we have doubled down on these teams. When I was at Fort Hood just a few weeks ago, these teams are trying to break the stigma of mental resiliency. They can go into those mental health providers. They can go in, and it is okay to go in there ahead of time and be proactive.    Having them in those units at our elements at the brigade level are critically important, and that is because the Congress provides the funding and everything after it, but those 59 embedded behavioral health teams at the brigade level, we need to do more. We are trying to do more, and with your help, we will be able to do more.