    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, Mayor, thank you for your testimony here today. As someone who was born and raised in New York City, my father was in the NYPD for over 30 years, I really tremendously admire the work that is done by all of the agencies, especially NYPD emergency management, my good friend Joe Esposito there; FDNY, Lieutenant Nigro. The job that you have is one which I don't think any of us envy. Maybe it is great to march in the parades, but other than that it's, you know, a lot of abuse and a lot of attention.    Even though Miss Rice and I represent Long Island, the fact is, people should realize that Nassau and Suffolk Counties, as well as Westchester are all part of the UASI. It is New York City, Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, even parts of Rockland, and also, we have to closely coordinate with northern New Jersey. Whenever you go to any of the mock drills they have, you see how much coordination is involved.    Also, as you said, New York City and the region, New York City region is the No. 1 target in the country. It is important for the rest of the country to realize the tremendous expense involved in that. I mean, you have well over 1,000 police officers working full time in various types of counterterrorism. They also work with the State police, Nassau and Suffolk police, working with the FBI and the JTTF, and it is a constant, really, state of war almost, at least a state of preventing a war. So any cuts at all really can be catastrophic to New Yorkers.    I have been on this committee since the start, and I don't think there is any one method or any one line of defense that is going to stop an attack. What you need are multiple defenses out there, and you certainly train and hope that at least one of those is going to work, is going to stop the next attackers. You don't know where it is going to be coming from; it could be Times Square; it could be the Brooklyn Bridge; it could be the subway system; it could be anywhere.    So I just think all of us on the committee should stand as one, not as Republicans or Democrats or from New York or from the rest of the country, realizing how vital this is that the funding be continued. Also, I think it is important to realize that the NYPD or the FDNY or emergency management, when they are out there doing the job, that is really not a New York City function. That is the Federal Government's responsibility to protect local governments and local municipalities from being attacked. That is a Federal responsibility.    So if you are carrying out a Federal responsibility, at the very least you should be compensated for the work that you do. This isn't a gift. This isn't charity you are getting. I mean, you are doing the work that the Federal Government should be doing. The fact is, you are better equipped to do it in many ways.    But, again, to be shortchanging you at a time like this, when the ISIS threats have never been greater, when we still have al-Qaeda, we still have al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, and we have the self-starters. We have the people at home sitting in their apartment with the computer who, you know, can become radicalized.    So I am just going to give you the opportunity to expand on how essential it is that all of the city departments and the neighboring locales receive the funding they need on homeland security.    Mr. de Blasio. Thank you very much, Congressman.    Congressman, let me also thank you at the outset, and all of your colleagues. I know you played a particularly crucial role in finally passing the Zadroga Act. I want to thank you for first responders in New York and all over America and so many people who were affected by 9/11. That was such a profound victory. Thank you for your leadership.    Mr. King. Thank you, Mayor.    Mr. de Blasio. You said it perfectly in that every single one of our officers at any given moment any day could be involved in counterterrorism activity. That means being aware that the smallest clue could lead to something much bigger, and that is why we put a big emphasis on training. So all of our officers are being trained to prepare for a variety of scenarios. That is why we need the active-shooter training, because instantly there may be a crisis. It is also why we emphasize technology, that now we are able with resources that we provide at a local level to, for example, put a description of a terrorist, an individual, out to all 36,000 officers instantly and now they are all at that moment looking for that individual. Or, again, an officer may see something on the ground that indicates the potential of a threat that then alerts everyone else to go into action.    So because we have been hit, we don't see this as an abstraction. We feel it very personally. We know this threat is very real because 20 times threats were attempted against us. We know that every one of our officers has to be vigilant at all times. So we will always pay our fair share, but I agree with your core point. For the Federal Government to step back and create a situation where a locality can't do all that is needed to protect against terror makes no sense at this moment in history.    It is such a pervasive threat that literally every one of our officers--and that extends, of course, to emergency management and fire as well--knows at any given moment they have to be involved not only in preventing but, God forbid, responding to an incident.    Mr. King. Mr. Mayor, my time is expired. I just would like to add, I want to make sure we maintain the unity here today. I do have some differences with you and Mr. Payne on the whole issue of policing. But, again, you guys are doing a great job. Today is not the day to bring that up. I just want to again thank you for what is happening. Let's stay united today. We worked together on other issues. We will do it on this. I just want to put that on the record.    Mr. de Blasio. I thank you. My door is always open, Congressman.    Mr. King. I know that as well. Thank you, Mayor. Thank you very much.    Mr. King. Mr. Chairman, could I make one final statement?    Mr. King. Mayor, you generously gave me credit for being involved in the Zadroga 9/11 Act. Miss Rice was also involved. But I know you think Dan Donovan is such a nice guy. As soon as that bill was passed, he said, King, you were here for 14 years, you couldn't get it done. He was here 4 months and it passed. So he is taking all the credit for Zadroga. I think that should be on the record.