    Mr. Gohmert. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony examining decades of data manipulation at the United States Geological Survey.    Under Committee Rule 4(f), any oral opening statements at hearings are limited to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member. Therefore, I would ask unanimous consent that all other Members' opening statements be made part of the hearing record if they are submitted to the Subcommittee Clerk by 5:00 p.m. today.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Today, we will be examining decades of data manipulation that occurred within the United States Geological Survey, as well as the Agency's failure to take timely and appropriate corrective measures. USGS has been considered by many to be the gold standard of scientific integrity and reliability. That image has now been indelibly stained or, at best, profoundly shaken by the revelation of deliberate decades-long data manipulation.    Incredibly, this committee has learned that the USGS had shut down the lab from the DOI's Office of Inspector General months after it happened. In 2015, the Department of the Interior Scientific Integrity Review Panel investigating this manner concluded that there was a ``chronic pattern of scientific misconduct'' at the inorganic laboratory in Colorado. The panel also concluded that the laboratory's chemist ``intentionally manipulated'' data.    These shocking findings have not only impugned the integrity of the USGS, they also impugned the scientific underpinnings of policy decisions that may have been taken as a result of the USGS research.    I should note that we are not talking about just a few fudged numbers here and there. This involves research and personnel going all the way back to 1996. When the data manipulation was discovered in 2008, new employees were shuffled in; and yet the fraud continued, tainting thousands of sample results.    You might wonder how no one in USGS management noticed the junk science coming from the lab. Investigators offered one explanation pointing to the ``conscious acquiescence and inattentiveness of others in the laboratory and/or the center's management.''    While the long-term costs to USGS's reputation may be incalculable, the Inspector General reported that from Fiscal Year 2008 through 2014, affected projects represented $108 million. This does not include a prior decade of data manipulation. We are still trying to find out the extent of the projects that were affected and any policy decisions that were executed with falsified data. The reliability of data we are provided as lawmakers across a spectrum of issues is now called into question.    USGS is likely going to assure us that it will never happen again, that new procedures are in place, manuals have been rewritten, new positions have been created, and on and on, with solutions that make us just want to forget all this and get back to blind faith in Federal science.    However, in the discussion with our witness, I want one basic question answered--Why? Why did this happen? With all the briefings held with staff, the reports and audits written, we still do not know why this occurred. USGS told us it was the lab's lousy air conditioning, but then said that was not it. USGS told us the data was changed to account for variable calibrations, and then said that was not it.    Finally, USGS offered up the excuse that it was plain incompetence. I still don't buy it. Nearly 20 years of fraud and more than $100 million flushed down the toilet; this should not be pinned on just one incompetent employee who was, remarkably, replaced by another incompetent employee. Not to mention the fact that the most recent fall guy had sterling employee evaluations.    The primary concern is not just the mechanics of this fraud; there should be a clear explanation as to why it happened. Any proposed solution is meaningless without it.    It is an unfortunate coincidence that our first hearing in this newly created subcommittee was on the lack of accountability of Federal science and the consequences of politically-driven science. Lives have been destroyed through the actions of Federal employees, motivated by entrenched ideologies, and use of manipulated data, or just garbage science. Let this hearing serve as a warning to any Federal employee who harbors thoughts of eschewing scientific integrity and transparency in order to advance some agenda. The subcommittee will not tolerate such actions, and will hold accountable those who act in such a manner or turn a blind eye.    I would point out, as we said, the problems go back to 1996 and were first discovered in 2008. This goes across Republican and Democrat party lines. This is a matter we need to get to the bottom of why it happened; so I appreciate your indulgence.    Mr. Gohmert. At this time, the Chair recognizes Mrs. Dingell for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you.    At this time, I will remind the witness that, under our Committee Rules, oral statements are limited to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will appear in the hearing record. When you begin, the light on the witness table will turn green, as it is now. When you have 1 minute remaining, the yellow light comes on. When time has expired, the red light comes on, and I will ask you to conclude your statement.    At this time, the Chair recognizes Mr. Werkheiser for his testimony.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Werkheiser. We do appreciate your testimony. We appreciate you being here. I know that is not the most fun thing to do. But we will begin the questioning, and I will recognize myself for 5 minutes.    You have talked about the troubling aspect of this issue, but like I mentioned in the opening statement, going back to 1996, that is during the Clinton administration; through 2008, that is the Bush administration; to 2014, that is the Obama administration. I have to tell you, Mr. Werkheiser, when I first got elected, I can remember walking around Stephen F. Austin University, and they have done some great work in conjunction with the United States Geological Survey. I looked at this stuff from the USGS, and my thought, going back to high school, wow, the USGS, this is really quality stuff. And I got the high grade in science in my high school, and I remember seeing USGS, wow, this is really impressive. This is really quality stuff, as we talked about the gold standard.    So, it is really heartbreaking to think about all of the great work that has been done to build this phenomenal reputation of the United States Geological Survey, to come around to the point where we are now, where we have had years of just falsity and fraud, manipulating data. You got rid of one employee--and really, it doesn't sound like there were a lot of consequences there. That is deeply troubling. If somebody's falsifying data, it ought to be a blight on their total reputation and their professionalism.    But I come back to the question I mentioned in my opening statement--To what end? Why the continued falsification and manipulation of data? Do you have an answer to the why? As a lawyer, I was taught never ask the question ``why,'' but I really, truly want to know.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, Mr. Werkheiser, we had heard that originally that you have to change it some because of the calibration. But then it turned out, we heard from USGS, that really does not explain all of the falsification that we have here. So, I appreciate that position, but we heard that before and then it turned out that really was not the proper explanation.    Let's try again. Do you have some other explanation for why?    Mr. Gohmert. You said that twice now, but the fact is you can ask the scientist why. Did you ever ask these people, ``Why did you do this? ''    Mr. Gohmert. That is total irony. You manipulate data in order to make it more accurate. That is totally incongruent.    What do you believe is the long-term effect of USGS's reputation in the science field? I mean, you have university students that are now saying, ``What are we supposed to do? This is totally bogus science here.''    Mr. Gohmert. Has that been done?    Mr. Gohmert. All right. Well, my time has expired.    I recognize Mrs. Dingell for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mrs. Dingell. I really do appreciate your getting into that issue like that. I was reminded, in very recent years, we actually impeached a couple of judges, and one of them was about the workplace environment and harassment of the women on his staff. He should have been thrown out of office for the things he was doing.    I am wondering out loud here, maybe we need to encourage people that work in the Federal Government, if you have a hostile workplace environment, maybe we need to know and drag those people up here and over the coals, so that if they are tempted to abuse people working for them, particularly women working for them, maybe you will get a chance to come up here and be totally humiliated in front of the whole world. We will have to keep that in mind.    At this time, I would recognize Mr. Labrador for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Labrador.    At this time, the Chair recognizes Mr. Westerman for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you.    At this time, the Chair recognizes Mr. Hice for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Without objection.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you.    At this time, Mrs. Radewagen is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. All right. Thank you.    We do have a few more questions. For one thing, you heard from the Ranking Member that the SIRP reported that a culture of harassment existed at the lab. That is so incredibly serious.    And, by the way, we have been going through this hearing all this time and I don't believe a single name has been mentioned. We are covered by Speech and Debate Clause privilege regarding things that are said on the record. But for the record, who was the person who was manipulating the data beginning back in 1996? We haven't even heard a name.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, that is the whole reason I ask. If somebody is making an abusive workplace, I want their name out there. They should not be provided protection from having their name mentioned. And with regard to privacy concerns, that is what I am saying. This is protected. You don't have to worry about lawsuits.    But if somebody is abusing female employees, I think it is good to talk about, like we did in Judiciary when we had a judge doing that. I would like for any man that is tempted to do that to realize that some day his name is going to be brought up in a broadcast.    Mr. Gohmert. That is the case, OK. It is still under active investigation. So, the investigation is not concluded. Is that right?    Mr. Gohmert. Active component to what?    Mr. Gohmert. Right.    Mr. Gohmert. All right. Thank you. Well, I would very much like to have that information.    And if the investigation has formally concluded--you say there may be some informality in the continuation. Well, if it is formally concluded, I would like this committee to have access to that information to know who was creating the problem. And I don't care if they retired or not. There need to be consequences. Even if at a minimum, it is having your name discussed on the record as someone who is abusing the employees under your supervision.    So, you are agreeing to get us that information, with regard to the investigation?    Mr. Gohmert. OK. And I do want to follow up with a couple more questions. Did the lab management take the discovery of the second instance of continuous data manipulation seriously?    Mr. Gohmert. The reason I ask is that the SIRP noted that the lab's lead physical scientist, quality assurance officer, asserted ``that all activities related to the SIRP are not necessary, and that the situation has been blown completely out of proportion.''    Mr. Gohmert. Well, that sounded like it was not being taken seriously.    Mr. Gohmert. Well, did the laboratory's culture fostered by the United States Geological Survey promote an environment where a person would feel comfortable coming forward to expose the wrongdoing?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, I know it is your job. The question is about whether it was done.    Mr. Gohmert. All right. The SIRP found that whistleblowing, related to the second incidence of data manipulation, created ``a feeling of mistrust and resentment present at all levels.'' So, it sounds like there is a lot more work that needs to be done there.    Mr. Gohmert. All right. I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Mr. Hice, do you have any further questions?    All right. I would like to thank the witness, Mr. Werkheiser, for being here. And I appreciate the participation of the Members, the Ranking Member. Obviously, this is a reminder why we must be vigilant and make every effort to hold the executive branch accountable to the taxpayers.    While I hope this revelation of mass data manipulation is limited in scope, it is only through careful examination we can learn and move through and move forward with confidence. And it is normally an assurance to the public that we have this republican, small ``r,'' form of government, where we have representatives, and if one party or one administration is manipulating or providing an abusive work environment, then it has always been a bit of a comfort--well, the next one coming in will surely correct that.    We have just seen an outrageous example of how none of those safeguards worked, none of the checks and balance work. And then we have someone, whose name I want to say on the record when we get the information, but you have people creating a hostile work environment, you have people totally manipulating data, fraudulent activity, a person involved in it is replaced to bring an end, only to see that continue on. It just is staggering.    And, as we said at the beginning, I think the Ranking Member and I both have always thought of the United States Geological Survey as the gold standard; and now I am not even sure it merits a mercury standard. I mean, it is changing and moving and doesn't seem to have much of a form. It is like that terrible joke about what would you like the answer to be.    Anyway, as much as I would like to dismiss this issue, we just cannot. As the facts come out, it seems to just open more and more questions. How did this go on over the span of three decades with the procedures, policy, and management over the course of 18 years? How does this happen? I know the United States Geological Survey wants to put this behind them, but as a committee, we cannot close the books on this when the Administration witness shows up with a two-sentence explanation.    This was a chance to get the record straight. We have been assured that you will get us additional information when the investigation is concluded, but I would suggest to you that we are still waiting for documents that we requested 3 months ago. Some of the documents we did receive were redacted, they were duplicates, or even blank pages.    This document I am holding up here is a record of Dionex-IC-2000, 2011--Page 1 is a cover sheet; page 2, it is blank; page 3, it is blank; page 4, it is a comfort because this says this page is only for our committee use, and it is a blank piece of paper; page 5, this is only for committee use, and it is a blank piece of paper.    I don't know what you were expecting this committee, whether it is this side of the aisle or that side of the aisle, what is a committee supposed to do? We are supposed to play tic-tac-toe on this? For committee use only, pages 6 and 7, blank pieces of paper. Oh, we have a little bit on page 8. Again, a blank piece of paper on page 9. Page 10, we at least have a few things on that. Page 11, another blank piece of paper.    This is extraordinary. I mean, it is unbelievable. The Federal Government, regardless of administration, the Federal Government is being reduced to a joke, except it is so deadly serious.    So, the gold standard, it is not even a good toilet paper standard. When you submit the additional information, please give us something besides blank pieces of paper, because otherwise, at the hearing where we get into the names of people who have dishonored the government, dishonored themselves, dishonored those who worked under them, we don't want to have to bring up your name as one of those that has dishonored the committee.    You have been very gracious to come up here and to try to deal with this issue. But we hope as this administration comes to a close, the integrity and transparency will be restored, the Department of the Interior will abandon entrenched ideologies that have been going on over three decades, and finally hold wrongdoers accountable. Because one way or another, this committee is going to hold wrongdoers accountable, and we want to make sure that your name is not one of those who is helping cover for people who have done wrong over the years. If you will bear with me just one moment----    With that, let me also mention, Ranking Member Dingell, or other members of the committee, may have some additional questions for the witness. Under our rules, if any Member has additional questions, you will be required to respond to those, and we are not talking about blank pieces of paper with a stamp on it that says, ``For Committee's Use Only.''    Under Committee Rule 4(h), the hearing record will be held open for 10 business days to provide those responses after such questions, if any, are asked.    If there is no further business, then at this time the committee stands adjourned. Thank you.