    Mr. Duncan. A quorum being present, the subcommittee will come to order. I would now like to recognize myself for an opening statement.    The Western Hemisphere is home to an abundance of natural resources, including nearly a third of the world's oil reserves. With their own U.S. supplies of oil, natural gas and shale gas resources, the capacity to export liquified and compressed natural gas and the option of offshore drilling in the Atlantic, we have many reasons to deepen our energy engagement in the region.    Such action would spur economic growth and energy security while reducing energy costs, which will go a long ways toward building a more stable and prosperous hemisphere. Currently, our top crude oil imports come from Canada and Mexico.    Yet, the Obama administration's policies, while seeking to appease dictators in Cuba, have refused to take common sense approaches with Canada and Mexico.    The Keystone Pipeline decision remains mired in White House delaying tactics and State Department bureaucracy while the U.S. continues to unfairly prohibit crude oil exports to Mexico, and it is unlike our treatment toward Canada.    So earlier this year, President Obama used just the third veto of his presidency to stop House- and Senate-passed authorizing legislation to finally begin construction of the pipeline, even saying at the time that the pipeline wouldn't actually create that many jobs for the U.S.    Approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline would not only inject over $7 billion in private investment into our economy, it would also create thousands of good-paying jobs for the American people. Energy security is a segue to job creation.    Keystone XL also represents an important piece of ensuring our national security interest. Reducing our dependence on energy from unstable parts of the world and from regimes hostile to the U.S. interests has long been a crucial element in protecting our broader national security interests.    Canada and the United States enjoy a very close bilateral relationship with robust commercial ties. Our two countries enjoy the world's largest bilateral trade relationship, translating into over $1 billion crossing our shared northern border each day.    Moreover, Canada is the world's fifth largest petroleum producer and its reserves are believed to be third largest in the world only after those of Saudi Arabia and Venezuela.    Canada is already the United States' largest supplier of energy, and approval of the Keystone Pipeline from Canada to refineries in the Midwest and the Gulf Coast would translate into approximately 1 million additional barrels of oil per day, along with tens of thousands of high quality good-paying U.S. jobs.    It is telling when you remember that President Obama managed to force Obamacare onto the America people in just over 400 days, yet it has been over 2,000 days since the application for Keystone XL Pipeline from Canada was submitted to the State Department, and the administration continues to stall on approving or disapproving the project.    On this question I believe our treatment of our neighbor to the north, one of our best and largest trading partners and on so many other issues, is shameful.    So because of this, as chairman of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I convened the first meeting of this panel earlier this year to host senior leaders from several Caribbean countries in conjunction with the administration's Caribbean Energy Security Summit.    These CARICOM countries suffer from some of the most expensive energy prices in the world, hampering the growth of their island economies.    Isn't it time that we figure out innovative and cost-effective ways to export our recently discovered energy abundance to help these small countries once and for all get off their dependence on subsidized energy from Venezuela?    Not only does this make economic sense, but it also might actually help the U.S. geopolitically when the votes are cast at the U.N. and the OAS.    Today, the Western Hemisphere has some amazing opportunities for deeper U.S. engagement with Mexico's energy sector reforms, energy revolutions in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Peru, offshore exploration activities by Caribbean countries, and potentially new resources in the Arctic.    In Mexico, the promise of opening Pemex to foreign investment will not only potentially benefit U.S. companies but will go a long way in improving the efficiency of Pemex while stabilizing, indeed, increasing Mexico's stalled oil production.    This will lead to a more prosperous Mexico and that, unquestionably, is in the national interest of the United States.    The imminent approval of the United States Commerce Department to allow Mexico to swap up to 100,000 barrels of heavy crude for similar amounts of lighter U.S. oil could yet be a milestone toward eventual loosening of the four-decade-old ban on U.S. oil exports. This is truly a win-win.    In South America, despite simmering domestic political challenges with the vast offshore pre-salt oil reserves in Brazil and with Argentina sitting on the world's second largest shale gas reserves in the Vaca Meurta, opportunities for U.S. engagement abound.    The discoveries made in the pre-salt are among the world's most important in the past decade as the pre-salt province comprises large accumulations of excellent quality high commercial value light oil.    With elections set for this fall, it remains to be seen what the investment climate will look like in a post-Kirchner regime in Argentina. The world will be watching.    This hearing will explore how we can grow and enhance our existing partnerships with countries in this hemisphere, and preserve U.S. energy security, increase investment opportunities for U.S. companies and high-paying jobs for the American people.    Challenges for U.S. business investment remain in the region, but it is my hope that through hearings like this we will determine ways in which the U.S. can better engage on energy issues with our neighbors in the hemisphere.    Just returning from the Summit of the Americas, I really started thinking about hemispheric energy independence. If we think about some of the things I have talked about, whether it is Keystone Pipeline oil to U.S. refineries, whether it is the abundance of natural gas that we are finding in the United States, whether it is shale oil in the Bakken and our ability to extract that, possible energy exports of oil to the Caribbean nations limiting or effectively ending Petrocaribe's influence in the region, natural gas exports to Mexico, natural gas LNG and CNG through Central America and all throughout the hemisphere, working with our partners in Colombia and allies in Colombia and Brazil, expansions of possibly energy in Argentina, and what Peru and Chile are wanting to do, just so many different things that could happen, especially if political winds shift in Venezuela and that Venezuelan oil becomes more productive--oil fields become more productive and opportunity to utilize that oil in this hemisphere.    If you take every piece of that equation that I talked about--and there are others, I am sure, that we will hear from the panelists today--if you factor all those in to the Western Hemisphere and think about it in terms of hemispheric energy independence, then we negate a lot of the geopolitical concerns that are happening in other parts of the world.    So I look forward to today's hearing as we delve into this and I now turn to Ranking Member Sires for his opening statement.    Mr. Duncan. I thank the ranking member, and other members are reminded they can provide written testimony for the record. In the essence of time, we are going to move on to the witnesses. They are thinking about calling votes around 2:30, possibly 3 o'clock.    We may get through all that. Before I recognize each of you, I want to explain the lighting system, and I don't know where the lights are right near the----    Mr. Duncan. One minute. Yes, that is right. So 5, 1--5 minutes we are going to start, 1 minute it will give you a warning.    At the end of that 5 minutes I am going to need to cut you off. I will give a little leeway but and before I recognize the witnesses we have got their bios in the books. So I am not going to recognize each of you but I do want to recognize Dr. Knapp, who is from South Carolina.    He has testified on the Hill a couple times for me in this committee and in Natural Resources as well. At the University of South Carolina, he is a professor training the new minds on geophysical and seismic and all the things that we are going to need to take advantage of energy security in the future and I appreciate him being here.    So Dr. Knapp, I am going to go ahead and recognize you for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Dr. Knapp, thank you, and I felt like I was in a classroom there with a slide presentation. But very informative.    Mr. Book.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Book, and the Chair will recognize Mr. Webster for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I want to thank the gentleman. Great comments. We are going to come back to some of that.    Mr. Martin, whose parents are from South Carolina, a Citadel graduate, recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. Thank you so much.    Great testimony, and I just want to reiterate a statistic that I think Mr. Webster threw out there. Twenty-three million people in Latin America lack access to energy or electricity. Is that the number you threw out there?    Mr. Duncan. Twenty-three million?    Mr. Duncan. It is pretty--I am all about improving the quality of life. I think electricity does that for so many people around the world. If there is a way we can electrify Africa or electrify more in Latin America, you improve quality of life.    If people are cooking over charcoal or other things, air quality issues, lack of education ability, having to stop reading or hurting your eyes reading by candlelight, or other things, there are just so many different ways. So I appreciate you bringing that up.    Question for Mr. Webster--there are two different types of oil, really--heavy and light crude--and I am generalizing, of course. We have talked a lot about Keystone Pipeline today.    What kind of oil is coming out of the ground in Canada? Isn't it the more heavy type?    Mr. Duncan. We are set up--our refineries are set up?    Mr. Duncan. Because it is very similar to the oil we are importing from Saudi Arabia.    Mr. Duncan. And so the oil we are bringing out the ground, say, in the Bakken is a lighter, sweeter oil is my understanding.    Mr. Duncan. So in order to refine that oil it takes retooling or actually new refineries or heavy investment in U.S. refineries to refine that end of the--all the hydrocarbon products?    Mr. Duncan. That is missed in a lot of the debate on why bringing the Keystone Pipeline and bringing that Canadian oil down.    Our refineries are set up to handle it without a lot of significant investment on behalf of U.S. companies. So that is why it makes sense.    One thing that came to mind while one of you was speaking is some of the understandings that we have in talking with people in Peru and other South American countries is just private property rights, who owns the resources--a little different than the U.S. where we own air rights and mineral rights of a piece of property.    Down there you don't and, generally, ownership and surveys and deeded property and all that is not applicable in the jungles of Peru or a lot of indigenous people live in villages. The head of the village knows well, that property belongs to that family, but there is no deeded record of that.    So you run into a lot of problems with energy exploration and leases. So we have learned a lot about that in the last year travelling down there and talking with folks.    I think that is going to provide an impediment in a lot of ways--and I think Mr. Martin was talking kind of along those lines--as energy companies continue to try to explore and produce in South America and possibly in Central America. But I think that is an issue that they need to address, and I will just raise that. So with falling oil prices in the world, who gets hurt the most in this hemisphere? Mr. Book.    Mr. Duncan. Do you think Pemex is hurt a little bit with U.S. and global investors looking to help them change their infrastructure and update and modernize?    Mr. Duncan. Right.    Mr. Duncan. I think it is not unfortunate. The American consumer is definitely benefiting and, you know, we are going to see that trickle down in consumer goods and a lot of different things because transportation fuels are cheaper now.    But when Pemex is going through the reforms that I applaud, and I have made a lot of assumptions on what falling oil prices would have--the impact they would have on energy reforms in Mexico but offshore development not only here in the U.S. because we see a lot of production starting to fall off but also investment in other countries--that probably may have taken place had energy prices, barrels of oil been a little bit higher.    So let me ask this, Dr. Knapp. Arctic drilling--in your opinion, what is the energy potential in the Arctic?    Mr. Duncan. That is an interesting map you've got up there where seismic work has happened all around the Atlantic, with the exception of a big gap there alone the Atlantic coast of the U.S.    Mr. Duncan. That is current drilling?    Mr. Duncan. Okay.    Mr. Duncan. I see a big gap off the coast of South Carolina where there are no production or activities happening. We would love to see that.    Mr. Duncan. That is right. U.S. LNG exports--the Department of Energy approval process authorized that, has repeatedly got criticism by industry, experiencing lengthy delays. I think on May 7th the DOE granted final approval to a facility in Maryland. I am very bullish on exporting LNG.    I am talking with the folks in Latin America. They would love to see more U.S. exports of LNG. I think it is a win for the Caribbean nations that are struggling for cheap or affordable energy sources.    So what impact do you think would have--this would have on U.S. ability to export LNG, Mr. Book?    Mr. Duncan. Right. You know, Mexico is looking to Eagle Ford in Texas to look for some pipelines that are in the works to bring natural gas into Mexico to assist them.    But in talking with the Panamanians, they would love to be that sort of natural hub for Central America. You know, ships are coming through the canal anyway--why not offload some LNG and allow that to be regasified and distributed by pipeline throughout some of the Central American countries? I think it is a win for the region.    I think there is a lot of opportunity not only for Panama but also for American energy companies. And so I have got a lot of questions, but my time is up, so in the essence of time I am going to yield to the ranking member.    Mr. Duncan. It has happened before, and there are a lot of companies and individuals that have lost ownership. I think the ranking member is right about engagement in this hemisphere.    We have neglected, I think, as a nation and maybe even just Congress have neglected countries in this hemisphere way too long and we allow China or Russia to get a foothold.    But one thing that we are trying to do with this subcommittee is get re-engaged from the United States Congress with countries in the hemisphere and I think energy as a segue toward that re-engagement because I think energy is a win-win for everybody.    It improves quality of life. It helps electrify. It also helps U.S. businesses be able to export or to go down and invest in infrastructure. I just think it is a win-win. So we are going to continue with these type hearings about U.S. engagement in the hemisphere. Energy, I think, is the primary one right now.    I will turn to the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Duncan. I will yield a little bit of time to the ranking member.    Mr. Duncan. Why are--why did gas prices come down?    Mr. Duncan. Okay. So why did--why did global oil--crude oil prices come down?    Mr. Duncan. Well, global--slow recovery globally, right?    Mr. Duncan. So global demand was down. Supply was up.    Mr. Duncan. You had the Bakken onlining, but you also had the Saudis and OPEC keeping production levels up?    Mr. Duncan. Right. So just to simplify things, demand was down, supply was up. That affects prices. If the U.S. was able to export our crude oil on the global market then it would increase global supply to meet maybe a stagnant global demand, even decreasing--increasing global demand. But if you got more supply, then you are going to keep prices relatively stable or inexpensive.    Mr. Duncan. Do you think there is demand in the Western Hemisphere for energy resources?    Mr. Duncan. Right. Exactly.    So talk about Colombia just for a minute. We were down there in November. Wasn't it November we were down? And FARC had just blown up a natural gas pipeline and it is a pipeline that they have attacked numerous times.    There is a lot of work on the Colombians' part just to keep that safe. Then you throw in the reduction in the price of oil. Colombia pulled back from its offshore development somewhat.    So I am not talking about global prices but just safety and security in the region is very, very important, I would think. I mean, I have--people contact my office that do business down in Latin America that are needing security and caravans just to go out and do exploration or even the hydroelectric projects that they are working on to replace turbines or work on turbines they have got to have a security team with them just for safety and security.    How do you--how does that factor into what we are talking about today, and that is energy in this hemisphere when you factor in a security threat like FARC or any others? Can you all talk to that?    Mr. Duncan. So it is not--it is an impediment but it is not going to--that can't be overcome, I guess, is what I am hearing from you?    Mr. Duncan. Well, the last thing--they are going to call votes in just a second. It has been a great hearing. The last thing I want to--we have talked about the Caribbean and how we can lessen the influence of Venezuela in Petrocaribe by U.S. engagement in the Caribbean with the, you know, crude oil, with electrification and all that.    So the questions is, for each of you, how can countries in the Western Hemisphere work more closely together to achieve Western Hemisphere energy independence and wean ourselves off the resources from the Middle East and Africa?    If you had to put your hand on one thing that we could do as a hemisphere, what would that be? How can we work together? And I will start at Dr. Knapp and work across.    Mr. Duncan. That is all countries need to develop the resources?    Mr. Duncan. Yes. Mr. Book?    Mr. Duncan. Well, I want to thank the ranking member. I want to thank the members of the committee. I want to thank you for your great testimony and answering the questions.    We are just scratching the surface, really, of what we need to be doing about energy engagement and engagement all across the board on a lot of different fronts whether it is agriculture or other things in this hemisphere.    I am excited about the future. I think there is opportunity and I use that word in all caps. There is opportunity for American businesses. There is an opportunity for America and safety and security, national security, energy security.    But this is our neighborhood. It is not our back yard. I hate when people say well, that country is in our back yard. No, they are neighbors in this hemisphere. This is a Neighborhood.    We need to work with our neighbors in the Western Hemisphere to help everybody. I mean, a rising tide floats all boats and I think energy is a segue to rise the quality of living and standards and other things in this hemisphere and it is a way for the U.S. to get engaged once again to thwart any efforts by China or Russia or Iran or others that may be sticking a toe in the water here in our neighborhood.    So I look forward to continuing engagement with you, and with nothing further, I will stand adjourned.