    Mr. Marino. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will come to order. I apologize. First of all, we had votes and tried to get through them as quickly as possible.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time. We welcome everyone here to today's hearing on the Chevron Doctrine: Constitutional and Statutory Questions of Judicial Deference to Agencies. And I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    Today's hearing on the 30-plus-year-old Chevron doctrine presents interesting questions on the current state of the separation of powers, and the role of today's administrative state. These questions directly address the way our tripartite system of government works. For one, has judicial review of agency action evolved in a manner that respects the Constitution and the roles intended for the legislative, executive, and judicial branches? If there are issues, what can and should Congress do to address them?    In Chevron, the Supreme Court established a framework for how courts should review an agency's interpretation of a statute it administers. As a threshold matter, the court must determine whether the statute at hand clearly speaks to the question addressed by the agency action. If it does, then the court must conclude that the agency acted as Congress willed it. But if the statute is silent, or ambiguous, and congressional intent is not clear, then the court must consider whether or not the agency's interpretation is based on a permissible instruction of the statute. If it is, then the court defers to the agency's interpretation.    Although the Chevron doctrine is not as glamorous or headline worthy as some other issues we face in Congress, its indirect effect on the everyday lives of Americans cannot be understated. Its implications for the balance between the three branches of our government can be quite severe. In fact, many of the most significant decisions of the Supreme Court, in recent memory, centered on questions of administrative law. The focus is often on how agency officials interpreted a statute, rather than the substance of a statute itself as enacted by elected Members of Congress.    In this environment, Chevron and the cases that followed have caused confusion, instead of stability in the rulemaking process. In Marbury v. Madison, among the earliest precedents set by the Court, Chief Justice Marshall declared that, ``It is the province and duty of the judicial department to say what the law is.'' By mandating deference to agency interpretation of statutes, however, the judiciary has arguably stripped its own ability and charge to do just that. For those of us up here on the dais, Chevron raises additional concerns.    Throughout my time in Congress, and as a Member of the Judiciary Committee, I have decried the breadth and decree to which Congress has ceded its power to the executive branch and its agencies. Over 30 years of Chevron deference, we have seen the gradual creep of executive agencies from administrators of the legislative process to becoming legislators themselves.    As Justice Thomas noted in his concurrence to the Court's Michigan v. EPA decision from last summer: ``Statutory ambiguity thus becomes an implicit delegation of rulemaking authority, and that authority is used not to find the best meaning of the text, but to formulate legally binding rules to fill in gaps based on policy judgments made by the agency rather than Congress.''    In short, rather than executing the will of Congress, as set forth clearly through statute, agencies now have the freedom to define the law as they see fit. Some may argue that even the use of Chevron could be avoided by clearer legislation. This is true, and should be a goal for all in Congress. But, as long as Chevron stands, it still will not eliminate the opportunity and incentives for unelected bureaucrats, removed from the effects of their actions to set policy for our entire Nation. And we have seen it with just a small sample of overreaching EPA regulations like the Clean Power Plan, Waters of the U.S., and the Utility MACT rule found invalid in Michigan v. EPA.    A possibility of Chevron deference encourages a search, by those inside and outside of government, for ambiguity in a statute that allows them to engage in creative rulemakings to accomplish whatever goals an agency or organization may have. Today, we get to examine all of these results. We are fortunate to have an excellent panel of witnesses before us to present a variety of views. I look forward to hearing from each of you.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, my friend, Mr. Johnson from Georgia, for his opening statements.    Mr. Marino. The Chairman of the full Judiciary Committee, Chairman Goodlatte, has been detained. He may show up, but in the event he does not, without objection, I offer his opening statement to be entered into the record.    Hearing none, so ordered.    Mr. Marino. The Chair now recognizes the full Judiciary Committee Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers of Michigan, for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Without objection, other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record. I will begin now by swearing in our witnesses before I introduce you. So you would please stand and raise your right hand.    Do you swear that the testimony you are about to give before this Committee is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God? You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all the witnesses have responded in the affirmative.    I'm going to go through each one of your bios and then we'll come back and start with questions. Jonathan Turley is the Shapiro Professor of Public Interest Law at the George Washington University Law School. He has served as counsel in some of the most notable case of the last two decades. He has served as a consultant on Homeland Security and constitutional issues, and is a frequent expert witness for Congress on constitutional and statutory issues.    As a nationally recognized legal scholar, Professor Turley has written extensively in a range of areas. His articles have appeared in a variety of leading law journals and national newspapers. And he also contributes regularly to nationally syndicated news outlets. He is ranked 38 in the top 100 most public intellectuals, and was found to be the second most cited law professor in the country. Professor Turley earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Chicago, and his law degree from Northwestern University. Welcome, Professor.    Mr. Marino. John Duffy is the Samuel H. McCoy Professor of Law at the University of Virginia Law School. Prior to joining UVA's law school, Professor Duffy taught at the George Washington, Benjamin N. Cardozo and William & Mary Schools of Law as well as the University of Chicago. Professor Duffy also served as an attorney adviser in the Department of Justice's office of legal counsel and practiced law with the firm of Covington & Burling. Professor Duffy is widely published and the coauthor of the casebook on patent law. Professor Duffy earned his bachelor's degree in physics from Harvard University, and has a law degree from University of Chicago, where he served as article's editor of the law review.    Professor Duffy clerked for Judge Steven Williams on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and for the late U.S. Supreme Court justice, Antonin Scalia.    Mr. Shepherd is a professor at the Emory University School of Law. Prior to that, he served as a visiting professor of law at the University of Dresden in Germany and a lecturer for Kaplan Bar Review. Mr. Shepherd practiced commercial litigation and bankruptcy law at the firm of Howard Rice in San Francisco, California. Professor Shepherd's articles, working papers, and books have been featured in various national publications and leading law journals. He has appeared as an expert witness before various panels as well as the Senate Committee on the Judiciary. Professor Shepherd graduated Summa Cum Laude from Yale with a degree in economics. He holds a law degree from the Harvard Law School, and a Ph.D. in economics from Stanford University. Welcome, sir.    Richard Pierce is the Lyle T. Alverson Professor of Law at George Washington University Law School. He has taught and researched in the fields of administrative law and regulatory practice for 38 years. Professor Pierce has taught at many law schools, including Columbia, SMU, the University of Kansas, the University of Virginia and the Pittsburgh School of Law. Professor Pierce has published widely on administrative law and regulatory policy. His books and articles have been cited in hundreds of agency and court opinions, including over a dozen opinions of the United States Supreme Court. He is a member of the administrative conference of the United States.    Professor Pierce served our country in the U.S. Coast Guard in various capacities. He earned his bachelor's degree in economics from Lehigh University, he holds a law degree from the University of Virginia School of Law where he graduated Order of the Coif and served as managing editor of law review. Professor, welcome.    Emily Hammond is the associate dean for Public Engagement and Professor of Law at the George Washington University law school. Professor Hammond previously taught at several universities, including Wake Forest, the University of Oklahoma College of Law, the University of Texas, Florida State University and the University of Georgia. Professor Hammond practiced law with Bondurant----    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Professor Duffy.  TESTIMONY OF JOHN F. DUFFY, SAMUEL H. McCOY II PROFESSOR OF     Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Dr. Shepherd, please accept my apology for not referring to you as Dr. Shepherd when I started reading your bio.    Mr. Marino. Doctor, could you please pull that microphone closer to you?    Mr. Marino. It is still not working. Excuse me, a moment. I don't mean to interrupt.    Mr. Marino. All right. I hope I don't have to repeat my entire testimony.    The third group that understood the APA to restate existing law was the courts. After the APA was adopted, the courts did just the same thing that they did before the APA. They gave deference on fact questions and mixed questions; but they gave no deference on issues of law. If the Supreme Court had understood the APA to change the scope of judicial review, then the APA's adoption would have caused the court to change its approach, but that did not happen.    To sum up, the APA's provisions on judicial review are inconsistent with the Chevron doctrine. The Chevron doctrine requires courts to give deference to many agency decisions of law; the APA says the opposite. It explicitly requires courts to give no deference to agency's decisions of law. And the APA's legislative history confirms this.    Suppose the people who were involved in the passage of the APA took a time machine to today. They would be shocked at the Chevron doctrine. Indeed, it is easy to understand why the Chevron doctrine appeared only 38 years after the APA's adoption and not sooner. For many years, memories of the APA's true meaning were fresh. Only when memories started to fade, or to die out, could the courts adopt an approach that ignored administrative law's fundamental statute.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Professor Pierce.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Professor Hammond.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Professor Beermann.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Professor.    Each of the witness' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. We will now move to the Congressmen and women's 5 minutes of questioning, and I will begin by recognizing myself.    Professor Turley, in Federalist 51, James Madison wrote that the Constitution's separation of powers was structured to make ``ambition counteract the ambition,'' between Congress, the Executive, and the Judiciary in order to preserve liberty. How does the Chevron doctrine alter the incentives of the three Federal branches to undermine the checks-and-balances system?    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Professor Shepherd, Dr. Shepherd, one of the great oddities in modern jurisprudence is that the courts have never really explained how Chevron deference is consistent with the APA, which prescribes a standard of judicial review that seems to preclude deference to agencies' interpretations of the statutes, but honors still--your written testimony suggests that the legislative history of the APA demonstrates that Congress, in 1946, actually refused to adopt a deferential standard of review similar to Chevron's. Can you explain that in more detail, please?    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Professor Duffy, how can it be that in all these years since Chevron, the courts have never grappled with this legislative history of the APA that shows how Chevron is flatly inconsistent with the specific legislative compromise reached in the APA?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. My time has expired.    And the Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Congressman Johnson.    Mr. Marino. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Congressman Issa.    Mr. Marino. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Washington, Congresswoman DelBene.    Mr. Marino. The votes have been called. We are going to try to get the other two gentlemen in before, because I don't want you to have to wait here for a half hour or so.    The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Congressman Jeffries.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    This concludes today's hearing. And thanks to all our witnesses for attending.    Without objection, all Members will have at least 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    This hearing is adjourned, and we have to run to vote.