    Mr. Lance. Thank you very much, Congresswoman.    This hearing is a product of our ongoing Disruptor Series, and the package of bills we are considering today is the result of what we have learned from these hearings and aims to bring the Federal Trade Commission into the 21st century.    For my part, I have introduced H.R. 5111, the Consumer Review Fairness Act, with my colleague from Massachusetts, Congressman Kenned. Today it is easier than ever for consumers to make informed choices on which business or service to use by conducting Web sites and apps that publish crowdsourced reviews of local businesses. Easy access to reliable product and service evaluations has reduced transactions costs and helped contribute to an enormous consumer surplus estimated in the billions of dollars.    Unfortunately, a number of businesses have become frustrated by what they perceive as unfair criticism, and some have turned to the questionable legal remedy known as non-disparagement clauses, often buried in nonnegotiable form contracts. These clauses prohibit their customers from writing negative reviews about their businesses. It is essential we protect consumers' right to free speech and remove any doubt in potential consumers' minds that the reviews they are reading online are anything other than fair and accurate.    This bill would void non-disparagement clauses in form contracts. It would also provide the FTC with the enforcement tools it needs to combat the bad actors who try to use these onerous clauses.    And I yield the balance of my time to Mr. Pompeo of Kansas.    Anyone else on our side?    Thank you very much.    I next recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone.    Mr. Lance. Thank you, Mr. Pallone. New Jersey has to stick together.    Mr. Lance. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good morning to you, Commissioner.    I understand that the FTC settled a case with Roca Labs that resulted in an injunction that prohibits the company from using form contract provisions punishing consumers for giving negative reviews. And I am the sponsor the legislation in this regard, H.R. 5111, and I am pleased that you commented favorably upon it.    I would like to know, based on your expertise, what additional tools would the Consumer Review Fairness Act give the Commission to stop these kinds of deceptive practices.    Mr. Lance. I don't recall the details. Was this a decision of one of the United States Circuit Courts in that case?    Mr. Lance. And generally, how do companies entrap consumers so as not to be able to be honest in their reviews?    Mr. Lance. And the average consumer might sign some sort of form when he or she purchases a product and not realize that he or she is signing a form with a non-disparagement clause in it?    Mr. Lance. I think it is essential that the American people have the right to speak their minds in this area, and I hope that the bill I am sponsoring, with the cosponsorship of Congressman Kennedy, will be able to garner unanimous support here. And I certainly want to work with the FTC because I think it is nothing short of a scandal that the American people cannot freely and fairly express their points of view regarding products and services for which they have contracted.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time.