    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Could I just say to all three of you that we very much appreciate your service and appreciate your courage in coming forward.    I chair the Equal Opportunity Commission. I am very interested in this kind of alleged retaliation. It is interesting that when Congress passed title VII, it passed a retaliation provision in the statute that it is very, very important. And of course if there isn't any sense that when can I be punished for coming forward, this very, very heavy presumption against coming forward. So I was interested to hear about--I don't remember even though I had to essentially reform the entire agency, creating new parts of the agency, bringing together people--I don't remember anything called directed reassignments. In my view I can think of no more powerful instrument in the hands of an agency. You testified, I think it was, Mr. Rhoades, about somebody just quit.    Ms. Norton. And if that was the intention, it certainly worked. Mr. Livingston, let me just start with you because you reported that you indeed did suffer discrimination at TSA. Is that right?    Ms. Norton. And what was the basis for the discrimination?    Ms. Norton. All right. This seems like one thing leads to another.    Ms. Norton. Yes.    Ms. Norton. Going what?    Ms. Norton. You will have to explain that, sir.    Ms. Norton. Now, this committee and I think the House has unanimously passed a bill called the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act to help hold managers accountable. You know, the kinds of retaliation that would happen below your level perhaps is apparently better taken care of. Now, I was an original cosponsor. It looks like most of the committee was. This bill, by the way, is pending in the Senate. It hasn't passed the Senate yet.    But it would require the agencies to keep track of every single complaint to somehow--for the string of issues, Mr. Livingston, for example, you indicated there would have to be a tracking of the complaint through inception and resolution. Do you think this would help bring some additional level, Mr. Livingston? Any of the three of you, I will start with you, Mr. Livingston ----    Ms. Norton. See if something funny is going on here with a string of--did you see the string of ----    Ms. Norton. Yes.    Ms. Norton. And, Mr. Livingston, they gave me something of what you said, the staff, indicating that these nondisclosure agreements stand in the way. And of course I would like to know whether you think our bill that says that you can't restrict the employee from disclosing waste, fraud, or abuse to the Congress, special counsel, or the inspector general, whether that reaches far enough.    Ms. Norton. I thank the ranking member for those comments.    I just wanted to make sure I understand the difference between the legitimate use of a tool for management and its abuse. And I had asked you before about these directed reassignments, and I can see how it opens itself hugely for abuse and noted that apparently--and it is interesting. We passed the bill, but it looks like internally the agency has begun to take some action because it became apparently so open and such a problem within the agencies.    I want to ask--particularly, I asked about directed reassignments. Now, here is a legitimate tool. I just want to know if it has been misused because we see this tool all across the government, and this is the capacity of the agency to ask the employee to move every 4 years. Now, we see that, I mean, the State Department, we see it in the armed services of the United States. I am sure I see it because I see very often a different person from the National Park Service, but I note that a former--I think this is a former administrator of TSA, suspended with tour of duty initiative whereby the FSDs would be moved every 4 years. Why would he do that?    Ms. Norton. So it was a problem in that agency. I indicated that TSA is not unusual in having this tour-of-duty ----    Ms. Norton. What kind of agreement? I'm sorry.    Ms. Norton. Mobility agreement.    Mr. Brainard.--SES--mobility agreement. The SES ----    Ms. Norton. So you don't have to sign?    Ms. Norton. Mr. Rhoades?    Ms. Norton. So that is different from tour of duty?    Ms. Norton. So you can call it a tour-of-duty reassignment, you can call it a directed reassignment. Look, I am pleased that my friends and colleagues on the other side have the same view about the kind of minimal protections and even at your level that civil servants have.    I do note that we passed and I am so pleased we passed a bill ourselves, which is waiting for the Senate. You know, it didn't take a bill to do something about this. I noted that on March 24 of this year, apparently the present administrator--a detailed explanation of why this employee must be reassigned involuntarily versus any other options--any other options, it seems to me, is important--for this employee and/or the new position. Does that help this situation?    Ms. Norton. I certainly hope--Mr. Chairman, I very much appreciate your indulgence because I certainly--as I said, our committee moved unanimously and the House moved unanimously on this. Of course, the nuances are quite different. This is where the agency itself, with this detailed explanation, if you really hold people accountable, yes, let's put it in writing of why the employee must be reassigned. I particularly like the part that says let's go over what the options are. Instead of uprooting you, let's see what the options are. And there may be no option.    I must say, Mr. Brainard, I particularly appreciated your explanation because you seem to understand that there are some reasons for these policies and that what we are here discussing are not the reasons that are used across the government but the abuse of these policies in TSA in particular.    And I thank you very much for your testimony.