    Mr.  Salmon. The subcommittee will come to order.    Members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the official hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 calendar days to allow statements, questions, and extraneous materials for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    Good afternoon. And today, the subcommittee examines the administration's Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for the East Asia and Pacific region.    As we continue into what some are calling the Asian Century, U.S. annual expenditures for East Asia and Pacific are more and more important. Having lived in and traveled extensively throughout Asia, I firmly believe this region is driving the world's future. Our trade with Asia last year was more than $1.4 trillion, and 40 percent of the world's trade passes through the South China Sea alone.    The Obama administration has pushed efforts of its Asia rebalance to facilitate U.S. engagement in the region in both security and economic advancement, yet even after all the administration's rhetoric, this bureau remains the second-smallest of the State's six regional bureaus. While an increase in high-level regional attention is important, the day-to-day resources on the ground have got to match the commitment. I look forward to the witnesses' justification of this discrepancy today.    Most Members of Congress agree with the administration's call for greater engagement with the Asia-Pacific region to stimulate closer integration among our allies and partners to promote democracy and rule of law. Congress must play an important role in this conversation, and it is imperative, especially in light of our continuing fiscal challenges, that U.S. investment in the region be both effective and efficient.    Clearly, the Asia-Pacific region faces enormous challenges. In a speech given earlier this month, Secretary of Defense Ash Carter outlined the five main challenges that the United States faces today. Two of them are situated in the Asia-Pacific. The continued provocations of North Korea's rogue regime and the threat that the South China Sea, one of the world's busiest waterways, could be militarized. Secretary Carter went on to describe the region as the single-most consequential region of the world for America's future.    On North Korea I commend Chairman Royce's leadership in increasing sanctions on this rogue regime. I would be proud to join him in that effort, and now I am eager to see the implementation of this important new law.    China's actions in the South China Sea continue to raise the risk of conflict while simultaneously jeopardizing the international rights, freedoms, and order. As China continues its alarming trend of militarizing the South China Sea, the United States must be firm in its resolve to support international norms.    While I support the freedom of navigation exercises recently conducted by the U.S. Navy, I would like to see even more strategic clarity from the administration on the issue of the South China Sea to ensure international norms and the rule of law are followed.    Resourcing diplomatic and development responses to such challenges can be especially difficult in the region because strategic priorities do not always map directly to budget priorities. We must work closely with our regional partners, who continue calls for our assistance on issues like the South China Sea through programs such as the 5-year Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative, which seeks to foster regional stability by improving the maritime capabilities of our partners. I hope to hear from our panel more about this initiative and others specific to the South China Sea conflict.    The region faces a plethora of additional challenges from the growing threat of radical Islamist terrorist organizations and the influence of ISIS to the difficulty of establishing a region-wide system of trade rules that are free, fair, and uphold high standards. Our trade agreements help strengthen institutions and the rule of law while deepening our ties with our trading partners and regional allies.    I continue to support the Trans-Pacific Partnership and believe it will ultimately assist in regional economic trade activity, heightened regional trade standards, and promote increased economic growth for both the U.S. and our trade partners.    I was recently at a symposium put on by the McLean Institute in Sedona, Arizona, and James Clapper was there. And I remember him saying that TPP is probably worth three aircraft carrier or is the equivalent of three aircraft carrier. I am interested in hearing the panel's thoughts on utilizing development assistance funding to bring non-TPP members closer to TPP standards.    We were also in Indonesia, and they are interested in a second round. Their President, in meeting with President Obama in January, identified that they would like to be part of a second round. Philippines is very, very interested, Taiwan. You know, it is going to be interesting to see how it all plays out, but I think all of them are looking with great anticipation for this to finally be ratified and move on and see other opportunities arise in the days and years to come.    And today, we are going to discuss the many challenges and opportunities we face in the region and the administration's commitment to the rebalance in the context of the Fiscal Year 2017 budget request for East Asia and Pacific region. Given the heightened challenges in the region, the United States must fully commit to increasing integration amongst our allies and partners and continuing to promote peace and democracy. Making sure we understand these missions from a place of organization, efficiency, and effectiveness is equally important, so I am really grateful for our witnesses' willingness to join us today.    And I would like to recognize Mr. Sherman for any comments he might have.    Mr.  Salmon. We are grateful to be joined today by Assistant Secretary Daniel Russel of the Department of the State's Bureau of East Asia and Pacific Affairs and Assistant Administrator Jonathan Stivers of the U.S. Agency for International Development Bureau for Asia. And we are thankful to these witnesses for sharing their time with us today.    And I am going to start with you, Mr. Russel, and then Mr. Stivers when he has concluded. Thank you.    Mr.  Salmon. Thank you, Mr. Russel.    Mr. Stivers?    Mr.  Salmon. Thank you very much.    Just to give you a heads-up, we could get be getting buzzed for a vote any time now, any time between 25 past until 20 till, so we are going to be up here on pins and needles.    Mr. Russel, I completely support 100 percent the administration's stated goal of a rebalanced Asia. In fact, when I look at the priorities that you have outlined in your speech, I didn't really find anything that gave me pause. I support everything that you said 100 percent.    And, Mr. Stivers, the same goes for you. And as I have gone throughout the region and I have met with your personnel, both of you, I am so impressed and so amazed at how much they accomplish with the resources that they have. And I guess that leads to my question.    I mentioned that in my opening statement that while we have identified Asia as one of the most important priorities on the globe for this administration and for us as a country, it still remains pretty low as far as the resources, out of the six regions, second from the bottom. What is it going to take for us to be able to get the resources completely necessary? I know some of the Embassies that I have gone to seem like they have just about everything they need, but some of those Embassies that I have been to, they need more than they have got. They don't have all the resources that they need.    And again, I want to state for the record that your folks are some of the most amazing people I have ever met in my life, incredible leaders. And the ranking member mentioned kind of a nexus if you will between DOD and what you do with State Department and USAID. I believe that what you all do is keeping us out of war. And it is probably for less than 1 percent of the total budget, the job that you do is incredibly worth what we commit to it.    But are we giving the resources necessary for this region? And if not, how do we get there, Mr. Russel?    Mr.  Salmon. Mr. Stivers?    Mr.  Salmon. Mr. Sherman----    Mr.  Salmon . I yield to you.    Mr.  Salmon. Short question from Mr. Brooks.    Mr.  Salmon. And we will reconvene after the vote on the Floor.    Mr.  Salmon. Fire away.    Mr.  Salmon. Okay.    Mr.  Salmon. And you do have bipartisan agreement here on that.    Mr.  Salmon. Thank you. We will reconvene after the vote. Thank you.    Mr.  Salmon. We will reconvene this hearing.    Mr. Russel and Mr. Stivers, I wanted to give you a chance to maybe respond to the last question, resources for the State Department in general, why is it important? And you got a little bit of a chance to answer that.    The other thing I really wanted to focus on, the ranking member spoke about these rocks and uninhabited islands that are totally unimportant and maybe you could tell us why they are important. I will give you a chance on both of those.    Mr.  Salmon. Just to interject, and I get to see that firsthand. You know, what is interesting is we wring our hands every year over this discretionary budget. I just might point out that we could zero out all discretionary spending, all your funding for State Department, USAID, national parks, transportation, military. We could zero it all out and we would still have a heck of a deficit going, and that is because this place never really talks about the one place where if we made some changes actually would probably get us closer to a balanced budget, and that is dealing with our nondiscretionary accounts or our mandatory spending. And those areas eclipse everything.    And in a few years if Congress--I am leaving, but if Congress continues to put its head in the sand on dealing with entitlement spending and not doing anything about it, there won't be any money for discretionary spending. So this is money well, well, well spent, and I am anything but a big spender. And anybody who knows me knows that. But this is money that is incredibly well spent, and that is why I hounded you a little bit about even, you know, focusing more resources on the region because it is so critical to our livelihood, to our domestic policy as far as jobs and to our national and international security.    Mr. Stivers?    Mr.  Salmon. Let me just ask a follow-up question. Nothing, you know, is static. Nothing stays the same forever. And, you know, if our leadership from the region evaporates, what could potentially happen?    Mr.  Salmon. I just want to have one last question.    I know I mentioned that a couple weeks ago I attended an international summit held by the McLean Institute, and many of the speakers expressed grave concerns about the fact that on these islands that have really no value, as was mentioned or at least by the ranking member, if they have no value, then why is China building runways on them? Why is China putting radar on them? Why is China putting weapons on them? It is a reason. It is causing our allies in the region great, great, great concern.    I think it is about rule of law, but I think it is also about boundaries that have to be clear for any civilization. And I guess it does get back to rules, rules that have been in place for a long, long, long time. And if we as the one free beacon of liberty and hope can't stand to protect and secure rule of law, then I don't know what we are here for.    Last week, Defense Secretary Ash Carter visited an American aircraft carrier while it was sailing in the South China Sea, the second time he has made such a visit. And it highlighted once again this tension. And there are U.S. national security concerns. How does this year's budget request complement and operationalize the response to these tensions within State and/or USAID, and how does State and USAID's efforts complement DOD's response in our FON ops?    Mr.  Salmon. For whatever it is worth and then I will close my questioning and yield to the ranking member, but for whatever it is worth, I think that there needs to really be, I think, a stepped-up effort on behalf of all of us to reach out to the ASEAN folks to be more of a voice of clarity on these issues in the region. And I think that the more we speak in unison with some of the international bodies associated with this issue, I think the more that we will find success because I truly do think China is kind of testing its boundaries. And I really believe that. The more clarity we provide, the more we are able to avoid any kind of a conflict. Do you want to comment on that?    Mr.  Salmon. Thank you.    Mr. Sherman.    Mr.  Salmon. Well, I don't think that the administration is going to be given charge of the congressional schedule. I don't think Mitch McConnell or Paul Ryan will give that up.    Mr.  Salmon. All right. Well, thank you very much for coming to this hearing. We really appreciate it, appreciate all your hard work and the good things that you are doing in the region. Thank you very much.    And this committee is now adjourned.