    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And set forth, Mr. Chairman, at the beginning of the inspector general's report is a well-known doctrine for law enforcement officers. It simply says, ``Given the nature of their work, Federal law enforcement employees are held to the highest standards of conduct and must be accountable for their actions both on and off duty.'' Although this tenet should be obvious, it bears repeating here today. And it bears repeating every day. The inspector general's report details conduct that is simply deplorable for anyone, let alone law enforcement officials serving the United States of America.    The report describes allegations that a Colombian police officer, ``arranged sex parties,'' ``with prostitutes funded by the local drug cartels for these DEA agents at their government-leased headquarters or quarters.''    Although the inspector general's report describes activities between 2005 and 2008, last night our committee obtained new documents showing that some of these allegations were made far earlier, and some date back as early as 2001. In response to the committee's request, the DEA has now produced to the committee 88 internal reports issued by its Office of Professional Responsibility. One of these reports in particular, case number 20120085, goes into great detail about these allegations. However, the agency has warned that releasing the entire report could, ``expose complainants, witnesses, and victims.'' So we must summarize its findings today.    This new internal report details years of allegations beginning in 2001 that portray DEA agents as completely out of control. They appear to have fraternized with cartel members, accepted lavish gifts, and paid for prostitutes with no concern whatsoever for the negative repercussions with security vulnerabilities they created. This new internal report describes not one or two isolated incidents but literally dozens of parties with prostitutes in which DEA agents used government funds and government offices.    Mr. Chairman, my staff prepared a summary of this new internal report, and I ask unanimous consent that it be included in the hearing record.    Mr. Cummings. This new internal report details a truly breathtaking recklessness by DEA agents who are sworn to protect our country. Today I want to know how these egregious misconduct incidents could have continued for so long, for the better part of a decade, without being addressed. The head of this agency, Michele Leonhart, is here with us today. Given her extended tenure at DEA during the same timeframe of these abuses, we will have very direct questions for her. The Administrator was nominated by President Bush in 2003 to serve as Deputy Administrator of DEA. She began serving as Acting Administrator in 2007, and President Bush nominated her to serve as the Administrator in 2008. She was nominated again by President Obama and confirmed by the Senate in 2010.    The inspector general reports, says that ``The DEA supervisor has treated alleged sexual misconduct and sexual harassment as a local management or performance-related issue.'' It also finds that when the Administrator learned about these allegations, her agency imposed extremely light penalties. For example, when she was informed about wild parties involving prostitutes, she, ``counseled the regional director for failing to report the allegations.'' That was it. Just counseling. No other disciplinary actions.    One critical question for the Administrator is what women who work in these law enforcement agencies must think. With only counseling sessions and suspensions of 2 weeks or less for misconduct like this, what incentive do women employees have to report sexual harassment by their supervisors?    So, on Friday, the Attorney General sent a letter to the committee outlining steps to address the issues. And we're very pleased to receive that letter. These included reexamining the security clearances of those involved, reviewing DEA procedures when investigating misconduct, and prohibiting the solicitation of prostitution regardless of whether it may be legal overseas. These steps are critical, but they are clearly long, long overdue if the first instances of this misconduct occurred in 2001.    Finally, let me note that these problems transcend politics. On March 27, Chairman Chaffetz and I wrote a bipartisan letter to the DEA announcing our investigation, and we are fully committed to working together to investigate these incidents, how the agency responded, and whether additional steps are needed to help prevent this misconduct from ever happening again.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Ms. Leonhart, do you think that you're the right person for this job? You know, I've been--I just intentionally wanted to hear some of the testimony. I have a lot of concerns.    It seems like there's a culture that has developed here. And even the Attorney General's letter when he has to say ``don't fraternize with prostitutes''--hello? Am I missing something? I mean, I think that we are at an all-time low here. Don't you?    Mr. Cummings. OK. I only have a few minutes, but I just--I'm very concerned, Mr. Horowitz. And on page 12 of your report, you made the following Statement, ``We found the regional director and acting assistant regional director and the group supervisor failed to report through their chain of command or to DEA OPR repeated allegations of DEA special agents fraternizing with prostitutes and frequenting a brothel while in an overseas posting, treating these allegations as local management issues.''    Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. So despite these facts, none of these employees--the special agent, the group supervisor, the regional director, and the acting assistant regional director--ever reported these allegations to the Office of Professional Responsibility or to you at the IG's office. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Now, Mr. Horowitz, when these allegations finally came to light in 2012, your report States--``The DEA Administrator counseled the regional director for failing to report the allegations.'' Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. And, Ms. Leonhart, is that correct? Did you personally counsel the regional director?    Mr. Cummings. Now, was that the only discipline that he got, somebody sitting there saying, you're supposed to do your job?    Mr. Cummings. Please. You mean to tell me that was the discipline--``Do your job''? That's not discipline, is it?    Mr. Cummings. Come on.    Mr. Cummings. Who was the regional----    Mr. Cummings. OK.    Mr. Cummings. Well, just tell us what you said very briefly. I only have a minute or so.    Mr. Cummings. And so what did he say? I mean, I wish I had a tape recording of that conversation, but----    Mr. Cummings . In 30 seconds, what was said by him?    Mr. Cummings. So were they suspended at all?    Mr. Cummings. I mean, you said he sent them back to the United States.    Mr. Cummings. And this--and so did you think that was sufficient?    Mr. Cummings. Who was the highest ranking DEA official between 2001 and 2008 who was aware of these misconduct issues?    Mr. Cummings. No. I'm talking about the--well, let me change that to 2005 to 2009.    Mr. Cummings. Yes. The highest ranking person.    Mr. Cummings. Did you have power to discipline on the level of the regional----    Mr. Cummings. So you could have fired him. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So you do feel that he did something wrong?    Mr. Cummings. And so you--and you failed to discipline him, other than counseling him?    Mr. Cummings. Well, who came up with the suspension, then? I'm confused.    Mr. Cummings. Right.    Mr. Cummings. Just one more question.    Mr. Cummings. The OP--if--reporting, now if he had reported it, he was supposed to have reported to the Office of Professional Responsibility. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. And if he had reported that there was a possibility that the agent would lose their security clearance. Is that right? Is that right, Mr. Horowitz? Do you know that?    Mr. Cummings. And if they lost their security clearance, does that mean they, then, lose their job?    Mr. Cummings. So, in looking at it in hindsight, the regional director, do you feel that he received appropriate discipline?    Mr. Cummings. Do you think there's a culture problem here?    Mr. Cummings. May have been? May have been?    Mr. Cummings. When did it stop?    Mr. Cummings. When did it stop?    Mr. Cummings. When did it stop? You said ``may have been,'' so you're assuming that--I assume you have a date that you think it stopped, and I'd like--I'd love to know what it is.    Mr. Cummings. Why you say that.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.