    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank you for holding this hearing to examine the use of social media by the Islamic State and would like to thank today's witnesses for helping the committee with its work.    As noted by Jessica Stern and J.M. Berger, in their recent book, ISIS, the State of Terror, the Islamic State, also known as ISIL, has been prolific in its ability to exploit a variety of social media platforms. According to the authors, jihadists have been making slick propaganda for decades. But for a long time, these productions catered to an exclusive audience of potential recruits, never making the evening news or creeping into the collective consciousness of the West. However, in stark contrast, ISIL and its online supporters, continue to use Twitter, Facebook, WhatsAp, and other social networking services to broadcast their terrorist messages to a global audience in real time and significantly extend their recruitment, mobilization, and financing efforts beyond the battlefields in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan.    Last week, the Combatting Terrorism Center at West Point, again a J.M. Berger report, issued the existence or noticed the existence of over 40,000 accounts actively supporting the Islamic State on Twitter, with an estimated 2,000 accounts tweeting in English. A majority of these users form the core of the ISIL's aggressive online recruitment strategy. This strategy is designed to introduce recruitment targets to the Islamic State ideology, to groom and lavish attention on potential recruits through subsequent communication in private online channels, and directly call them to jihad. Ranging from lone-wolf style attacks at home, to migration to the Islamic State. The Islamic State even has a name for its most enthusiastic online users, mujtahidun, or the industrious ones. Jessica Stern and J.M. Berger note that these online supporters are far more active than their counterparts in Jabhat al-Nusra in Syria or Al Shabaab in Somalia in using social media tactics to expand their reach.    The impact of ISIL's extensive social media presence has already been witnessed in the unprecedented flood of foreign fighters to Iraq and Syria. A few months ago, I had the opportunity to travel with several House and Senate Members in a congressional delegation to the Syrian-Turkish border, an area north of Aleppo. We were briefed on the lack of meaningful progress in our train and equip program of so-called moderate rebels. We also met with representatives of about a half dozen rebel groups. And the only common characteristic between these groups was, one, they all saw Bashar al-Assad and his regime as the primary enemy. And, second, the all use WhatsAp as their platform for communication.    As reported in September of 2015 by the Bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Combatting Terrorism and Foreign Travel, nearly 30,000 foreign fighters have traveled to Iraq and Syria in 2011 to join the Islamic State, including an estimated 250 individuals from the United States who have sought to fight on the side of the extremists in ISIL conflict zones. There is also more direct evidence of the effect of Islamic State's online strategy here at home. According to the West Point report, at least 60 individuals have been arrested in the United States in 2015 for criminal acts in support of the Islamic State. Social media has played a role in the recruitment or radicalization in almost every single case.    As ranking member for the Financial Services Committee's Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, I am well aware that ISIL and other terrorist groups are also using social media platforms and applications to coordinate funding for terrorist activity. Last year, David Cohen, who was then the undersecretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence at Treasury, remarked that constraining the flow of funds to terrorist groups is, ``particularly challenging in an area when social media allows anyone with an Internet connection to set himself up as an international terrorist financier.'' In particular, we have seen that private funding networks are relying on social media to solicit so-called charitable donations and inconspicuously connect donors with recipients on the battlefield. In response to the exploitation of social media by ISIL and other terrorist groups, Twitter and other service providers have slowly, and I must say grudgingly in some cases, begun to take some action to suspend terrorism-linked users accounts. This is often called a whack-a-mole approach to countering terrorism messaging, as suspended users can simply create new accounts. Jessica Stern and other analysts have noted that to a certain extent this strategy can prove effective in disrupting for a while and eventually downgrading terrorist social networks.    In addition, in 2011, the U.S. has established the Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications at the State Department, which for the past couple years has focused on countering ISIL's propaganda. However, as noted by one of today's witnesses, Ambassador Fernandez, the Center's budget over 3 years totaled the cost of a single Reaper drone, $15 million, and has remained the same since 2012. The team of operators and editors working in Arabic and English has not exceeded 15 people at any one time. The Center has also been operating amidst congressional budget constraints and hiring freezes that result at Federal agencies when Congress continues to enact short-term funding resolutions instead of traditional appropriations bills. We may have some progress in that regard as pending.    Mr. Chairman, it's clear that we must do more to counter the social media threat posed by the Islamic State and other terrorist groups. I look forward to discussing what additional steps we can take to strengthen our counterterrorism strategy in this regard, as well as support corresponding international, private sector, law enforcement, and community efforts.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I yield back the balance of our time.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you. I want to thank you again, members of the panel, for your wonderful testimony.    The struggle in dealing with some of the platforms, whether it be Twitter or WhatsAp or Facebook, and I acknowledge that there's variable response rates from those different organizations. The problem we have is that we have to try to balance national security. And we all agree that ISIL is out there and is an immediate threat. We also have to try to balance that against the rights of free speech that people have. And that's been a struggle here.    But in reality, Ambassador Wallace, your group has been out there, you're engaged in some, you're doing some good work, and you're reporting on some of these efforts over the top. Where do you draw the line? I mean, where do you, you know, it's, you know, Mr. Purdy, you mentioned, Milestones by Qutb, you know, which was written probably back in the 1950s, maybe even earlier. I'm not sure if I'm right on that. But it's a piece of literature that, you know, has led to the radicalization of some groups. But people might argue that has value elsewhere in Islam.    Where do you draw the line where, you know, some postings are a threat and you need to take them down? And are the things that we are seeing now an easy call? Or do we get into this debate? Some of these people are clearly, you know, they're putting videos on there of executions, things like that, which is an easy call I would imagine. What are the, you know, how does your organization do some of its greatest work in terms of forcing, you know, these platforms to take down some of this stuff?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. That's helpful. Anybody else want to take a crack at that? I have another follow-up question in terms of, you know, how we actually accomplish this. There are two models that, and the testimony here this morning, one is sort of a cyber battalion where we would have a government screening process of, you know, taking these down and looking at them.    The other is, has also been raised by testimony this morning, which is, you know, let a thousand flowers bloom where you have private society, individuals out there reporting, so that we use that force multiplier, if you will, of just people online, if you see something, report it, and then have others take action on that. Is there a preference?    I realize the scope of this is pretty large. But is there a preferred approach as to having government do it versus calling on individuals citizens to be more vigilant? Mr. Gartenstein-Ross? Doctor?    Mr. Lynch. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I'd like to move out a little bit from the tactical discussion we have been having about social media, and really look at this from a long-term strategy perspective, if we could for a minute. I spent a lot of time on this issue. I'm one of the few that have actually gone in and talked to Assad. It was a few years ago.    The paradox here, and I've also met with all the major rebel groups, and I just have to say that this idea, this fiction of a moderate Syrian rebel group, I just don't see it, not in the terms of moderate in which we in this country regard it. The rebel groups are all Islamic. Oddly enough, Assad--and he needs to go. No question about it. There's a consensus around that, except for Russia, and Iran and Hezbollah--ironically he provides protection to religious minorities. And the people that we're trying to help, and I've met with them in refugee camps in Gaziantep and Istanbul, and they're Islamists, and they want to create an Islamic republic, and to various degrees they want to you push an Islamic model on the population there. So it provides a real dilemma for us.    I heard some testimony yesterday from Secretary of Defense Ash Carter and also our new head of the Joint Chiefs General Dunford. They were talking about Sergeant Wheeler, who had been killed recently--God bless him and his family--they were talking about the possibility of putting boots on the ground to some extent for various purposes. And, you know, if you go back to what Petraeus talked about in Iraq in terms of the surge, and giving the Iraqis an opportunity there, his counterinsurgency program, which was very successful until we handed off our responsibility, that was the weak link in his program, in the program. I see it as the weak link in any program that we have with Syria.    When you look at Syria, let's just say that Assad goes, either by negotiation or by force, who do we hand off to? And I'm not saying that rhetorically. I'm asking you who do we hand off to? Because I met with all the players there, and I mean, I don't think anyone is there, of any significant strength that we could say, okay, we have killed the bad guys, if that's what we say, or we have taken out Assad. Here you go. I don't see anybody in the region now who could actually step in and do that job.    So if you're going to envision using boots on the ground, you ought to have an exit strategy going in, and I just don't see anybody we can hand off to, and I think we would be sucked into a program where we would have to try to create--this is Iraq 2.0. We would have to create the institutions to guide that country for the next 10, 15, 20 years.    So I know you weren't hired to do this job, but you all spend time on this. If you could just share your thoughts on that whole question with me, that would be great. Mr. Wallace?    Mr. Lynch. Doctor, I know you wanted to say something.    Mr. Lynch. I'm not sure--Ambassador would you mind?    Mr. Lynch. Ambassador Fernandez.    Mr. Lynch. All right. Mr. Purdy?    Mr. Lynch. Okay. I thank you for your indulgence, Mr. Chairman, I went way over time. Thank you.