    Mr. KELLY. Good morning. I call this hearing to order.    I would like to start by thanking the witnesses, especially the small business owners who have traveled here from different parts of the country, for being here today.    Being a small business owner in America is a tough job. No matter what your business, you must wear many different hats. In addition to doing what you went into business for in the first place, you probably have to tackle responsibilities as a tax accountant, advertising executive, regulations expert, fund-raiser, and human resources expert as well. Yet, throughout history, entrepreneurs in America have done all these things and more. One of the things that is critical for small business owners is finding, attracting, and retaining qualified employees. To find success in today's global economy, companies know that creative, adaptable, and engaged employees are a critical asset, and while recent surveys show that Americans hold small businesses in high esteem, at a rate of three times higher than big businesses, small firms still have to aggressively compete with firms of all sizes to fill out their rosters. To win this war for talent, firms know that they must become employees of choice so that their organizations can bring together the best individuals to work on the challenges and opportunities of a new and ever-changing economy. Increasingly, these small businesses have expanded the traditional benefits they offer prospective employees in the face of greater competition for talent.    We have had small firms testify before our committee in the past that offer new benefits that small firms would not traditionally offer, such as flex time packages with greater work-home balance, wellness programs with financial incentives, or bonuses with stock options and profit-sharing arrangements. But the competition is not always fair. Sometimes, small business owners' ability to compete for talented employees can be hindered by federal regulatory or statutory action, or in some cases, inaction.    One area of particular importance is tax policy. Most small businesses find it difficult to stay current on tax laws because so many tax revisions are temporary. Effective only for a few years or even months, and regularly extended, these provisions, commonly referred to as ``tax extenders'' leave small business owners guessing about their tax liabilities each year. This is in contrast to large firms that often have tax attorneys and accountants on staff to help them get a better grasp of their tax liability in any given year. While they dislike the uncertainty the extenders provide, most small firms welcome the extension of these provisions because they result in lower tax bills and provide opportunities for them to invest in their businesses. Among the most popular are bonus depreciation, section 179 expensing, and the research and experimentation tax credit.    I suspect that our witnesses today will give us ideas as to what they would like to see in the extenders package. I am looking forward to hearing your thoughts.    Again, I want to thank all of you for taking the time to testify before us today. I now yield to our ranking member, Ms. Chu, for her opening statement.    Mr. KELLY. If Committee members have an opening statement prepared, I ask that they be submitted for the record.    I would like to take a moment to explain the timing limits for you. You will each have 5 minutes to deliver your testimony. The light will start out as green. When you have 1 minute remaining, the light will turn yellow. Finally, at the end of your 5 minutes it will turn red. I ask that you try to adhere to the time limit.    And with that said, now I will introduce the witnesses. I will do all of you and then I will let the ranking member introduce her witness.    Our first witness is Jason Duff, founder and CEO of Bellefontaine Ohio Properties, a development firm that purchases and remodels storefront buildings in Bellefontaine, Ohio. The firm then works to attract, recruit, and start new businesses in the community. In addition to his real estate business, Jason is also a third generation business owner, working for his family-owned enterprise, Ohio Ready Mix. He is a regular advice contributor to INC., Forbes, and Entrepreneur magazines, and is testifying on behalf of the Small Business Entrepreneurship Council. Thank you for being with us today, Mr. Duff.    Up next will be Todd Kriegel, CEO of Global Precision Parts, Inc., or GPP. A family-owned business, GPP has three locations in the Midwest with approximately 200 team members. The company sells into the automotive light truck, plumbing, heavy truck, HVAC, tube fabrication, hydraulic, and munitions industries. Testifying on behalf of the Precision Machine Products Association, Todd serves on their Government Affairs Committee and Board of Directors. We appreciate your participation today, Mr. Kriegel.    Our next witness is Rich Shavell, president of Shavell and Company, a CPA and consultation firm based in South Florida. The company serves contractors of all sizes with financial statement, tax, and consulting services. Rich is a long-time member of the Associated Builders and Contractors where he has served as chair of the National Tax Advisory Group and chair of the Legislative Committee of ABC's Florida East Coast Chapter. He has also served as chair of the Construction Financial Management Association National Tax and Legislative Affairs Committee. He is testifying on behalf of the Associated Builders and Contractors today. Thank you again, Mr. Shavell.    I yield to Ms. Chu for the introduction of Mr. Nichols.    Mr. KELLY. I now yield 5 minutes to Mr. Duff for your opening statement.    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Duff.    And now I recognize Mr. Kriegel for his opening statement.    Mr. KELLY. Thank you for your testimony, Mr. Kriegel.    We have House votes on the House floor, so we will adjourn for about 45 minutes and then have the next two witnesses and reconvene after the votes.    Mr. KELLY. Okay. We will reconvene at this time, and with that said, we now ask for the opening statement of Mr. Shavell.    Mr. KELLY. At this time, I would like to recognize our chairman, Mr. Chabot, who has now shown up for the entire Committee, and with that said, I now yield to our ranking member, Ms. Chu, for the introduction of our next witness.    Mr. KELLY. I am sorry. Mr. Nichols, at this time, if you will give us your opening statement.    Mr. KELLY. At this time, I recognize myself for 5 minutes to ask questions to the panel.    During the past 6 years or so, the number of business deaths has outpaced the number of business formations, and we have discussed that quite a lot in our Committee this year. In other words, more businesses are failing each year than are being created. This is a big problem. Do you any of you feel that the increasingly complicated nature of the tax code has played a role in the number of business deaths that we have seen in recent years?    Mr. Duff?    Mr. KELLY. Anyone else?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Nichols?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Kriegel, you talked a little bit about the nexus of access to financing and tax liability in your written testimony. Could you talk a little more about the interplay between certainty in the tax code and assessing financing and capital you need in your line of business?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you.    And Mr. Duff, if there were to be an extenders package passed next week, could you realistically take advantage and make a snap decision, get something ordered, delivered, and installed in time to get the tax break?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you.    And Mr. Shavell, in the past, we have had witnesses that have said that some small business tax incentives, such as the Small Business Healthcare Tax Credit established in Obamacare are not worth the time. Have you found this to be the case when working with small firms? And how does this contrast provisions like section 179 or bonus depreciation?    Mr. KELLY. Thank you very much. My time is expired.    I next recognize the ranking member, Ms. Chu.    Mr. KELLY. If you can wrap it up pretty quick. We are past our time.    Mr. KELLY. The gentleman's time is expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I next recognize for 5 minutes Ms. Radewagen.    Mr. KELLY. Thank you. The gentlewoman has yielded her time back.    In closing, again, I want to thank each of the witnesses for being with us. All of you provided excellent testimony, both orally and in writing, and I appreciate that.    As this Congress progresses, my colleagues and I on the Committee on Small Business will continue to work to simplify the tax code and provide small business owners the certainty they need to focus on growing their businesses instead of guessing what their tax liability will be in the coming year. In the meantime, we will share what you have shared with us today with members of the House Ways and Means Committee to help them craft a thoughtful and robust tax extenders package.    I ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    This hearing is now adjourned.