    Mr. Seasholes. I think it is.    Mr. Seasholes. All right. Good to go.    Chairman and Committee Members, thank you for the opportunity to testify. My testimony today focuses on endangered species conservation, specifically landowners and their concerns, which include property rights and values, because they are the linchpin for the conservation of this country's biodiversity, particularly endangered species. And the main reason for this is that private landowners own most of the habitat for endangered species.    Over the past several decades, however, it has unfortunately become apparent that the Endangered Species Act is doing enormous harm to endangered species, because its penalty-based approach works against landowners by infringing on their property rights and negatively impacting their property values and the ability to earn income from their land.    Due to this penalty-based approach, the Endangered Species Act discourages landowners from harboring endangered species, as well as from allowing scientists and researchers onto their land, and encourages landowners to rid their property of endangered species, and the habitat necessary to support them, as well as keep quiet and hope the presence of endangered species on their land is not noticed by regulatory authorities, as well as groups that support the Endangered Species Act.    Regrettably, pressures on landowners and the anticonservation incentives they create are in the process of getting much worse due to a number of factors.    First, the number of listed species is increasing dramatically as a result of a 2011 lawsuit settlement.    Second, most of the species covered under the lawsuit settlement are based in freshwater aquatic habitats, which means entire watersheds, not just discrete parcels of land, may well be subject to the Endangered Species Act's regulations, as one of the groups involved in the lawsuit settlement has indicated.    Third, the recent expansion of the Clean Water Act under the Waters of the United States rule is likely to create a regulatory nexus with the Endangered Species Act.    Fourth, the Administration's recent efforts to expand the Endangered Species Act, particularly under the critical habitat rule and definition.    And lastly, very aggressive groups that excel at litigation but don't do any real conservation work have been driving the agenda.    In order to address these problems, substantive reform is necessary. Various reforms over the past two decades have proven ineffective because they leave intact the penalties that cause harm to species and landowners. Substantive reform starts with eliminating these penalties.    Fortunately, an answer for a new successful approach to conserving endangered species is hidden in plain sight and has been around for over 100 years. It is called cooperative extension. It exists in every State and provides technical assistance and information to help farmers, ranchers, forest owners, and others improve their land use and natural resource practices.    There is a reason why landowners voluntarily pick up the phone and call their local cooperative extension office. But most landowners would not dream of calling the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service if they thought they had an endangered species on their property. The reason is that cooperative extension comes with technical help, some financial assistance, and it is voluntary. By comparison, endangered species result in fear, intimidation, compulsion and reduced property values.    The incentive-based approach of cooperative extension stands in stark contract to the penalty-based approach of the Endangered Species Act.    This beautiful country of ours is blessed with an incredible diversity of species, but the conservation of these species depends on the good will and willing cooperation of America's landowners. America has a long and proud tradition of private conservation, which is very much a part of the spirit of volunteerism, civic-mindedness, and patriotism that are hallmarks of American culture.    As the success of cooperative extension shows, America's private landowners are ready, willing, and able to conserve this country's land, water, and wildlife so long as they are not punished, their property rights and values are not threatened, and they are shown the open hand of friendship, not the closed fist of regulation.    While there are enormous problems with how this country goes about conserving endangered species, there that are larger opportunities to fix these problems by charting a new course for endangered species conservation that respects landowners and their property rights.    This concludes my remarks, and I would be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Seasholes. Sure. I'd be happy to.    There's been, over the past several decades as this issue has become more prominent, there has emerged in the scholarly literature a number of species, one of which is the red-cockaded woodpecker, which inhabits the pine forests of the southern United States. There have been several empirical research projects that have been published in the literature showing several things. One, landowners destroying property preemptively to try to preclude woodpeckers from moving in. Also, not replanting property or planting with species that may be unfriendly to the woodpeckers. And there are a number of others detailed in my testimony.    In terms of evidence for how a more incentive-based approach would work better, I'd just like to call your attention to, and it's my written testimony, over the past decade there have been a number of landowner surveys into the factors that encourage and discourage landowners from conserving endangered or potentially endanger species. And these landowner surveys have shown a number of things. One thing is landowners want to be compensated, they don't like to be regulated, they don't like permanent conservation easements.    And so what these landowner surveys kind of give shape to is, I think, a really new approach that would be more effective that points towards, as I said, the cooperative conservation or cooperative extension approach that has been very successful. And landowners across the country engage it, I'm sure many of your constituents perhaps even, they like it, they have very good relationships with State-based, Federal even, from U.S. Department of Agriculture extension agents. It is very different, the relationships they have with the Fish and Wildlife Service, which tend to be very negative.    Mr. Seasholes. I believe so. I've been there about a year and a half, so I'm kind of still learning the ropes.    Mr. Seasholes. I do not know. I'm sorry. It's a bit above my pay grade.    Mr. Seasholes. I'm not agnostic, Mr. Cohen. I don't know. I've been there for about a year and a half.    Mr. Seasholes. I may be ignorant, but I don't necessarily not care.