    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Yehia, thank you for your testimony and for all of your efforts to transform the VA and improve access, quality of care and outcomes for veterans.    Earlier in the day, I was at a conference that Under Secretary Shulkin organized around preventing veteran suicide, which I would argue should be the priority here. And the word priority means something, right? If you prioritize something, it puts that at the top of the list.    So I understand that there are 12 priorities, breakthrough priorities that the secretary outlined. I know there are a lot of moving parts and there are a lot of things to improve and to work on. But what strikes me is that if we really think that we have a crisis in veteran suicide and access to mental health today and it really requires urgency in resources, rethinking how we deliver that care and provide access to it, then we should really be organized around that. As you know and just for the benefit of the Committee and others who might not, in El Paso, which had the worst mental health access rates in the country and still struggles, I think we are third-from-worst today, which is an improvement, we essentially adopted a plan as a community with the VA and with your help to prioritize access to mental health care and to try to prevent veteran suicide. And the idea is that as important as it is to see a podiatrist to get your foot fixed or an endocrinologist if you have diabetes or a dentist to get your teeth fixed, preventing veteran suicide is more important than all of those. And ensuring that if you go to the VA, it is a--I know this is a term of art, but it is a center of excellence for PTSD, TBI, those unique conditions associated with combat and service.    And you, the VA, has helped by piloting a navigator concept or care coordinator who helps if you have one of these service-connected conditions you are seen in the VA by hopefully a world-class provider. If not, we are going to prioritize your care that is comparable to what a civilian would experience to the private sector. We have got great partnerships with Texas Tech, which is providing five psychiatrists so that we can expand capacity for care in the VA.    And yet we just looked at the numbers, you have 116 or Congress has authorized 116 mental health provider positions within the El Paso VA and right now we are at 91 filled, which leaves us 25 short, and I would argue that 116 is probably too little to meet the demand that you have in El Paso.    So what do we have to do? We have adopted the plan, we have got additional resources. If we are maximizing capacity in the community and implementing this transformation plan that you and the secretary have introduced and touted and which I am a big fan of, why aren't we seeing better results in terms of meeting what I think is the single greatest crisis facing veterans in this country, which is 22 veterans a day taking their own lives? If that is truly a priority, why are we not beating all the bushes, taking over the airwaves to recruit those mental health providers to communities like El Paso and others who are historically under-served, where I know for a fact because I talked to the surviving family members that veterans are killing themselves because they don't have access to mental health care?    Why can't we hire those 25 positions? What is the holdup?    Mr. O'Rourke. Let me interrupt you just because--    Mr. O'Rourke. I am talking about a single-minded, almost exclusive focus on getting that up. It doesn't mean that other things are unimportant, all these conditions are important, I would just say this is the most important preventable way that veterans are dying that--    Mr. O'Rourke. Okay. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.