    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank our panel for taking the time to be here.    Ms. Boccia, you just mentioned a game of chicken that the Administration was playing. Did that impact our markets?    Mr. Tipton. So that did hurt the United States. Do you find it irresponsible of Secretary Lew to have made comments to Congress that we simply cannot pay the interest, pay the principal and the interest, be able to service portions of the debt, while at the same time they were making plans to do that very thing? Do they hold some culpability in roiling those markets?    Mr. Tipton. So that probably ties back to Dr. Stone's comments that candidate Obama rather than President Obama was being reckless when he had talked about the debt ceiling and then was concurrently reckless as President of the United States by instructing his Treasury Secretary to not be forthcoming with the American people. Is that accurate?    Mr. Tipton. But it is accurate.    Mr. Tipton. I think we can probably dispute that from that report that they were holding that back.    But you know, we were raising hands here. Who on the panel thinks that we can continue as a Nation to spend more than we take in? Let the record show no one thinks that we can continue to spend more than we are taking in as a country.    When we were looking at--Dr. Stone thinks we can spend more than we take in.    Mr. Tipton. How well did that work out for Greece, Dr. Stone?    Mr. Tipton. It's a completely different example?    Mr. Tipton. No, I think we have probably--Ms. Boccia, you had mentioned in your testimony that in the 2015 International Monetary Fund working paper, they concluded that a high level of public debt accompanied with consistent growth in that debt is a problem. Why is that going to be a continuing problem? Dr. Stone doesn't seem to think so.    Mr. Tipton. And I appreciate both your and Dr. de Rugy's comments of the hand-in-glove, of spending versus the debt that we have. We need to be able to address both of those.    But Dr. Mitchell, could you maybe tell us what signals we are sending to the market by continually increasing the debt ceiling without engaging in actually having fiscal discipline? What are we telling the markets?    Mr. Tipton. Just to get in, before we run out of time here, as someone who is wanting to be paid back, when you are seeing .07 percent GDP growth in this country, are you starting to get a little concerned that you are going to be paid back?    Mr. Tipton. Thank you, sir.    I yield back.