    Ms. Hahn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member. I think I am always here, too, but I will take the opportunity to ask my questions.    And I have several questions that if I--we need to do a second round, I want to do that, because I have some questions for the Coast Guard. But I wanted to start with Chairman Cordero, because you were really bringing it up about port congestion. And I will tell you. These last contract negotiations between the PMA and the ILWU were really long and arduous, and really had an impact, unfortunately, on so much in this country.    And before I ask you my question, I just want to say it--to me, and to, I think, the rest of the country, what happened was unfortunate, and had nothing to do with the actual negotiations going on in San Francisco. I actually would like to see the Federal Maritime Commission look into some of the unilateral actions by the Pacific Maritime Association, in terms of, you know, not allowing the workers to work in the evenings and on the weekends. I think that was really untenable and unfortunate.    And I would think the Coast Guard would also have--you know, would have had a fit. I can see, from my house, those--at one point there were 35 ships outside of Long Beach/Los Angeles breakwater. The Coast Guard base is right there. You know, that had to cause a lot of extra angst for the Coast Guard. So that would be something I would like to see, a full investigation on how, in 5 years from now, when we go back through these contract negotiations, we don't have that kind of, really, lockdown of our ports on the west coast.    But Honorable Cordero, I am very concerned about the congestion at the ports. As you said, the fact that this contract was agreed to and will be ratified, most likely, does not necessarily change the congestion on the docks. And we got a lot of big problems. Panama Canal expansion project is coming online next year. We are not going to stop that. But what can we do for our ports in this country to really address this congestion?    And I know you talked about it generally in your remarks, but could you be more specific on what is the Commission going to do to address the congestion on the docks, the last mile going in and out of our ports? It is a serious problem that could put us at a huge globally competitive disadvantage.    I said a lot; I hope there was a question in there.    Ms. Hahn. Thank you. I appreciate that. And, again, I hope, as you have identified some of these other issues--for instance, demurrage--I think, you know, I really feel like something fishy was going on at our ports with the PMA not allowing the workers to load and unload the cargo. Meanwhile, charging folks for the storage of the containers on the docks, which weren't able to be loaded and unloaded. So I think there are some real--a lot of questions that we have about some actions that were taken during these contract negotiations, and I hope----    Ms. Hahn . The Commission looks into it.    Ms. Hahn. Thank you. I yield back, and I hope we have a second round of questions.    Ms. Hahn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. This is for the admiral, Admiral Z.    I know you know that this Congress--or not this Congress, but a previous Congress, after 9/11 passed the law that would require 100 percent of scanning for the containers that are coming in and out of our ports. And it is clear, from this administration, that that goal is not even being attempted to be achieved. And, in fact, we have heard from, I think, both Secretaries of Homeland Security that it is just not something that is going to happen. And, instead, the administration has asked for a layered approach to security in and out of our ports.    I think our ports are still one of the most vulnerable entryways into our country. And I think sort of the excuse that it may slow down commerce, and that would be of a bigger detriment to our economy than an attack at one of our ports would be, I disagree with that 100 percent. And, again, interesting that, through these last months of the contract negotiations, we have been told now that it might take 3 months to clear out the backlog of the ships on the west coast ports, which I think is a bigger issue.    I have introduced a bill that would--the SCAN Act--that would authorize two ports in the country to do a pilot program of 100 percent scanning of the containers. I think the technology exists so that it wouldn't slow down commerce. Is that something that you think we ought to at least evaluate, or look into, as a possible long-term policy for this country?    Ms. Hahn. Well, I just was asking you because, of course, Coast Guard oversees our ships coming in and out. And, again, on the west coast you are dealing with other issues, with panga boats, and that is even another layer of security coming in and out of our ports. So I appreciate that.    So we--the Secretary of Homeland Security came out today with a statement that said if Congress was unable to reach agreement on the DHS funding this week, contract negotiations will be delayed to construct the Coast Guard's eighth National Security Cutter, which would lead to higher cost. And I was wondering if you could just elaborate to us, so that, while we are trying to make this decision, what kind of cost would be higher as a result of the DHS funding lapsing?    Ms. Hahn. And I also--I understand that a lapse in the funding will impact your 225-foot buoy tender ships. And these ships, of course, are crucial to protecting vessels on our coastline, recovering spilled oil. What does a lapse in maintenance of these ships--what does that mean?    Ms. Hahn. Thank you. I yield back.