    Mr. Saradzhyan. Mr. Chairman and distinguished members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to participate in what I believe is a very important event.    I will present my view on prospects for U.S.-Russian cooperation in countering terrorism, and I will start with an observation made by Winston Churchill, who is often quoted saying that Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma. Fewer, though, remember the remainder of that saying, which is that perhaps there is a key, and that key is Russia's national interest when it comes to discerning Russian actions.    There is no strategic document, Russian strategic document or statement that would offer a hierarchy of vital national interests, but I have taken liberty to distill some of the statements to build such a hierarchy in the statement that you have. Of these interests, at least three of seven vital national interests to Russia, at least three are affected by the political violence in the Middle East. And of these three interests, which are prevent insurgencies in Russia, in areas adjacent to Russia; prevent large-scale terrorist attacks on Russia and its allies; and prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, particularly nuclear weapons, to countries and also nonstate actors, at least two of those interests converge with U.S. vital national interests as formulated by the Commission on America's National Interests in 2000 and subsequent projects.    So, therefore, both countries share an interest in ensuring that the dual threat that emanates from the Middle East insurgency there is contained, and that comes to countering the rise of ISIS, continuing to dismantle or keep al-Qaeda on the run, as well as denying these and other terrorist organizations any access to weapons of mass destruction, and particularly to nuclear weapons.    I should note that, even though there are 30,000 recruits, reportedly, from foreign countries in ISIL and at least 4,500 of them are estimated to have come from the West, Russia and its allies are more exposed to the threat posed by ISIS, if only because of the proximity. And, as Dr. Aron has pointed out, there are various estimates.    The latest estimates have come from the Federal Security Service, and it is that 2,400 Russian nationals are in ISIS, and about 3,000 nationals of Central Asian republics are also in ISIS. That is a potent force.    We shouldn't also discount al-Qaeda's al-Nusrah Front, which has its own unit that consists of natives of Russia's North Caucasus, but also the republics of Central Asia, and that unit counts about 1,500.    So imagine what would happen if all these individuals come home, whether because ISIL prevails or whether because ISIL is defeated, but these individuals are not apprehended or eliminated.    I should note that both organizations, ISIL and al-Qaeda, have maintained ties with the insurgents and terrorist networks in the North Caucasus. This summer saw ISIS establish a vilayat, a sort of province in the North Caucasus; and the Emirate Caucasus, the umbrella terrorist organization, operates in the North Caucasus, has had longstanding ties with al-Qaeda, and its leaders have praised Ayman al-Zawahiri as their leader.    So no surprise that Russian officials, including Foreign Minister Lavrov and Secretary of the Security Council Patrushev, have described ISIS as the main threat to Russia and the main threat to global security, respectively. On the U.S. side, there is less agreement on whether ISIS represents a top threat, but I think the FBI Director has been quoted as saying that it is a top threat to U.S. national security.    So since neither the United States nor Russia can tolerate the further existence of a quasi-state in the form of ISIS in the Middle East, and both countries need to counter al-Qaeda and keep it on the run and reduce its possibilities, I would argue there is definitely ground for potential cooperation.    Now, that is impeded by different approaches toward Syria, although I believe--and Russian officials have said officially--that Russia is not married to Assad. So I think in the longer term there is an opportunity for a transition to a coalition government that would represent Assad's key constituencies--Alawites, Kurds, and also moderate sections of the Syrian opposition.    For now, the U.S.-Russian cooperation can be, though, limited to fighting ISIL in Iraq, and that could include joint operations, which is something U.S. and Russian special forces have done on a very low scale in Afghanistan. It could include providing more arms and more training to the Iraqi Armed Forces and the Kurds fighting ISIL, and it could, of course, include disrupting financing, which is not a counterterrorism tactic per se, but is an important element of countering such organizations.    But even looking beyond that, countering terrorism with force alone would not suffice. So there are certain root causes and contributing factors that I am not going to list, but are in the statement, that both Russia and the United States need to address as they think how to defeat terrorists not only in the Middle East, or containment, but also in their own countries.    Of the deep-rooted and structural causes, I would point out relative socioeconomic deprivation, historical grievances, poor quality of governance, and political instability are factors that facilitate this violence. I would point out the spread of violent ideologies and, primarily, the militant form of Salafia, or so-called ``Wahhabism,'' as Dagestani officials call it.    And finally, the third group of causes, motivational causes I would point out are the abuses of the population. If there is anything that creates grievances, it is the abuses of the population at the hands of authorities.    So let me conclude by saying that cooperation between the United States and Russia against terrorism in general, and ISIS and al-Qaeda in particular, will not only significantly advance international efforts to contain these organizations' expansion within and without Iraq and adjacent countries, but it can also help to stop the slide toward a new Cold War between the West and Russia in the wake of the Ukraine crisis, although these factors are not exactly--there is no avoiding it. I mean, the Ukrainian crisis will have to be resolved regardless, but that cooperation--let me repeat--will help to stop the slide toward a new Cold War.    Thank you.    Mr. Saradzhyan. Well, I haven't seen reports of what Russian warplanes have bombed what. My understanding is that Russia's interests in Syria require that Russia has a say in the future of this country. But the notion that Russia would bomb any of Assad's opponents, I think, is mistaken. Russia has hosted negotiations between some members of the Syrian opposition and Syrian officials. Russia has discussed, according to those opposition members, as cited in the press, potential participation of these opponents in the future government.    So, therefore, I think, as long as Russia's interest in Syria are honored, which is the presence of the Russian Navy in the Tartus, at the Tartus facility, continuing military industrial cooperation with Syria, and ensuring that there's no failed state in Syria, which is the largest concern of Russia, it would be open to accommodating a potential transition to a coalition government in the long run. Again, I haven't seen what they have bombed.    Mr. Saradzhyan. That would take into account--it is not black and white--that would take into account Russia's interests, which include ensuring stability of Syria so that it doesn't become a failed state and, therefore, does not become a haven for terrorist groups that would then attack Russia and its allies, ensuring that Russia's naval presence remains in Syria, as it has been, and ensuring that Russia continues to trade with Syria in goods that let Russia diversify its economy, which is mostly about oil and gas. Syria is a major buyer of Russian machinery, including arms.    So as long as those interests are honored, Russia will remain open to the real dialogue, and the notion that it would bomb any of Assad's opponents, I think, is mistaken. If you read what the spokesperson for the Foreign Ministry said, Maria Zakharova, she said openly what has been said privately by Russian officials for a long time, that Russia is not married to the idea of keeping Assad necessarily in power.    Mr. Saradzhyan. Well, I agree. And as I said in my recent statement, the primary threat that emanates from that area is not whether Assad stays for a bit longer or is ousted now. It is whether this threat of violent jihadists can be contained and eliminated.    Mr. Saradzhyan. I think whoever does anything, if it focuses on violent extremists and violent Islamists in Syria and Iraq, whoever goes after them, it is in the interests of the United States and it doesn't pose a threat, just like it is in the interests of Russia.    Mr. Saradzhyan. I would like to reiterate that U.S. and Russia share common interests in countering terrorism and proliferation threats that emanate from Syria and Iraq, meaning terrorist groups based there. And I think regardless of disagreements on the future of Assad, both countries can and should work together to counter that threat, which is much more threatening, much more superior than intricacies of transition in Syria.    Thank you.