    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Madam Chair.    This is a terrible dilemma because I have two hearings at once. So I apologize if some of the things that I may ask may sound redundant. And let me echo my colleague Mr. Stewart's comments. This is my first committee hearing on foreign operations, and I look forward to our robust dialogue.    And thank you for your leadership, Madam Chair, and our ranking member, Ms. Lowey.    Ambassador Browning, first of all, let me thank you all for your commitment and your intense passion on getting this right. I am from Nebraska. As you know, Nebraska has played a--I think it is safe to say--critical role in meeting the demands of treatment and trying to convey best practices to try to halt and stop the disease as well as treat those who have been impacted. So not only, obviously, do we have an interest, deep interest, in this for the sake of the proper humanitarian reasons you pointed out and international stability, but it also affects us right at home. In that regard, the initial reports, which were just a few months ago, were dire and ominous. And we were talking about the good news of slowing the exponential growth rate, the good news being we have had a what seems to me to be a complete turnaround from that perspective in spite of the tragedy of nearly 10,000 lives being lost.    What is the single biggest factor that resulted in this turnaround that you can point to? Now a lot of things have converged here, and you have talked about the infrastructure brought to bear, the leadership of the United States, the basic improvements in sanitation, changes in cultural practices, and I see all that. But, obviously, none of this was predictable, I would say, 3 months ago. Can you answer that briefly? And I want to go to a couple of other things.    Ambassador Browning. I don't know. So many factors.    Mr. Fortenberry. How refreshing.    Ambassador Browning. I say it quite often. I think it is hard to identify one factor that stands far and above the others. It is just hard to separate them, but perhaps Jeremy can do that.    Mr. Fortenberry. I think we obviously need to lift from this so that we don't give ominous portents if something breaks in the future because we have an experience now of best practices and obviously some template that could be scaleable quickly based upon our learning of the last few months.    Mr. Fortenberry. Let me pivot to one other of my questions right quick regarding social mobilization. Would you define that further, please?    Mr. Fortenberry. So let's take the case in Liberia. Because of the intensity of the impact--and I have been to Liberia before, but I have not been during this particular period--because of the intensity, there was not only an awareness of the need to change certain cultural practices or habits, that was almost instantaneously implemented because it became a narrative of an entire country. I assume that is what you are saying. Is that what you mean?    Mr. Fortenberry. I am sorry. I am going to interrupt you. I have a minute and a half, and I want to get a few other things on the table. I think Congressman Stewart rightfully points out that we have been willing as a Congress to assist you in a robust effort here, but to be prudent with the dollars, particularly as this has declined, is essential. In that regard, though, back to our Ranking Member Lowey's question, the line of authority here or the hierarchy of response mechanisms, would in my mind point to international organizations as a first responder, the WHO. You pointed out the problems there, getting caught off guard or not having capacity or whatever internal weakness led to them not being able to be in the lead. But, again, once again, the United States is put in the lead by, both by choice and default, in an international crisis situation.    We have got to, as you rightfully pointed out, impress upon the international community their responsibility to partner here, even when we are leading. Now, you talked about $800 million committed by other countries. Has that been delivered, and if that has been delivered, will that offset our costs?    Ambassador Browning. That supplements our contributions. This was the round that President Obama, Secretary Kerry, National Security Advisor Rice, picked up the phone. They called England. They called the Netherlands. They said, Can you give us some money?    Mr. Fortenberry. This is the new way of doing business.    Ambassador Browning. Right.    Mr. Fortenberry. I want to impress that upon you. It is the 21st Century model for international stability. We can lead. We have a large capacity to do so, and many other countries depend upon us. But we will not do this alone as other people simply either are unwilling to sacrifice or have been empowered to simply hide behind us and other countries. But I do think, again, in urging or demanding the WHO bring about certain reforms that would put them in more of a leadership position, which is the natural place to look first, I think is a prudent, long-term strategy policy here. Do you agree with that? I am sorry. I am out of time.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Secretary, welcome.    I want to share with you a story and return to the Middle East. In 1979, when I was a young colleague student, I lived for a time in Egypt, and it was the year of the peace accords between Israel and Egypt, and there was a celebratory atmosphere of this newfound relationship with America.    But I lived for a time in a remote oasis area with farmers in the western desert. And one of the farmers, their English was very limited, so you did the best you could, but one of the farmers wanted to show me something. And he took me to one of his neighbors, and he grabbed his neighbor's hand, and he took his wrist and he bowed and placed his neighbor's wrist right on his face. His neighbor was a Coptic Christian and he was a Muslim, and his neighbor had the tattoo of Christianity, which is common among Copts, on his wrist. He was trying to tell me a couple of things. One, that they were brothers, that they were friends, and also that I was welcome there in that village.    This story is very hard to reconcile with what is happening today, particularly with the emergence of ISIL and this 8th century barbarism with 21st century weapons that is not only assaulting life, but it is assaulting this sacred space of human dignity, this right, this value of being able to hold reasonably held beliefs and exercise them in religious tradition.    So once ISIL is hopefully contained, degraded, and eliminated, we still live with the difficult problem of assuring a religious pluralism and that the ancient peoples who have been there, who have every much right to be there as anyone else, Christians, Yazidis, other religious minorities, as well as innocent Muslim people who are being victimized by this, a new day should shine forth whereby this right of conscience and religious freedom should be respected.    In this regard, in the State Department, I have a suggestion and a plea for you. You have an Ambassador for International Religious Freedom, but I understand that his role is not as perhaps robust as it could be in reporting directly to you. This assault by ISIL is not only an assault on human dignity and life, it is an assault on civilization itself. So, again, once it is contained, this ideal of bringing forth a new and robust understanding of protecting the rights and dignities of all persons, no matter their religious faith. Middle Eastern Christianity is shattered and someone is going to have to pick up the pieces here.    If we have time, I would like to turn to the question of how the Kurds can help in this regard because they have been doing a very significant heavily lift in protecting that population, as well as the Yazidis. But if you would care to comment on the Ambassador for Religious Freedom and the position that they have in the State Department.    Mr. Fortenberry. Well, I agree. I hear you saying, I am interpreting your words, is that you have elevated and intensified the positioning of this Ambassador within the dynamics of the Department. And I think he, as well as whoever comes along, needs to have a seat at the table as the rebuilding begins in the Middle East so that not only stability takes place, but the very basis for that stability of respect for human dignity and rights as expressed in religious freedom is right there next to everything else, defense considerations, economic considerations, human dignity considerations.    Mr. Fortenberry. Yes.    Mr.  Fortenberry. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr.  Fortenberry. I will stop.    Mr.  Fortenberry. Yes.    Mr.  Fortenberry. I just needed to get this on the record.    Mr.  Fortenberry. But you had a wonderful experience in Nebraska, and I am glad you did, and so you are always welcome back home, so to speak.    Mr.  Fortenberry. I enjoyed your initial presentation where you talked about your own background as a soldier, having spent time as well as a private sector manager. Now you are in a new fight, a new type of fight, fighting poverty, fighting for values, fighting really for, frankly, international stability and the future of civilization.    In regards to why we do this, why we spend a little bit of taxpayer money in this area, it is sometimes a hard question to ask, constituents ask it, because seemingly there is such little gratitude for what America does around the world.    I try to answer it like this: That it is very hard for Americans to sit idly by while other people just die. That is not who we are. Secondly, we benefit from this exchange that takes place, both economically, as well as culturally. And third is, smart development is actually inextricably intertwined with international stability and that creates the conditions for our own national security. The military tells me, send us in last, do everything you can to promote smart diplomacy, smart development, and smart security outcomes.''    So your work is very important, and I like the enthusiasm that you are bringing to it and, frankly, the commitment to answering that hard question that the taxpayer deserves--why are we doing this?--and to holding the Agency accountable in a transparent way to the necessity to be effective and efficient. And I assume you are going to carry on the good work of Ambassador Shah in trying to develop the metrics that actually show that.    In this regard, I have two questions. One is, to focus on the Middle East, there is a dire humanitarian crisis in Iraq and through many areas of the Middle East flowing from the ruthless persecution of Christians, Yazidis, innocent Muslims, as well as other minority faith traditions. Many people are crying out for help, help to be able to defend themselves, as well as help for the displaced population.    So it is a heavy lift. This is not fully your job, but it is a heavy lift. And I understand that your partners, USAID partners have been able to reach some internally displaced people, but it is a significant minority.    Also, the other problem is that it is my understanding the people that you tend to be reaching are the ones housed in refugee camps, defined areas, versus other refugees flowing into other countries that still do need assistance but maybe aren't concentrated in one place.    The second question I have goes to what our Chairwoman Granger raised regarding potential new partnerships with our own universities in the area of higher education, but also in the innovative and smart program of USAID, Feed the Future. Suddenly, development aid, as it exists through new innovative sustainable agricultural practices, has become cool. And I never thought agricultural policy would be cool, having been studying it myself years ago. But nonetheless to tap into the energy of the next generation and to further consolidate our efforts at partnerships with the universities who have complementary resources I think would be a good outcome for the efficiency goals that you have outlined.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Mr. Secretary, thank you for being here today. I want to return to the discussion--which you probably already have. I missed the balance of the hearing--but on the IMF. You are a proponent of us embracing this reform package. Could you gives your rationale, please?    Mr. Fortenberry. Even though we don't have any heightened direct fiscal impact from it, do we have heightened risk from additional obligations?    Mr. Fortenberry. As a lender of last resort, though, what is your perspective on the IMF power to interact with rogue or to stop, rogue fiscal policies that could undermine the very substantive change that need to take place in order to stop whatever crisis they might be intervening in?    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    And thank you, Madam Chairwoman.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you, Madam Chair.    When you get a little older and you start to look back at your life, you think about formative moments that penetrated your conscience. And one of those for me was the killing of the four nuns and laywomen in 1981, as you all recall. I met the parents of one of the laywomen missionaries--her name was Jean--at an event in Georgetown when I was a young student, and I wanted to say something to them, but I couldn't even get out the words.    And so, when you look back as to where we were a few decades ago and where we have the potential to be, I think it does create some hope.    Now, with that said, having been in El Salvador fairly recently, and having sat next to, in their Congress, physically sat in their Congress, next to a woman who is former--landed gentry, if you would put it that way, and a woman who was a former communist guerilla, and watching them interact, work toward solutions from different perspectives philosophically, again, is very encouraging.    But you do get the sense that, because of the wounds in El Salvador, their ability to look this way, there is a hesitancy, although they look at places like Cuba and Venezuela and say, ``No, thanks. Those models aren't the right fit either.'' So, again, another possibility for some hope.    Guatemala has a longer stabilized relationship with us, and, to a degree, Honduras. But with the highest murder rates in the world in Honduras, with incapacity throughout that entire triangle, it becomes an important component, I agree completely, of our own immigration policy to try to work where the origins of the problem are.    Now, I thought that the bigger request here was going to focus primarily on that security component, border security component, and mutual security efforts to stop the migration and to fulfill what our chairwoman quoted last year, the First Lady of Honduras' desires, when she said, ``We want our children back.''    Now, I hear what you are saying in terms of some additional complexities in our own immigration law once children have arrived here. But I thought that the greater component of this, while not in any way diminishing your long-term perspective on poverty fighting, capacity enhancement--encouraging this current good trajectory of enhanced governance is all important and good--I thought the firm resolve was on that first piece because of the nature of the problem. One of you said it is the gateway now through which we are looking at all of the other issues, this surge-of-children problem.    So can you address that? Because it seems to be packaged as a priority rather than an immediate priority, to try to stop this flow and protect these children.    Mr. Fortenberry. Okay. Let me interject right quick, because I know my time is up. Are we going to mitigate or stop the surge of children? A new surge has just started.    Mr. Fortenberry. In the short term.    Mr. Fortenberry. And I am not disparaging the fullness of the plan. Please understand. But we have an emergency situation here, and this is a critical moment.    Mr. Fortenberry. Correct.    Mr. Fortenberry. Which, in the midst of this, I touted, by the way.    Mr. Fortenberry. And I think it would be very helpful, as you all are talking about this, to pull some of those threads out and highlight them, because it is the crisis at the moment----    Mr. Fortenberry . While we think long term, strategically, on the underlying parts of the crisis.    Mr. Fortenberry. Thank you.