    Mr. Brisini. Good morning. I would like to thank the chair and the committee for holding this hearing on the SENSE Act.    My name is Vince Brisini and I am the director of environmental affairs for Olympus Power. Today, I am testifying on behalf of ARIPPA, the trade association of the coal refuse-to-energy industry.    ARIPPA members' facilities remove and convert coal refuse from historic mining activities into environmentally beneficial electricity. In fact, our electricity is recognized in the Pennsylvania Alternative Energy Portfolio Standards Act. Coal refuse is a material that has been left behind by historic coal mining activities. This includes the mining and the processes which separated the coal from rock and other carbonaceous material. The picture on the screen shows a coal refuse pile on the left and on the right the mine acid drainage that can emanate from these piles. If you look at the coal refuse pile picture you can see the mine acid drainage-polluted stream on the right and at the bottom of the coal refuse pile. The pink areas on the pile are evidence that this pile has previously burned. Where I come from, that material is called red dog.    The next likely question is how much coal refuse is out there. No one really knows. But it is estimated to be about 2 billion cubic yards in Pennsylvania alone and that is split about evenly between the bituminous region in the western part of the state and the anthracite region in the eastern part of the state. This map shows the abandoned mine lands and the location of the coal refuse-to-energy plants in Pennsylvania. It also shows the watersheds impacted by mining-affected lands including coal refuse piles.    Everyone downstream of mining-affected lands is impacted by the surface water pollution from these areas. The coal refuse-to-energy process consists of three basic steps. The coal refuse is screened and removed from the site and then hauled to the coal refuse-to-energy plant. The coal refuse is then burned with limestone in a fluidized bed combuster boiler to make steam to produce electricity and that results in ash that meets the criteria for beneficial use in Pennsylvania and that ash is returned to the mining-affected lands and used to remediate and reclaim those areas.    The coal refuse-to-energy process is the only process that permanently addresses the problems associated with coal refuse. Some key industry metrics in Pennsylvania are 1,500 megawatts of electric generating capacity, 11 million tons of coal refuse removed annually for fuel, over 205 million tons of coal refuse used so far for fuel, thousands of acres of land remediated and reclaimed, hundreds of miles of streams improved by elimination of acid mine drainage, 1,200 direct jobs with a payroll in excess of $84 million per year, 4,000 indirect jobs for project management, engineering, operations, transportation, logistics and skilled trades, property tax revenues to support local schools and communities and over $10 million per year of business per facility into their local economy--collectively, $150 million per year into Pennsylvania's economy. The regulatory issues being addressed by the SENSE Act are the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule and the Mercury and Air Toxic Standards.    While ARIPPA has engaged in both verbal and written communications with EPA regarding the issues associated with coal refuse-fired boilers, EPA has failed to recognize the technical differences between coal-fired and coal-fired refuse boilers and the unique multimedia benefits the coal refuse-fired boilers provide to Pennsylvania. The SENSE Act, on the other hand, provides for very targeted appropriate achievable emission control requirements for certain of these units. Specifically, under the cross-state air pollution rule the SENSE Act continues phase one sulfur dioxide allowance allocations to existing bituminous coal refuse-fired units only. But it preserves EPA's sulfur dioxide emissions budget by reallocating a percentage of allowances from retired units in two plants that were converted from coal to natural gas. However, it does not allow the transfer of these sulfur dioxide allowances to other units and upon retirement any banked sulfur dioxide allowances allocated under the SENSE Act must be surrendered.These caveats prevent an economic windfall to these bituminous coal refuse-fired units and most likely they result in less sulfur dioxide being emitted into the environment.    In the case of the Mercury and Air Toxic Standards, the SENSE Act adds an additional performance-based standard of 93 percent sulfur dioxide removal to the current acid gas standards for demonstration of compliance. This again provides for the necessary relief for the continued operation of the bituminous coal refuse-fired plants.    The SENSE Act is a reasonable and targeted effort to address the errors that EPA has made in CSAPR and MATS and is very important to ensuring that these coal refuse-fired facilities remain able to conduct their business of reclaiming and recovering these mining-affected lands and providing high quality family-sustaining jobs in the communities in which these facilities are located.    ARIPPA would like to thank Rep. Rothfus and we urge you to support the SENSE Act and its passage in this session of the U.S. House of Representatives.    Mr. Brisini. Yes. In fact, those discussions occurred. There were meetings on February 29th, 2012, May 30th, 2012, March 19th, 2013, May 7th, 2013, November 5th, 2013 and----    Mr. Brisini. Not at this point, no. We don't believe----    Mr. Brisini. I would love to, thank you.    Let's talk about MACT. What MACT did in that regulation EPA lumped two groups. They said you're coal or you're lignite. There was no differentiation between coal refuse and I believe they kept coal refuse because of the exact reason Mr. Walke mentioned.    We are extremely low emitters of mercury. So they need to lump them in to the larger group so they can force the lowest mercury limit on the coal-fired plants. Also, we are extremely low emitters of particulate matter. They use a nonmetal mercury particulate alternative standard. Again, we helped set the bar lower for the other plants. But once we got drug in to allow that to happen, at that point we have HCL.    I do not agree with what he said around these plants being able to meet hydrochloric acid. There are actually two bituminous plants that can meet the hydrochloric acid. No other plants, whether they are bituminous coal refuse or anthracite coal refuse, they don't do it.    One is the last plant built in 2004 and there is a particularly unique sulfur dioxide control system which as a co-benefit happens to control hydrochloric acid. The other unit happens to burn coal refuse that doesn't have chlorine. In fact, to control mercury at that plant you need a halogen, be it chlorine. They use bromine and that is how they are able to capture the mercury because you can't capture mercury unless it's oxidized. You can't oxidize the mercury unless there's a halogen present.    Now, as far as the authority to exempt or I can do a surgical reallocation tomorrow, no, they can't. This is a FIP. This is a federal implementation plan, and to change that federal implementation plan you need a new state implementation plan.    EPA has up to 18 months to respond to a federal implementation plan change. So the idea that I can come in there and fix this tomorrow is not true and I will say it that bluntly.    Now, as far as increasing emissions and having emissions increased, no. We preserve the budget but we don't take anything away from an operating unit. There are a considerable number of units that have been retired in both Pennsylvania and in West Virginia that these are the source of the allowances. We do not increase the cap developed by EPA for Pennsylvania for SO<INF>2</INF>. We simply say let's reallocate from the retired units. So units that are sitting there with this stuff that no longer provide jobs, no longer provide tax base, no longer provide the things that they previously provided. But we don't say take them all away.    In Pennsylvania, the reallocation split would be 65 to 35. In West Virginia, they would retain 86 percent of the allowances and the bituminous refuse plants would get 14 percent of the allowances. So there's a fundamental issue. Now, as far as the--there are some plants that are meeting the alternative sulfur dioxide standard. Yes, that is true. They are the anthracite plants. They have low sulfur coal refuse.    Mr. Brisini. The circumstance you have is that there is one bituminous plant that meets the HCL. They cannot meet--because they are a bituminous plant they can meet the HCL but they cannot meet the current alternate SO<INF>2</INF> limit. The other plants that can meet the alternate SO<INF>2</INF> limit are anthracite refuse plants in the eastern part of the state but they don't meet the hydrochloric acid limit either. Only one other plant does and there is not chlorine in the coal refuse that they burn.    Mr. Brisini. I suppose that there would be a way. But we looked at a number of things to try to do that including the ejection of additional limestone. But it ultimately ends up in increasing of mass emissions. And something else that happens is that there is varied sulfur content in the coal refuse piles in the bituminous region that can get even higher. To simply pick a number and not look at a performance-based standard for removal would eliminate the opportunity to pursue the highest sulfur coal refuse piles to reclaim them and they probably have the highest level of acidic discharge with the greatest negative effect on a waterway.    Mr. Brisini. Not really, no. Not from the standpoint of entering a different fuel. You can't start burning--number one, there is limitations by virtue of financing and other issues that these coal plants are obligated to burn at least 75 percent coal refuse. There is also--as you go through there is chlorine in the coal that's also burned. But there is--you can't dilute it. Plus, you are also limited into the calorific value that can go into a fluidized bed combuster. For example, the most recent one built, and as they build them they build them to be able to burn lower and lower quality coal refuse, the older ones that were built require--they burned or designed to burn about 6,800 BTUs per pound for their heat input for their fuel. The most recent one built is at 5,500 and coal is generally 12,000 to 13,000 BTUs.    Mr. Brisini. The coal refuse plants are located in small communities. They are extremely important to the small communities. In the case of the three bituminous coal refuse plants that are near where I live in Edensburg, it is the county seat of Cambria County. It is less than 4,000 people population.    Mr. Brisini. I can explain. I can explain, and it gets back to the point I made about how they did MACT. When EPA did MACT they did not----    Mr. Brisini. Yes, sure. They did not establish separate categories for coal refuse or different types of coal, anthracite coal or bituminous coal. They turned it into two categories--lignite, everybody else.    So the point that was being made is to appropriately address and prepare appropriate standards for the coal refuse plants you should look at the emissions that are achieved by the coal refuse plants. That's how you do a MACT regulation. You look at the top 12 percent of the performing existing facilities and you pick from those numbers. That's exactly why they put them together though because they wanted the mercury number to be as low as possible.    Mr. Brisini. Well, we have tried to investigate the beach grass claim and what they did, and I have only ever been able to find an overview of the study--I have never found the study, I have never found background information on the particular pile they wanted to introduce the beach grass to. The fundamental premise of that study is they want to introduce beach grass and it will grow for a period of time and then they will start to repopulate and then other native species will overtake the refuse pile. We don't believe that that addresses the issue because it doesn't address percolation, surface runoff and it doesn't prevent future fires from occurring within the piles because a coal refuse fire does not start on the top by somebody throwing a match on it. It starts from the inside. In my written testimony, I provided a coal refuse white paper that discusses refuse fires and those sorts of things. But no, we do not believe beach grass is any solution.    I kind of look at it as, if somebody's coming and you want to clean up the house so you throw the stuff in the closet.    Mr. Brisini. I sure do. Thank you very much.    I find it really interesting that we keep hearing this--well, this SENSE Act picks winners and losers when in fact the federal implementation plan picked the winners and losers and they happened to pick in CSAPR the bituminous coal-fired refuse plants to be the losers in the CSAPR phase two allocation.    And they also picked the bituminous coal-fired refuse plants to be the loser in MATS because, as I have said all along, the anthracite refuse plants can meet the alternative 0.2 standard.    That is because the sulfur content of the coal refuse in the anthracite region is lower. It is not because the technology is different or they have anything special and it is part of the problem when you lump all of these things together not recognizing the technical and the differences in these kinds of fuels.    Mr. Brisini. Now, as far as the idea that they are usurping states' rights I find that interesting because the federal government just did that in the FIP.    If you go on to read the Pennsylvania DEP comments, you will often find in the comments what happened to cooperative federalism and that is really one of the arguments you have then.    Mr. Brisini. The alternative option is to identify a performance standard 93 percent sulfur dioxide removal and add that as an option to provide for a compliance demonstration.    That would only be used by the bituminous coal refuse fired plants. People keep talking as though we are talking about all of the coal refuse plants.    The SENSE Act really provides relief for bituminous coal refuse plants. Because of the fuel makeup, the anthracite, they can meet the current alternative SO<INF>2</INF> standard. As far as the statement that was made that everybody meets HCL, that is not in fact true at all.    In Pennsylvania, there is one coal refuse plant of either type, bituminous or anthracite, that meets the HCL. The circumstance is that that plant is a low emitter and that one plant was used in the development of the MACT floor.    But that's one plant. That's an outlier. It was the last plant built, came online in 2004. There are vast differences between coal and coal refuse plants. It's not only the fuel. It is the technology used to burn the fuel to make the material.    Large coal-fired power plants or pulverized coal-fired power plants, they can be equipped with selective catalytic reduction for nitrogen oxides. They can be equipped with wet flue gas scrubbers in a cost effective fashion.    That is, by the way, how the large coal-fired plants will control mercury. They will not be doing it with any mercury-specific control technology. The mercury will be removed as a co-benefit of the sulfur dioxide controlled in the coal-fired power plants.    But as far as another statement that the state gets a first crack, that is not the case in CSAPR. It's been a FIP from day one, and in fact if you go back and you look at other Department of Environmental Protection letters from Pennsylvania DEP there was great consternation raised over the FIP first because the states were not given the opportunity in CSAPR to do anything.    It was not similar to CARE where a budget was established and the states had the opportunity to develop their own allocation methodologies, which is what we did in Pennsylvania and other states did the same thing.    Mr. Brisini. The regulated, not the regulators. The regulated.    Mr. Brisini. Well, this is very, very important. You can look at this and say what is--technically if you had all the money you wanted and all the money you needed and you had all the opportunity for design engineering could you design a technology to take out the difference.    Yes, you probably could but nobody would be in business anymore, especially in Pennsylvania where we operate as competitive wholesale generators. We are not rate based.    We are competitive companies no different than any other competitive company. We have to recover our costs from the PJM wholesale electric market.    If you were to attempt to build a scrubber, and I do know what scrubbers cost because I have put them on coal-fired power plants and I have put them on big plants and I know that they don't go on little plants because the plants I used to take care of in many cases are now retired because they can't afford to put it and they are considerably larger than these plants.    In the case of a large coal-fired facility that I used to take care of as the environmental air quality manager it was a 1,700 megawatt facility. The scrubbers cost $675 million.    You go to these small plants, and if you look at a dollar per ton you were starting with no control essentially of sulfur dioxide.    Now you look at these plants. These plants are actually controlled and they are controlled to 93 percent. The scrubber gets to 98 percent. So you are looking at this little difference of 5 percent.    So if you look at a dollar per ton basis, all of a sudden you stick a $100 million dollar scrubber to get 5 percent more when in fact you have allowances going to retired units which are only going to sell them in the market so somebody can emit them, this is a net wash.    All of this upwind downwind discussion is not an accurate reflection. This is about preserving the budget established by EPA. It is about having a pragmatic solution that works.    It is about making it so everybody can be OK. But somebody can't be OK because they want everything the way they want and there is a way to get to the right solution.