    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Let me comment before my time starts on how pleased I am to hear those remarks from my Chairman. And I really agree with him, and that's extraordinary.    Let me say good morning to everyone and to acknowledge that I have a student here with me today, Adia Moss, who is a senior at Spelman, and hasten to say that I appreciate the long and distinguished service to our nation and your steady leadership of NASA, General Bolden. We know that this is a challenging and exciting time in the agency's history. I know how passionately you care about the nation's space and aeronautics program, and I look forward to hearing your testimony today.    Today's hearing marks the beginning of the Committee's consideration of the President's fiscal year 2017 NASA budget request. The $19 billion budget request is a strong endorsement by the President of the important role that NASA plays. We send budgets out of here with a lot less, and then we complain about what the President is doing, which is, to them, a lot less.    This is not to say that this is perfect for a NASA budget request, but I do agree with all the elements of it. It is a good starting point. It is Congress's deliberations. It is our responsibility to send what we feel is a responsible budget because it is what our focus should be today, what we want NASA to accomplish, and what we are willing to invest in NASA to do it so that we can achieve those objectives.    It may be tempting for some of us to spend our time criticizing the President for what they consider shortcomings in his budget request, but I think it's not a good use of anybody's time. The President has submitted his NASA budget request to Congress. It is now our job to determine the funding that NASA will receive and the policies it will follow. If we fail to do that, we will have no one to blame but ourselves.    That said, there is much to recommend in this NASA budget request. For example, I'm excited by the aeronautics initiative. I know the important role that aviation plays in our economy and our society, and NASA's R&D has long provided the underpinnings of new capabilities in aviation. I'm also pleased by the investments made in NASA's science and technology activities. History shows us that these investments will pay dividends in increased knowledge and new technological capabilities.    On the other hand, I'm disappointed that the funding for the Space Launch System and the Orion spacecraft, the systems that are essential elements of the nation's future human exploration initiatives, have been cut in this budget request. We can change that if we wish. Such cuts add just one more challenge to those already facing the team of dedicated men and women who are working so hard to turn these exploration goals into reality. I would anticipate that Congress will reaffirm its support for SLS and the Orion by the time this year's funding deliberations are complete.    Which brings me to one final observation, namely, we will have a new President by this time next year. I know that there are those in NASA who feel the pressure to accomplish as much as possible on the new exploration systems before a new Administrator takes power. That's understandable. But it can wind up doing more harm than good. In its latest report, the Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel has raised concerns that perceived schedule pressure, whether external or self-imposed, can lead to excessive levels of risk being taken on in order to try to meet arbitrary deadlines. That's not the path to a sustainable or a successful program.    I hope that NASA management and workers will heed the ASAP's concern and not defer needed testing or make overly optimistic commitments in a shortsighted attempt to keep those programs alive in advance of a new Presidential Administration taking power. To all those NASA and contract employees, I would simply say, Congress supports SLS and Orion and commercial crew, and we will continue to do so no matter what we say here to make the news or the record. We will do this in spite of a new President taking office. We know that what we do actually is rocket science. So take time and the testing needed to do it right.    With that, Administrator Bolden, I again want to welcome you. I look forward to your testimony. And I yield back.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you very much.    General Bolden, the New Aviation Horizons project is certainly an exciting initiative, and this is a decade-long initiative based on funding offsets that are part of the Administration's 21st century ``clean transportation'' plan. What are the potential benefits of the X-plane flight demonstrations included in the plan?    Hon. Bolden. Well, there are four demonstrations--demonstrators that we have, you know, right now that we would really like to do. The one that we're attacking first is the low-boom supersonic demonstrator. And people ask why that one first, and it's because industry is poised to help us design and build a low-boom supersonic demonstrator. It's going to increase their ability to compete around the world in supersonic transport.    And we've been working on this for number of years now, and there are a number of companies like Lockheed, Boeing, Gulfstream that have plans on the drawing board, and they just need a demonstrator to help us change--get the FAA to change the regulations prohibiting supersonic flight over ground.    The other one is Hybrid Wing Body. The Department of Defense is very interested--not just civilian aviation but the Department of Defense in terms of transport, cargo transport. Hybrid Wing Body changes the efficiency of an airplane, increases our fuel efficiency, gives them longer range, so that's a second thing that's going to have an economic and strategic impact for the nation.    And then finally, hybrid electric systems where we actually sometimes you mix electric engines with regular turbine engine and other times you just use electric engines. We've been collaborating with our partners in the German space agency because they are also--they were out in front of us, and so this initiative will allow us to kind of catch up with them and assume some of the leadership in looking at hybrid electric systems.    Ms. Johnson. What are the implications of not sustaining this project over the decade should the funding fluctuate over time?    Hon. Bolden. The bottom-line implication is that the United States will lose its place as the leader in aviation and aeronautics. We're struggling to maintain that right now, and that was one of the driving forces behind aeronautics coming up with a new strategic plan in 2014 with the six strategic thrusts that were a part of that plan. And now, being able to announce with industry, academia, and others about two weeks ago that the President supported this New Aviation Horizons initiative that's going to allow the United States to maintain their leadership.    Aviation accounts for the largest balance of trade item in this country by a long shot, and if we don't get out in front of everybody and do the types of development that will be covered in the New Aviation Horizons, we'll lose that edge.    Ms. Johnson. Does it seem to have the possibility of attracting young people to aeronautics----    Hon. Bolden. No question whatsoever. I go to college campuses today, and it hasn't been that long since we started talking about this initiative. Students who are in--studying aeronautical engineering are--they're ecstatic. They're beside themselves.    I had a special assistant from Langley by the name of Mr. Erik Axdahl, who is a hypersonics specialist. After his 6 months up here with me, he left semi-depressed because he did not hear that the United States was going to invest in hypersonics. He now, you know, is a little bit happier camper because he feels that he has not gone to school and been educated and done stuff because the United States is going to maintain their leadership in hypersonics because of that.    And every one of you, hopefully, has a copy of our little flyer here and it's got information on the back, and we'd be more than happy to come to your district or to your office or anywhere and help you understand some of this. Thanks very much.    Ms. Johnson. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.