    Mr. Newhouse.--surrounding the specialty crops. And you already answered in your first answer my second question that had to do with trade agreements and how that can help, and certainly that puts us in a better position, negotiating those and having a process to deal with the issues. So I appreciate very much again your testimony, and Mr. Chairman, thank you, and I yield back my time.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. LaMalfa, 5 minutes.    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. With the recently-passed farm bill, the effect on U.S. growers and commodities was pretty dramatic with wiping away virtually if not all the direct payments, for good reason, were moving in a poor market direction. But with that becomes what we have seen last year or this current year is that with the insurance program in place, it does a pretty good job on ensuring against yield loss but not so great on upholding a price, especially a lot of it wasn't available in 2015 for many growers. And so what we are looking at is an even greater emphasis on price worldwide and maintaining that. And so earlier testimony--was it you, Dr. Hudson--that five percent of U.S. farm income is derived through subsidies. Were you the one that said that? Okay.    And so when we are looking at numbers that were mentioned earlier, like in China, when rice basically went 100 percent, 71 percent on wheat, 50 percent on corn, those are pretty big, distorting numbers. What percentage of income are you seeing is actually derived outside of those subsidies on Chinese crops or for Brazil for that matter? What percent of farm income is from those subsidies?    Mr. LaMalfa. Versus the United States' round number five percent?    Mr. LaMalfa. And is that even reflecting current farm bill policy, that five percent?    Mr. LaMalfa. A number less than five percent compared to say 60 percent----    Mr. LaMalfa.--as one example.    Dr. Hudson.--a rough estimate of 60.    Mr. LaMalfa. Yes. All right.    Mr. LaMalfa. Anything on that, Mr. Thorn?    Mr. LaMalfa. There you go. Wow. Okay. A couple Members here spoke about rice a little more today as well, and bringing back some of yesterday's testimony on bringing up TPP for example, we are not seeing a whole lot of hope for rice or some of our dairy concerns as well in TPP with having the type of level of trade. For example, I gave the example on rice yesterday. If it is going to be 50,000 tons, you could grow that amongst probably six or seven farmers in California to meet that little tiny new window of TPP for rice. And so we are not going to see a lot of help perhaps unless there are some really good last-minute negotiations to come along on that.    So what are our really good, effective remedies besides complaining at WTO or something? What can we take a little further on dealing with people that are so heavily subsidizing in China, for example, or maybe Brazil or the others that are being pretty hostile towards what we are trying to do? You talked about consumer choice. At what point does consumer choice actually hurt the consumer with less available high-quality crops grown in this country? What do you see as a little stronger hammer? And then please touch on that idea of consumer choice real quickly.    Mr. LaMalfa. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Mr. Moolenaar, 5 minutes.