    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, sir, and thank you for having this meeting. You know, I will be honest with you, there is a few meetings that we have in here that I have to really study hard on because I am not familiar with it. This is, as I would say, in my wheelhouse.    I understand this situation extremely well. And Ms. Noll, I am going to kind of just talk to you for probably the remainder of the time Because of a couple of things that you said, and I just kind of want to set the record straight. One, you said huge savings of these energy efficiency standards that DOE has put out, has put huge savings. That was your words, right? Based on what?    Mr. Mullin. What analysis?    Mr. Mullin. And I mean, are you really looking at bills and prices, because you said huge savings, and then you said up to $500 a year on energy costs. Is that correct?    Mr. Mullin. So in Oklahoma, the average household today, their total energy bill a year is $1,296. So you are saying that because of your savings, you know, that bill would have been $1,796. Is that right?    Mr. Mullin. Yes. But yet if I go back and I look at 2008, the midline--just the midline Whirlpool dishwasher, the average use was about $29 a year is what that unit cost to run. At the same time, the cost of the unit was $375. Today, the same unit is $399, and it costs $32 a month to--or a year to run.    Mr. Mullin. I am just talking about--you said huge savings.    Mr. Mullin. So I am trying to figure out where the huge savings are from because right now, we are just talking about dishwashers. Well, dishwashers, we can see in the last 8 years, have actually went up. They cost more. So that is not a savings. And they cost more to run per year. So just give me an opportunity again, where is huge? If huge would be massive. I mean, I am thinking like big time, that is huge, your word. $500, I guess you could say that is huge, but I don't see it. That is the dishwasher. So I will give you the mic and let you go ahead and try to explain that for me.    Mr. Mullin. No, you say $2 trillion. I am just trying to figure out where the $2 trillion are. DOE comes in here and makes all these outlandish claims all the time, how much they are saving, you know, the mid-level households and all this stuff, and how much energy is down when energy cost is actually up, and then you are in here making claims that the household is saving money, and I am just not seeing it.    If anybody on the panel can help me, let me know because I don't want to make a claim that is not true, and right now I am seeing a claim that is not true. Go ahead, Ms. Miller.    Mr. Mullin. Right.    Mr. Mullin. Let me read you a manual for a startup, for a new dishwasher now. On top of it costing more to run, quote, this is out of the manual, says: ``Run hot water at sink nearest your dishwasher until water is hot. Turn off water. For best dishwasher results, water should be 120 degrees before it enters the dishwasher.''    This is a new standards that we have to have out. So not only does it cost more to run, Ms. Noll, now we are having--we are wasting water, which this is a big issue nowadays. We always talk about water savings, especially let's go to California. Let's talk about California for a second. They are supposed to run--waste hot water and let it run, and this is the manual that comes for dishwashers now that says that.    Refrigerators, let me use refrigerators real quick. Refrigerators in 2008, average Whirlpool refrigerator costs $999. That same unit comparable today is $1,299. Energy cost? Also up. Now, these are two major appliances. We are talking about a refrigerator. We are talking about a dishwasher.    Where are the huge savings? DOE and the argument on all these energy-efficient appliances are always out there talking about huge savings, and American people think it is huge, and yet I gave you two examples of two----    Mr. Rush. Time, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mullin . That it is----    Mr. Mullin. I yield back