    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I believe our Nation's antitrust laws serve an important function in rooting out anti-competitive and discriminatory behavior in the marketplace. I also believe that to be effective, these laws must be administered fairly and consistently.    Today's hearing focuses on the ``Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act,'' or the ``SMARTER Act,'' which makes important reforms to ensure that our antitrust laws are prosecuted in this manner. Specifically, the bill amends the standards and processes applied to proposed transactions so that they are no longer determined by the flip of a coin.    One of the responsibilities of the Judiciary Committee is to ensure that the enforcement of our Nation's antitrust laws is fair, consistent, and predictable. We discharge this responsibility through vigorous oversight of the antitrust enforcement agencies and vigilant supervision of the existing antitrust laws. To assist the Committee in its antitrust oversight, the Antitrust Modernization Commission was formed and charged with conducting a comprehensive examination of the antitrust laws and existing enforcement practices.    Following this review, the AMC issued a 540-page report that detailed the issues it examined and provided a number of recommendations for legislative, administrative, and judicial action. One of the issues the AMC examined was the existing disparities in the standards applied to, and processes used by, the Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission when they seek to prevent the consummation of a proposed transaction.    As the AMC report states, ``Parties to a proposed merger should receive comparable treatment and face similar burdens regardless of whether the FTC or DOJ reviews their merger. A divergence undermines the public's trust that the antitrust agencies will review transactions efficiently and fairly. More important, it creates the impression that the ultimate decision as to whether a merger may proceed depends in substantial part on which agency reviews the transaction.''    The subject of today's hearing, the SMARTER Act, solves the issue highlighted by the AMC. Specifically, the bill eliminates the disparities in the merger review process so that companies face the same standards and processes regardless of whether the FTC or DOJ reviews their proposed transaction.    The SMARTER Act contains two principal reforms to the antitrust laws. First is the harmonization of the preliminary injunction standards that DOJ and the FTC must meet in court. The second reform is the removal of the FTC's ability to pursue administrative litigation following judicial denial of a preliminary injunction request.    The Department of Justice cannot conduct administrative litigation, and it is unfair for some parties to be subject to administrative litigation while others avoid this prospect merely as a result of the identity of the reviewing antitrust enforcement agency. Notably, the removal of the FTC's administrative powers is constructed narrowly and applies solely to the context of merger review cases.    The AMC recommended this removal and went on to state, ``elimination of administrative litigation in HSR Act merger cases will not deprive the FTC of an important enforcement option. Although administrative litigation may provide a valuable avenue to develop antitrust law in general, it appears unlikely to add significant value beyond that developed in Federal court proceedings for injunctive relief in HSR Act merger cases. Whatever the value, it is significantly outweighed by the costs it imposes on merging parties in uncertainty and litigation costs.''    The SMARTER Act is a common-sense, straightforward measure that implements reforms advanced by the bi-partisan members of the AMC. Furthermore, it is an important step to achieving this Committee's goal of ensuring our Nation's antitrust laws are enforced in a manner that is fair, consistent, and predictable.    I look forward to hearing today's testimony from our esteemed panel of witnesses regarding the SMARTER Act, and I yield back the balance of my time.