    Mr. Leghorn. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, on behalf of National Commander Michael Helm and the 2.4 million members of the American Legion, we thank you for this opportunity to testify at this hearing on improving the Transition Assistance Program and veterans' transition in general.    Over the past two years the American Legion has intensely scrutinized the new TAP, observing it in operation across the country. The testimony we present today reflects this scrutiny and provides observations as well as recommendations for improvement. In general we were highly impressed both by the amount and the quality of information that was conveyed, particularly in such a relatively short period of time.    The American Legion has long advocated for the inclusion of VSOs in TAP. VSOs provide important services to transitioning servicemembers and we are pleased to note that during the TAP sessions we observed the attendees were referred to VSOs for claim services by the TAP instructors. We would, however, like to offer some recommendations. The first regards a need to increase emphasis on soft skills, that is behaviors and etiquette that makes an individual employable. The vast majority of personnel leaving the armed services have not had significant experience working in a civilian work setting. We believe that insufficient emphasis is placed on these soft skills during TAP. Further, a five-day course cannot hope to teach behaviors obtained by spending a substantial part of one's adult life in a civilian work place. However, we believe that transitioning servicemembers would benefit if there were more discussions of workplace culture.    The second regards an improvement to the information on education that is provided in TAP. With the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill every transitioning servicemember has access to the opportunity to attend a higher education program, or in some instances transfer the benefit to their dependents. As such we recommend that the educational track incorporate more input from the Department of Education and that the education track of Transition GPS be made mandatory for all transitioning servicemembers.    We believe that part of the solution to veterans unemployment lies in a collaboration between government entities and the private sector. As such the American Legion as responded by bringing Employment Workshops and hiring events to transitioning servicemembers. Our Employment and Empowerment Summit is a two-day event that ends with a job fair. We host this summit in various cities and provide transportation and lodging to servicemembers going through TAP. Servicemembers attending our events have had the chance to learn about various opportunities in fields ranging from the banking industry to the trades and are able to receive some preliminary instruction on the aforementioned soft skills needed to gain and maintain employment. Unfortunately at some locations we are met with resistance from contracted TAP facilitators. Contractually TAP facilitators are evaluated based on a limited scope of performance measures, thus there is a lack of incentive for them to work outside the confines of their own programs. Amending DoD contracts for TAP facilitators to include a section regarding required collaboration with trusted private sector actors would solve this problem fairly easily.    We recognize that one of TAP's main roles is to introduce the employment services available to veterans and to provide a warm handoff to the agencies that administer those programs. However, we have become aware of an issue affecting veterans employment services that are funded by the JVSG and administered through DoL VETS. Last spring DoL issued a directive creating a hard distinction between disabled veteran outreach program representatives and the local veterans employment representatives which are funded by the JVSG grants and are located at DoL job centers across the country. Essentially this disallows DVOPs from seeing non-service disabled veterans even if they have time. DoL's self-imposed restrictions undermine the flexibility required to best serve veterans who are in need of employment services. These restrictions are contrary to the federal statute and have generated negative feedback from the field. The American Legion is adamant that a regulatory or legislative change reinstituting the roles of DVOP and LVERs by DoL would provide a significant improvement to the JVSG program. The American Legion is working with the office of Senator Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania to introduce a bill that would make this change explicit in the statute should DoL fail to make the regulatory change.    Overall the American Legion believes that the new TAP program represents an important step towards providing transitioning servicemembers with the information that they need to become successful. While there exists some shortcomings that require attention the program overall appears to be successful and implementation has been commendable. The American Legion looks forward to continuing our work with the agencies and with Congress to continue to improve this valuable resource for our transitioning servicemembers.    Mr. Leghorn. Mr. Chairman, we had very good feedback from our members that have gone through the TAP program. There is obviously some small tweaking that needs to happen, but for the most part it has been, all the feedback has been positive.    Mr. Leghorn. We talked to the Department of Labor about this in the past. And I believe we were told that they had a, a while back they had a direct calling campaign where they were reaching, actually reaching out to the people that have gone through TAP. And they captured their information and they were following up with them afterwards. So I do not know if that is still happening, but the American Legion was in support of that program.