    Mr. Nadler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In your opening statement, you mentioned reviewing thousands of pages of documents related to these charges. Does the Committee majority have access to the unedited transcripts of interviews conducted by the Oversight Committee?    Mr. Nadler. I am directing my question to the Chairman. Parliamentary inquiry. And please stop the clock. It is a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Nadler. You do not think that the majority has access.    Mr. Nadler. Well, I would request that the minority at least, if the majority wishes, that is your prerogative--that I request the minority have access to these documents.    Mr. Nadler. We are going forward with impeachment hearings that are the purview of this Committee. I think this Committee ought to see all of the relevant evidence. But that is self-evident.    Let me just say before I ask Mr. Koskinen some questions that Mr. Jordan's questions--wasn't this true then, yes; did you know it was true then, no; did you tell the truth then as you knew it, yes--that fact pattern shows nothing about impeachment, obviously. All it shows is that he didn't know at the time he was asked the question. He told the truth as he then knew it.    Mr. Koskinen, Commissioner, thank you for being here.    The Senate Finance Committee, the Department of Justice, and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration have all looked into the accusations against you and each of them has independently concluded there is no evidence to support these charges. Your critics have not made their case, nor do they have the votes to force impeachment on the House floor, and these proceedings are an obvious sham.    But because you are an expert on tax policy, I do think it serves some purpose to shed some light and have you as the IRS commissioner understand some of the work of the IRS.    Is there anything that would prohibit someone from releasing their tax returns if they want to because they are under audit?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you. Now, President Nixon disclosed his tax returns while under IRS audit. Have the rules changed since then?    Mr. Nadler. Can an individual use other people's money, run through a charitable foundation, to enrich himself or satisfy his personal debts or obligations?    Mr. Nadler. Would the following factors affect the tax exemption of a foundation: If an individual used funds from his charitable foundation to purchase a $12,000 football helmet for himself signed by Tim Tebow, if an individual used $20,000 from the foundation to pay for a 6-foot-tall portrait of himself, if an individual used $100,000 of the foundation's money to cover part of a legal settlement after a dispute with a municipal government, or if he used $158,000 to settlement a dispute with a disgruntled participant at a celebrity golf tournament. Were any of those actions using tax-exempt foundation moneys improper, and if so, would they jeopardize the tax exemption of the foundation?    Mr. Nadler. I would like him to answer the question, sir.    Mr. Nadler. That is not a proper parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. Nadler. Obviously. But if those were the facts that I just said, would they be improper?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you.    Commissioner, in your opinion, if a fact pattern like this one were brought to the attention of the IRS and the IRS failed to investigate it, would that be a dereliction of duty or even an impeachable offense?    Mr. Nadler. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Nadler. Thank you.    I have one last question, and that is, at the time you were appointed by the President, why did he ask you to take--to come out of retirement and appoint you to the head of the IRS? What mission--what did he state--what mission did he give you?    Mr. Nadler. Thank you very much. My time has expired.