    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, witnesses, good morning to you all, and thank you for the information that you're providing to us.    One of the things that I really wanted us to focus on is my colleagues here discussed that there is a problem, and everyone is aware that there is a problem. I don't think that you sitting here are the problems. I think that there are processes and directives and issues that have happened within your agencies that create these backlogs that we're talking about, and I'd really like to try and get to the root of what is the reason for this.    We've talked about in some instances, Ms. Pustay, as the Director of the Office of Information Policy, that agencies are receiving more and more FOIA requests, correct? And you highlighted in your testimony that the Federal Government received 714,231 new FOIA requests in fiscal year 2014. Is that correct?    Ms. Plaskett. In the beginning of fiscal year 2009, I understand that there were 557,000.    Ms. Plaskett. That's an increase of 28 percent.    Ms. Plaskett. So that's one variable that becomes a problem for us, which is the increase in the number of FOIA requests.    Ambassador Barr, you spoke as well, and I understand that the Department of State has an increase in over 300 percent of FOIA requests. Is that correct?    Ms. Plaskett. So that's one side of the equation. I think what we haven't really talked about is the other side, which is the amount of resources that you have. And I would have hoped that you all would have brought that to light in some of your testimonies. So I wanted to dig into that a little bit as well.    So in 2009 the Open Government Directive instructed agencies with sizeable FOIA backlogs to try and reduce those by 10 percent. Was that a directive that was given to each one of you?    Ms. Plaskett. Yes?    Ms. Plaskett. Was everyone issued that?    And, Ms. Pustay, you mentioned the government shutdown in your testimony, and you said: ``We roughly estimate that this 3-week period could have resulted in 32,000 more FOIA requests being processed.'' Right?    Ms. Plaskett. What are the resources? Have you increased the resources that you have to address these backlogs?    Ms. Plaskett. So, Ms. Pustay, with that, you're talking about the decreases.    Ms. Plaskett. Your Office of Information Policy during fiscal year 2014, there were 3,838 full-time FOIA staff devoted to the administration of FOIA throughout the government. We understand that that is a 9 percent decrease in the amount of full-time FOIA staff from the year before. Does that figure sound correct?    Ms. Plaskett. Throughout government to handle FOIA requests.    Ms. Plaskett. And how does that impact the processing of these FOIA requests?    Ms. Plaskett. So it's your belief that having additional staff to process these backlogs as well as the additional FOIA requests that come in would be the best way in which to handle these backlogs.    Ms. Plaskett. Ms. Neuman, would you agree that that would help your agency?    Ms. Plaskett. And Secretary Barr, Ambassador Barr, would you say that would assist you as well?    Ms. Plaskett. So are the FOIA requests a priority?    Ms. Plaskett. So what would be the best way to address that priority?    Ms. Plaskett. So then how do you address it? With the technology alone or with staff as well?    Ms. Plaskett. Well, that's what you come to Congress for, is to ask us for those resources. So you have an opportunity here to do that, and I would think that you would avail yourself of that opportunity.    Ms. Plaskett. I yield back my time.    Ms. Plaskett. Of course, Mr. Chairman, always. Well, not always, but in this instance, yes.