    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lombardi, according to your testimony, the Air Force views experiments as campaigns of activities rather than one-off events and focused on specific missions such as close air support and air superiority rather than specific programs of record. In most cases, if experiments are not directly tied to programs of record, my question is, how are they funded?    And as an example, how are you funding the close air support experimentation campaign?    Mr. Bridenstine. Can you help me understand, where does the funding come from?    Mr. Bridenstine. Okay. That is good.    I want to talk specifically about one particular experimentation that has been going on as it relates to space. And that is the Joint Interagency Combined Space Operations Center , which, of course, was stood up with General Hyten and Doug Loverro. And, of course, you know, Deputy Secretary Work, it was his brain child.    And I think what is happening there is critically important for our country. The idea that we can fuse all of these different sensors from the DOD to commercial industry to combined from our joint and coalition partners and other sources--the intelligence community, for example--getting all this information into one area and then experimenting to determine, you know, what are the threats that we face? How do we attribute those threats? How do we ultimately combat those threats?    Could you share with this committee as far as the JICSpOC goes, how important are those experiments, and maybe not exactly what you have learned, but how important is it that we continue doing that?    Mr. Bridenstine. Great. The transition from what we learn in these experiments--and we need to understand kind of what comes out of those experiments, learning from that and then transitioning to an operational capability, which, of course, in many cases is going to require funding that we are going to have to advocate for; I mean, that is critically important.    I have got about 31 seconds left. I want to emphasize that I would like to see the JICSpOC in the President's budget request. I don't know if you can help with that, but those kinds of activities in there would be good.    Finally--I have got 18 seconds left--the DMSP 20, which we heard Chairman Rogers talk about, it is a big challenge. Would you be open to, for military weather purchases, purchasing data from commercial industry rather than purchasing $500 million satellites that ultimately sometimes end up being destroyed?    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    I appreciate you all. I think we have touched on a number of important topics today. I look forward to seeing the President's budget request, but as you can tell, the committee is not going to be content just seeing what comes over. We want to continue to work with each of you on a number of ideas and initiatives that we have to help push the whole system toward more agility.    So, with that, we, again, appreciate you all being here, and the hearing stands adjourned.