    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good to see you both. Kevin, good to see you. Let me do a little housekeeping if I could on one particular issue, Mr. Counihan. You are aware I guess that Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce has issued subpoenas as it relates to I guess the cost-sharing reduction program. Is that correct?    Mr. Meadows. And so have you been instructed to collect materials that are responsive to that subpoena?    Mr. Meadows. You haven't?    Mr. Meadows. So no one has reached out to you? Because that's a real problem.    Mr. Meadows. Again, if that's your sworn testimony--so what you're saying is no one has asked you to collect any documents responsive to a congressional subpoena regarding that program?    Mr. Meadows. But you haven't been instructed? So have you instructed anyone to collect those documents?    Mr. Meadows. So are you aware of anyone who has been instructed to collect those documents?    Mr. Meadows. But you know the point I'm trying to get to. Is somebody collecting those documents or not, Kevin?    Mr. Meadows. So when will we get them--or when will they get them?    Mr. Meadows. But you're saying no one's asked you, and you've instructed no one. Wouldn't you know if someone were instructed? Because you're the head of the--we have had a number of conversations about responses and the lack thereof.    Mr. Meadows. And I guess my question is--you've got a staff behind you.    Mr. Meadows. Are they aware of anybody collecting the documents?    Mr. Meadows. And you can get back to me by when?    Mr. Meadows. I mean, it's not a hard question. You got a subpoena. I'm sure when the subpoena came in, somebody said, ``Oh, my gosh, we got a subpoena,'' because we don't issue subpoenas just willy-nilly. We only issue subpoenas after you don't respond.    Mr. Meadows. So have you been asked for the documents personally?    Mr. Meadows. Let me tell you the last person who told me that. The last person who told me that was not responsive, Kevin. I apologize. I shouldn't be calling you Kevin, Mr. Counihan. The last person who told me that was actually part of a rulemaking process who they had been working on it for a year, and we came to find out they hadn't been working on it. So I guess my question is, when can Ways and Means and when can Energy and Commerce expect a production of the documents according to the subpoena that you acknowledge you're aware of?    Mr. Meadows. Actually, it would be appropriate for you to get back to this committee but also to Chairman Brady and Chairman Upton with regards to a timeframe, and so can we expect a response by the close of business on Friday in terms of a timeframe?    Mr. Meadows. Yes or no, is that not reasonable?    Mr. Meadows. Mr. Counihan, you do not have the option of not giving me a timeframe, because in doing that, you're thereby forcing the same issue, and it would be a contempt of Congress to continue to stonewall. So is that what you're saying is, is that you're not willing to give me any kind of a timeframe?    Mr. Meadows. What's a reasonable amount of time?    Mr. Meadows. Let me, by Friday, the close of business, I either want a response on why you can't respond by then, why you haven't been able to find it, or some kind of legitimate response in terms of a timeframe, okay?    Mr. Meadows. And so, as we start to see this--and I apologize, Mr. Chairman, if you'll indulge me just a few moments. Let me say one of my concerns, and you know, philosophically, we probably have a big difference. I don't want to get into the philosophical differences. Let me tell you where I am troubled, is for all the stories of people who now have coverage, I continue to get a disproportionate number of people who are saying their premiums are going up or their companies are going out of business. And so today we're talking about really a CO-OP program. And I've had some of the major insurers in the country come to me saying that not only are they losing money, but they're hemorrhaging a loss of money because they can't get either this on a profitable point of view or costs continue to go up. Are you hearing some of the same concerns from insurance companies?    Mr. Meadows. So let me make sure I'm understanding that. So, in your 13-State tour and talking to CEOs, they're suggesting that we go to a Medicaid?    Mr. Meadows. Because I thought that's what you were saying.    Mr. Meadows. But you and I both know that I'm a numbers guy.    Mr. Meadows. In a Medicaid patient, the amount of money spent per Medicaid patient is higher than the other patients typically. I know it is in North Carolina, exponentially higher. So what you're saying is, is that we need to go to a model where we spend more per patient?    Mr. Meadows. So let me go to one of the biggest ones, Blue Cross Blue Shield, in my State, obviously the largest provider. They have gone up 30 percent, 34 percent, and anticipated 20-plus percent this year in terms of the insurance rates. We're hoping that it's lower. I talked to them just 2 weeks ago. So, when you look at that, you know, you aggregate all of that together.    Mr. Meadows. That is not affordable health care, and certainly my rates are not anywhere close to what they used to be 3 years ago. Fortunately, I can afford to pay it. Many cannot. They are just barely scraping by. What they shared with me is that emergency room visits are not really down. Is that correct? Because that was the whole premise: we would get this group of uninsured from going to use the emergency room as their primary healthcare provider. And, actually, they're saying that that went up, and it continues to stay at an elevated rate. Are you finding that?    Mr. Meadows. Lowest level against what? What are we comparing it to? Mr. Counihan, how can you say lowest level? I'm 57 years old. I've been paying insurance premiums for over 35 years. So 35 percent, 30 percent, and 18 to 20 percent is not the lowest level of increases that I've faced. That is just factually incorrect.    Mr. Meadows. Let's look at North Carolina. You knew I was going to be here, and you know my numbers, so let's look at North Carolina. Is it better in North Carolina over the last 3 years than it was in the previous 10 years, in terms of rate of increase?    Mr. Meadows. Well, you can get back to me.    Mr. Meadows. So what you're saying is we're an anomaly in North Carolina? Is that your sworn testimony? Because we went 30, 35, 34 percent, now 18, and we are astronomically more than anybody else?    Mr. Meadows. They vary by Medicaid and Medicare more so than anything else.    And I will yield back.