    Mr. Ross. Director Cordray, thank you. I thought I was going to be the last one, but I see my good friend, Mr. Guinta, has taken--    Mr. Ross. Yes. I appreciate your testimony today, but I want to follow up on what my colleague from South Carolina, Mr. Mulvaney, is inquiring about with regard to payday loans. And I understand that you are in the process of proposing new rules and that you have a small business review panel to reach out and get feedback from the industry.    Are there any members of that from Florida on that small business--    Mr. Ross. When you were testifying at the beginning here earlier today, you commented about your first field hearing being in Birmingham, Alabama. Have you had any field hearings in Florida?    Mr. Ross. With regard to, specifically, payday lending though.    Mr. Ross. Good.    Mr. Ross. I understand. Just as an aside, I think that it wouldn't hurt to have a hearing, a field hearing in Florida with regard to payday lending, because, as you know, Florida has probably one of the best regulatory environments for payday lending. In fact, I think that Florida some time ago recognized that there is a market demand and there is a market supply to meet this need on a regulatory fashion that could be set up to make sure that we preserve and protect the consumers.    And I think--I don't know if your office has any statistics that would show whether there has been any abuse in the State of Florida with regard to payday loan.    Mr. Ross. Right.    Mr. Ross. It is good.    Mr. Ross. For example, if you are looking at parameters, limit the loans to $500. That works. They are going to only have one outstanding loan at any one time. Their fees are 10 percent of the amount borrowed plus the $5 verification. They have to wait 24 hours before they have another one. There are protections in there.    So all I am suggesting to you is, please, take a look at Florida.    Mr. Ross. And I think that if you look at other States, even your State of Ohio, they have the ability, and I think they have the foresight, to regulate this industry without having to be preempted by the Federal Government.    Also, I am going to talk to you just briefly about your role on FSOC and specifically with regard to systemically important financial institutions. Let's talk about asset managers.    Do you feel, both personally and professionally, that asset managers, managers that don't carry any assets themselves but are managing for others, pose a risk to the financial environment?    Mr. Ross. I understand. I am not asking you to. Just in your role as a member of it.    Mr. Ross. And don't you think we should have some--in other words, preventative maintenance, preventative medicine, if you will, is so much better than remedial medicine, being able to identify early on with the financial institution through a transparency process and let them know if they are moving into that direction so that they can self-correct, don't you think that is a pretty good way to avoid having to have the connotation and the label of being a SIFI and then not knowing how you got there or how you are going to get out of there?    Mr. Ross. But transparent?    Mr. Ross. And we should have transparency.    Mr. Ross. And I think--    Mr. Ross. Thank you. And lastly, just recently I sent you a letter, on February 24th. You probably haven't had a chance to read it. But I am curious about how you determine and select companies, both depository and non-depository, for examination. Is there a written procedure? Do you have a checklist? Is it based on size? Is it based on revenues? Is it based on location? Is it based on number of employees? Things of that nature?    Mr. Ross. It is a set of guidelines, if you will.    Mr. Ross. And in regards to levies of fines, is there a guideline as to how much a fine should be or is it a range--how is it--    Mr. Ross. Yes.    Mr. Ross. Thank you. I see my time is up. I look forward to the response to the letter and I thank you for being here.    Mr. Ross. I yield back.