    Mr. Richmond. I will just, Mr. Chairman, I will just kick off where my good friend from Utah left off, and that is conversations about being held accountable.    You don't know me, but I did criminal defense for a while, and I was a State rep, and in Louisiana I watched many people get indicted and go to jail for the misuse of nonprofit funds. And in your testimony, you say that one of the important things with the IRS is for people to feel that they will be treated fairly and that it doesn't make any difference who they are, what organizations or what political party they belong to.    Well, let me just tell you, there are a bunch of people, including me, that think that the justice system is rigged for those who are privileged and those who are rich. So for the people that I have seen go to jail for misappropriating $2,000, $3,000, $5,000, $8,000, and we have an indictment that is pending right now, the question becomes, how can someone take money that belongs to a nonprofit to satisfy a personal judgment and that not be a misappropriation of the nonprofit's funds?    Mr. Richmond. And to pay off a personal judgment would be a benefit to a person, not an organization?    Mr. Richmond. Let me just say this, and I wasn't even going to bring that up, because I think today is a very unfortunate day, but it signals what this Congress has been about and why our approval rating is so low and why our reputation is the do nothing Congress. We do do something. We grandstand and showboat on a regular basis.    This Judiciary Committee in this room weeks ago, after Philando Castile and Alton Sterling were killed by law enforcement, I begged for a public hearing on the issue, because I really think that the public deserves it, and I think if we don't do it, we are going to have blood on our hands.    Well, unfortunately, police officers were killed. This week we have two more incidents where two people were killed in an incident with law enforcement, or two people lost their lives in an incident with law enforcement. But we are not talking about it. We are talking about a fragile country, we are talking about fragile people, and we are ignoring a humongous issue, because we are talking about impeaching you.    In Louisiana, we just had 7 trillion gallons of water dumped on Baton Rouge and the surrounding areas. Just in Baton Rouge, we lost 60 sheriff deputy cars, we lost 50 police cars, we have a law enforcement that is dismantled.    But we are not having a hearing here today to talk about how we get them back up because there is a pending Alton Sterling decision that has to come out and how do we protect American citizens and how do we keep their communities safe when that decision comes out, because we know it is coming, but we are, again, talking about impeaching you with 50 something, I don't know, 100 days left in our term.    We keep grandstanding while America is burning. There are some who would rather talk about Colin Kaepernick not standing for the national anthem than to talk about people losing their lives by the hands of law enforcement.    This is the Judiciary Committee. We don't even acknowledge--we are not even talking about the fact that we are losing law enforcement officers. We don't even have enough bulletproof vests for the sheriffs in the United States of America. But we are talking about impeaching you. We just had police officers and sheriffs gunned down in Dallas and in Baton Rouge, but they don't have police vests, and we are talking about impeaching you.    Somewhere, somehow you have to say, what are these guys thinking, what are these guys and women doing? Do they not realize that we have a crisis in America, and we are talking about impeaching you, which, you know, is laughable at its best if it wasn't so sad, that all of a sudden this becomes the biggest priority that we have.    And, Mr. Chairman, I would just again urge, and I want to be on the record every time we talk, that we need a public hearing so that people understand how serious we are taking the policing in America issue, because, again, if people don't understand we are taking it serious, they will continue to take it in their own hands, people that are mentally disturbed will do unimaginable things, and it is all on us if we don't get together and talk about it.    With that, I will yield back.    Mr. Richmond. Yes, he is.