    Mr. Poe. I'll yield to the Chair.    Mr. Poe. I thank the Chair. I want to try to get back on the subject that we've been talking about. When Mr. Johnson, on the other side, asked does Planned Parenthood do political contributions, if I remember the testimony, two of you said that Planned Parenthood didn't give contributions to anyone.    Ms, Thayer, do you know whether Planned Parenthood contributes to Federal candidates?    Mr. Poe. And what is the name of the PAC, do you know?    Mr. Poe. Planned Parenthood PAC?    Mr. Poe. Would it surprise you in the election cycle 2014, Planned Parenthood PAC contributed a little over $400,000 to Federal candidates?    Mr. Poe. One hundred and thirty-eight Federal candidates, would that surprise you or not?    Mr. Poe. $400,000, seems like you could do a lot of other things with $400,000 instead of giving it to people running for Congress.    Mr. Poe. And since the minority did bring it up, Mr. Chairman, I would like to introduce in the record the open secrets document of contributions by Planned Parenthood PAC.    Mr. Poe. The talk has also been about--and I resent the other side talking about, generalizing those of us over here are against women. I resent that. I have four children, three daughters. I have 11 grand kids, 7 granddaughters. One of those is adopted. And I'm not a female. I agree with that comment. But the idea that we don't like women is absurd. I think many of us are trying to look out for the life of new women coming into the world. What about those women? And I think they're women when they're harvested for their body parts. I'm concerned about those women. So I'm not going to put up with saying that, me, that I'm opposed to women. Let's talk about those women. If Congress doesn't speak for them, who speaks for them? You all speak for them. So I know that's not the issue.    The issue is Planned Parenthood. It's also, I think Planned Parenthood seems to do a pretty good job of marketing Planned Parenthood. Would you agree with that, Ms. Thayer?    Mr. Poe. Do you have any idea how much money Planned Parenthood spends on marketing Planned Parenthood?    Mr. Poe. I want to apologize to you for the insinuation that you did something wrong by being a whistleblower, and you're being attacked because you talked about or brought evidence about an organization. That's what we do, unfortunately, we attack whistleblowers across the board it seems like.    Also the comment was made that we got to have Planned Parenthood, or there's no other answer. Well, I have this chart, maybe it's on the screen, Mr. Chairman, of Texas where I'm from. And most of these, you can't see them too well; they'll be on the far right on the screen, the Planned Parenthood areas are in the metropolitan areas, 38 of them. But most of Texas is not in the metropolitan area. I mean, the State is the vast State. There are parts over here on the other side with all the white dots where you have federally funded healthcare centers. I would submit to you and to the record there are places in Texas that there are federally funded healthcare centers that aren't on Google Maps. They're in remote districts like where Louie Gohmert is from or in west Texas, in small little towns. So that's not an accurate portrayal of women's health care in the country.    The federally funded healthcare units are everywhere, rural, city. And Planned Parenthood in Texas, anyway, is just in the metropolitan areas. Is that the way you understand it, Ms. Thayer?    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.