    Mr. Wilshusen. Chairman Ratcliffe, Ranking Member Richmond, and Members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify at today's hearing on DHS's efforts to secure the .gov domain.    As you know, the Federal Government faces an array of cyber-based threats to its computer networks and systems, as illustrated by the recent OPM data breaches which affected millions of Federal employees. Such incidents underscore the urgent need for effective implementation of information security programs at Federal agencies.    Since 1997, we have designated Federal information security as a Government-wide high-risk area and, in 2003, expanded the area to include computerized systems supporting the Nation's critical infrastructure. We further expanded this area in 2015 to include protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information.    Today I will discuss several cybersecurity challenges facing Federal agencies and Government-wide initiatives, including those led by DHS aimed at improving agency cybersecurity.    Before I begin, Mr. Chairman, if I may, I'd like to recognize several members of my team who were instrumental in developing my statement and some of the work underpinning it.    With me today is Larry Crosland, who is an assistant director who led this work. Also, Brad Becker, Rosanna Guerrero, Lee McCracken, Kush Malhotra, Chris Businsky, and Scott Pettis also made significant contributions.    Mr. Chairman, most Federal agencies face challenges securing their computer networks and systems. One such challenge is designing and implementing risk-based cybersecurity programs.    Agencies continue to have shortcomings in assessing risks, developing and implementing security controls, and monitoring results. Nineteen of 24 agencies covered by the CFO Act reported that information security weaknesses were either a significant deficiency or material weakness for financial reporting purposes. In addition, IGs at 23 of these agencies cited information security as a major management challenge for their agency.    Overseeing security of contractor-operated systems is another challenge. Agencies rely on contractors to perform a wide variety of IT services. However, five of six agencies we reviewed did not consistently assess or review assessments of their contractors' information security practices and controls, resulting in security lapses.    Even with effective control, security incidents and data breaches can still occur. Agencies need to react swiftly and appropriately when they do. However, seven agencies we reviewed had not consistently implemented key operational practices for responding to data breaches involving personally identifiable information.    GAO and agency IGs have made hundreds of recommendations to assist agencies in addressing these and other challenges. Implementing these recommendations will strengthen agencies' ability to protect their systems and information.    DHS and OMB have also launched several Government-wide initiatives to enhance cybersecurity. One such initiative is requiring strong authentication of users through the use of personal identity verification, or PIV, cards.    These cards provide a more secure method of verifying a user's identity than do passwords. However, OMB recently reported that only 41 percent of agency user accounts at 23 civilian agencies required PIV cards for accessing agency systems.    DHS' Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Initiative is intended to provide agencies with tools that identify and prioritize cyber risk on an on-going basis and enable cybersecurity personnel to mitigate the most significant programs or problems first. If effectively implemented, the initiative may assist agencies in resolving long-standing security weaknesses.    The National Cybersecurity Protection System is intended to detect and prevent malicious network traffic from entering Federal civilian networks, among other things. GAO is presently reviewing the implementation of this system. Our preliminary observations indicate that the system's intrusion detection and prevention capabilities may be useful, but are also limited.    While Government-wide initiatives hold promise for bolstering the Federal cybersecurity posture, no single technology or set of practices is sufficient to protect against all cyber threats. A multi-layered defense-in-depth strategy that includes well-trained personnel, effective and consistently applied processes, and appropriate technologies is needed to better manage these risks.    This concludes my statement. I'd be happy to answer your questions.    Mr. Wilshusen. I think the provisions provided in the modernized FISMA of 2014 greatly strengthened DHS' authorities to perform those functions, which previously they had certain responsibilities under a memorandum delegated to it by the Office of Management and Budget. But given the statutory authorities to DHS, certainly strengthens its hand in performing those functions.    Mr. Wilshusen. I would say that sharing of cyber threat and incident information is a critical element to assuring that agencies in the Department have appropriate threat intelligence to help protect against those threats.    Mr. Wilshusen. Government-wide OPM has reported that, for fiscal year 2014, 24 agencies covered by the Chief Financial Officers Act spent about $13 billion on cybersecurity activities out of an IT budget of around $80 billion.    So the vast majority of that, though, relates to the Department of Defense. Pulling that information--their budgets out, the numbers are significantly less.    Mr. Wilshusen. I would agree that it will require effective management in addition to resources to accomplish this.    One of the areas that we typically find on our audits of agencies' systems is that many of the vulnerabilities and defects in their security controls can be implemented without necessarily the use or expenditure of additional resources.    It's basically applying patches in a timely manner, assuring that agencies limit the privileges that they grant to their users to the least privilege that's necessary for them to perform their duties, as well as continually testing and evaluating their systems and then taking corrective actions to mitigate known vulnerabilities.    In certain instances, particularly now, agencies will likely need to invest in improving their intrusion detection capabilities to identify and mitigate and reduce the intrusions and impact of intrusions that are likely to occur.    Mr. Wilshusen. I think there are probably several reasons, one of which is the fact that many of the computer systems that Federal agencies use--and it's not dissimilar to what's happening out in the private sector--is based on defective software.    Much of the software that agencies use have a number of vulnerabilities in it that aren't fixed before they're bought, sold, purchased, and deployed. So, over time, as these vulnerabilities come to light, agencies as well as any users of that software need to take steps to mitigate and correct those vulnerabilities.    Mr. Wilshusen. No. The answer is no. You can't stop and move out all your software.    Mr. Wilshusen. I think what one has to do is, as corrections and patches are identified to correct vulnerabilities in software, that they be applied promptly to the----    Mr. Wilshusen. I guess I'll take first crack versus your first observation on whether or not an individual should be hired or try to seek work with the Federal Government versus private sector.    First, I would just say that the scourge of cyber malfeasance is not unique to the Federal Government. The same security vulnerabilities, the same types of attacks, the same types of data leakage and theft, occurs in private sector as well as the Federal Government. I think many Federal employees look beyond just that element to work for the Federal Government. It's more, perhaps, out of a civic duty and responsibility.    Mr. Wilshusen. It depends on their motives.    Mr. Wilshusen. It depends on what the motives of the hacker are, whether it's economic, monetary gain, or seeking a political or military advantage.    If I'm a competitor and I'm seeking to gain information about a private company and what their products might be, I might be interested in hacking a private company's system. I might very well be in tune to trying to hack into Federal Government because----    Mr. Wilshusen. As you mention, it's not just personnel records. It's other proprietary information, intellectual property, that might be the target of a hacker.    Regarding the deleting data, of course, in the Federal Government, we do have records management requirements where we have to retain and archive certain data for a period of time.    But I agree. After those time limits have expired, sure, get rid of it. To the extent we're able to, deleting information that's no longer necessary in accordance with Federal requirements should be done on a regular basis.    Mr. Wilshusen. Well, with regard to the first question, in terms of does DHS have the authority to compel agencies to take certain actions, the Federal Information Security Modernization Act of 2014 gave DHS statutory authorities to perform additional activities to help assist Federal agencies in improving their information security.    One of those tools that's available to the Department is what is known as a binding operational directive. This is guidance and actually direction to the agency that the agency is required to implement. These directives are, I believe, prepared and developed in collaboration with OMB and others. But they do have a tool at least in their tool kit to help direct agencies to take corrective actions.    Mr. Wilshusen. I believe those directives may be compulsory. But I will defer to Dr. Ozment.