    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Chair, last year, the day before this committee scheduled a markup on H.R. 4042, which is my legislation to require a stop and study of MSAs, you sent a letter asking that, and I quote, ``the House Financial Services Committee refrain from considering amendments to tomorrow's markup related to NCUA's risk-based capital rule.''    I have never received a letter from an Executive Branch agency asking me not to do my job, which is to legislate. Can you please explain?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Let's figure out first here the responsibilities of each branch of government. My understanding is that the responsibility of the Legislative Branch is to propose legislation. And in each bill we pass, there is a clause that always says that the Executive Branch and the departments that pertain to whatever the legislation is about have the ability to implement and promulgate rules that will implement the law. And so I don't know where the Executive Branch has the authority or the reason to tell us what to do.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Madam Chair, you asked that the House refrain from considering amendments. You were telling us not to do any amendments to the capital-based rule.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. My point is that the Executive Branch should carry out the wishes of the Legislative Branch.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. And this is the problem with this entire Administration. Right now, the Legislative Branch is being compromised because they believe the Executive Branch can go out through Executive Order and through bureaucratic fiat create law. That is not the way the Founders designed these three branches, coequal branches, by the way, of government. This is not what they intended for the Executive Branch to do. And, quite frankly, I hope from now on you will refrain from telling us what to do.    Also, I am kind of curious, you came up with a risk-weighted rule. I was wondering if you did any sort of study to evaluate with regards to MSAs their performance during the financial crisis?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. One of the things that I am working on is with regards to SIFI designations, both for banks and nonbanks. NCUA sits on FSOC, is that not correct?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Can you explain to me how you could vote for designating four nonbanks, three insurance companies and another industry, as SIFIs?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. What criteria did you use?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. What did you use?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. How big is the biggest credit union?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Is it a SIFI?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Right now, there is a threshold of $50 billion. Anybody above that has to comply with the stress tests and all sorts of other rules and regulations. Does this credit union comply with that?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. Are you considering designated--would you support designated as a SIFI then? Is it interconnected enough?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. I only have 30 seconds left. I have one more question I want to get to before we run out of time, with regard to designating these insurance companies as SIFIs. I was in the insurance business for 30 years. I have no idea how you can tell me that one insurance company, if it goes down, destroys the entire economy. Can you give me an example of how this works?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. On FSOC, Mr. Woodall is one of the members, and he represents the insurance industry, and he voted against that.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Why would you vote against him, somebody who actually knows the industry and represents them?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So you are going to ignore the one person who has best knowledge of the industry.    Thank you.