    Mr. Sherman. Thank you. North Korea probably tested a hydrogen-boosted device, one that made use of hydrogen isotopes but did not get its power from the fusion of hydrogen atoms. That being said, it is perhaps half a decade or a decade before North Korea tests a genuine thermonuclear weapon. I am sure our witnesses will be able to clarify and give us a more precise estimate.    We have throughout this century, which is now in its 16th year, had a policy which has completely failed us as foreign policy, but has achieved what some would argue is the guiding force behind foreign policy, which is meeting domestic political concerns. We have not--neither the last administration nor this administration--slowed down North Korea's nuclear program for any significant time, and continuing this policy, or repeating what we have done but only in a louder voice, is not going to yield a different result.    But our policy has allowed us at times--for various times--to seem tough, and we have avoided offending Wall Street. These are important domestic political objectives which have been fully achieved. So if viewed from the standpoint of being popular domestically, our policy is a success. If we want to protect the world from North Korean nuclear weapons, it has been a complete failure.    In terms of what we could do if sounding tough wasn't important, we could make it clear to China that, if there was a unified Korea, American forces would not be north of the 38th parallel and might even be further south. There would be less reason for them to be there.    We do not have any military forces defending any other China neighbor from China. Our troops in South Korea are there to defend South Korea from North Korea. We could offer North Korea a package of aid--that has been done before--but a non-aggression pact that they asked for and we refused to provide, because Dick Cheney imagined invasion, or at least didn't want to give up that opportunity sometime in the future.    But the most important thing we need to do, and the thing we are least likely to do, is to make it clear to China that their access to U.S. markets depends upon them getting tough with North Korea. Wall Street would be aghast if we actually did it, so we won't. So we are likely to continue the current circumstance. China is indeed miffed by what North Korea has done, but is unwilling to change its policy, and, of course, China has been miffed by North Korea many times in the past.    China will not change its policy unless the reality changes, and the current reality is they have free access to U.S. markets and that won't be changed if they choose to continue the policy that they have continued throughout this century, which is to subsidize North Korea.    So if we want a policy that doesn't meet domestic political objectives, but simply maximizes the carrots and sticks on North Korea, it would be a matter of a non-aggression pact on the 38th parallel, and the threat of tariffs on Chinese goods if China continues--while always questioning--it but continues a policy of subsidizing North Korea.    So my guess is that we will simply continue to pull our hair out--obviously, I have done more of that than most of the witnesses--in worry about North Korea, and talk tough, and do nothing that offends Wall Street. And if you keep doing the same thing for now a 16-year-old century, and expect a different result, that is the definition of insanity.    And a final thing I will ask our witnesses to comment on is whether we would actually get somewhere if we consent--if we agreed that North Korea could have a very limited number of atomic but not thermonuclear weapons, or is there a real prospect of getting them to be a nuclear-free state.    I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Usually it is the witnesses that answer questions. But one question has come up, and that is, why did we do it in Iran and not North Korea? So I think I will answer the question. When Congress passed the sanctions laws, they provided secondary sanctions, which is the only way you go after these regimes. If the law had been enforced it would have made Iran's trading partners very angry.    Administrations refused to enforce those laws, gave Iran a lot more time to get very close to a nuclear weapon, but they began to persuade Iran's trading partners that they should go along with this pressure. And only to the extent that we could carry out the sanctions regime without angering Iran's major trading partners did we carry it out.    And we used persuasion. And who were we persuading? Europe. So we had sanctions on Iran only to the extent that we could get Europe not to be terribly angry if we forced them to go along.    As to China, persuading them will be considerably more difficult. And so the chairman and I are talking about, for example, sanctions on Chinese banks. That will make China angry. In dealing with Iran, the administration got as far as it did without making anybody really angry, any of Iran's trading partners. I think this North Korean nuclear program is significant enough that we should be willing to make China angry.    Now, I might talk about a tariff on their goods that would make them angrier than I could persuade my colleagues in Congress to go along with. But they will be pretty angry with the banking sanctions.    Dr. Cha, you say there are some who doubt that North Korea is legally a terrorist state. One act of terrorism is when you see civilian hostages, and that act of terrorism continues at least until you release the hostages. And if you seize Japanese homemakers and hold them hostage for decades because you want somebody to teach you how to pour tea, that is an act of terrorism.    Dr. Cha, is there any doubt that North Korea is engaged in terrorism until they release the hostages they have seized? Or their bodies, for those who have died?    Mr. Sherman. Okay.    Mr. Sherman. What I have said in this room is they need their first 12 atomic weapons to defend themselves from us. The 13th doesn't go on eBay, but could be available for sale.    Dr. Cha.    Mr. Sherman. And they haven't drawn the line at nuclear. I mean, had things gone as planned, Syria or Iran operating in combination at al-Kibar would have a plutonium nuclear device. And it is not that North Korea says, ``Oh, that is so immoral; we couldn't participate in that.''    Mr. Sherman. Doctor, I have gone way over time. I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. As to our attention, they say in journalism if it bleeds, it leads. The Middle East, therefore, gets the attention, and it deserves some attention. But this North Korean problem is a threat to Asia and the United States.    And then as to the possible connection between North Korea and Iran, we need an agreement with China that there are no nonstop flights between North Korea and Iran. They would all go over Chinese airspace. We don't have to make a big political deal, just inform the planes that if they want to fly over your airspace, they have got to stop in a Chinese city for refueling. It would be unsafe for them to go that extra mile all the way without stopping for refueling. And if that happens, I am sure the Chinese will take a look at the plane. If we don't have that, the money is there on the one hand, the desire for nuclear weapons, and the 12th--the 13th nuclear weapon goes on eBay.    I yield back.