    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCarthy, normally when I see an old friend at a wake or a funeral, I say, ``It is good to see you, just sorry to see you under these circumstances.'' So it is good to see you, just sorry to see you under these circumstances.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. Well, I love my EPA in my region. I have to say, just----    Mr. Lynch. I want to say some good things here. They are very responsive, very conscientious; and I appreciate the work that they do.    But this is not the EPA's finest hour. I think you would admit that. I actually have a connection to this whole incident. I used to live in Farmington, New Mexico.    Mr. Lynch. I actually was an iron worker there, and lived on the Navajo Reservation. I was a guest of the Navajo Nation for a couple of years. I know how the tribe is intensely invested, not only financially, but spiritually----    Mr. Lynch . In their land. I was honored to be their guest for a couple of years.    What troubles me here is that we often see how the EPA works. They have an almost maddening hyper-technical compliance regime for businesses. That is often the case. Yet, in this case, internally, it seems that the EPA abandoned all that hyper-technical compliance in its own application of its actions.    What are we going to do? What are we going to do here to help the Navajo recover? What are we going to do to get this straightened out and cleaned up? Can we get a promise from you that you are all in on this, and that you are going to be as relentless in cleaning up this spill and this accident as you have been in some cases where you come down on some industries, that we are all aware of, that found themselves in a similar situation?    We need that type of guarantee. We need you to be all in on this. We need you to be relentless in terms of fixing your mistake with what happened here. I mean, albeit, I know there were good intentions here, but, good Lord, this is a beautiful area, and now it is damaged extensively. We need your help to set this thing right.    Mr. Lynch. Yes. As I said before, there is a spiritual dimension to this for the Navajo and the Ute, as well. I lived not too far from Shiprock, and there is an intense investment here on the part of these tribes. This is their homeland. Sometimes we forget that they are a sovereign nation, and we have a huge responsibility here to fix what we have exacerbated. Maybe we did not create it, but we certainly exacerbated the problem here; and we need to step up in a big way and meet our obligations.    Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.