    Mr. Westmoreland. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I just wanted to make a couple of comments about some of the statements that have been made about the delay in this committee in the request for documents.    This committee was formed in May, and I don't know if the minority leader didn't appoint the other side's members for 2 or 3 weeks, but we had to staff up. Both sides had to hire staff. And then, once we hired the staff, they had to get security clearance, which Mr. Higgins and Mr. Pompeo alluded to. We had a retired three-star general that applied for clearance last September, and I think he got it last Thursday. You know, if that is not dragging your feet, I don't know what it is.    But I don't know why we would have wanted all of these documents, 40,000 pages of documents, if we didn't have staff cleared to read them. I mean, we Members of Congress, I know you all don't think we do much, but, you know, for us, reading 40,000 pages of documents, that is what the staff is for.    And so, just in the amount of time it took to staff up, to find the right people from both sides of the aisle, and then to get their security clearance, I think everybody needs to understand, took a while.    And then, as far as the delay, you know, I think the delay has come from our chairman being too bipartisan. I know there were hours, if not a couple days, spent on arguing about how much time each member would get. And I think the minority wanted it down to 9 minutes and 20 seconds each, the way this thing was deliberated. And so if we had to spend a couple of days arguing about, you know, 40 seconds or 20 seconds or whatever it is, you are not going to get very far.    And as far as us being in the majority, I think the President said in 2009, elections have consequences.    As Mr. Pompeo said, he and I both sit on the Intelligence Committee, and reading the resolution that was put before the House, we have those same authorities as the Intel Committee.    Mr. Higgins, would you agree with that?    Mr. Westmoreland. So you will give this committee the same respect that you would HPSCI in any request for documents or witnesses that they might request?    Mr. Westmoreland. Okay.    And 40,000 pages came from the State Department, and Mr. Rubin mentioned that there were a lot of--talking about redaction--there were a lot of other agencies, I guess, that had to look at what was in there, as far as redacting the information.    When the CIA received this, were there any redactions already done?    Mr. Westmoreland. So is the CIA the only redactions that are there now?    Mr. Westmoreland. Mr. Rubin, is that the documents, the 40,000 pages of only the CIA redactions?    Mr. Westmoreland. Do we know what agencies----    Mr. Westmoreland. Do we know what agencies redacted what parts of----    Mr. Westmoreland. Okay. But you know where they came from, the redactions, and why they are there, right?    Mr. Westmoreland. So, by sending this to the CIA--and I am assuming that the CIA had, unlike the State Department, had some people specifically set up looking at these Benghazi documents?    Mr. Westmoreland. Okay. So you send them to the State Department rather than the State Department sending you over some documents and you looking at it. You actually send folks over to the State Department; is that correct?    Mr. Westmoreland. Now, when--and I am assuming that for both the Intel Committee and this committee, that the redactions you make are for methods and sources. Is that correct?    Mr. Westmoreland. Okay. So do you think that the State Department shares emails between employees that would have methods and sources in it?    Mr. Westmoreland. Between employees?    Mr. Westmoreland. So the State Department feels like there are employees that can see methods and operations that Members of Congress can't see?    Mr. Westmoreland. Mr. Rubin, I will ask you that question. Are there emails between State Department employees that disclose methods and operations and stuff that they can see that Members of Congress can't see?    Mr. Westmoreland. Yeah. Well, I know that Mr. Higgins testified that all of our facilities have been secured and certified by the CIA. I guess that they are secure, and I think most of the Members have top security clearance.    And so are you saying that the State Department employees just send these emails back and forth over something and that we shouldn't be seeing that?    Mr. Westmoreland. What would be considered classified from another agency that Members of Congress would not need to see?    Mr. Westmoreland. Okay.    Mr. Westmoreland. So is the CIA the last agency to get the redactions to say what needs to be lifted and what doesn't?    Mr. Westmoreland. But Mr. Higgins said they lifted some of the redactions.    Mr. Westmoreland. You know, there was an outside group prior to this committee being formed that had a Freedom of Information Act and got some information, I believe it was from the State Department, with no redactions. And as a member of the Intel Committee, we had gotten the same information, redacted.    Now, would it be easier for this committee or to have better information if we would go through the Freedom of Information Act rather than requesting it from you all?    Mr. Westmoreland. Well, they got theirs a little quicker----    Mr. Westmoreland. They got theirs quicker than we got ours, with no redactions.    Mr. Westmoreland. Well, your understanding of a cooperative relationship is probably a little bit different than some of ours.    But I yield back the balance of my time.