    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. Stone, in your report you cite a GAO report which says, regarding the debt ceiling crisis in 2011, ``When the Treasury was close to breaching the debt limit, investors reported taking the unprecedented action of systematically avoiding certain Treasury securities. That cost from the Treasury from, roughly, $38 million to more than $70 million in higher interest costs, amounting to, in essence, nothing more than a waste of taxpayers' money.''    I take it that was because of the uncertainty in the markets. That is why interest rates go up, or that is one of the reasons that they do.    If the Treasury had information at that time that could have calmed the markets by letting the markets know that we would have paid principal and interest, do you think they should have revealed it?    Let me put it this way, if they had revealed it, would it have calmed the markets?    Mr. Mulvaney. Do you think that the guys and gals who were thinking about buying Treasuries were worried about whether or not the national parks were going to be open? Or do you think they were worried about getting their money back if they bought Treasuries?    Mr. Mulvaney. And if the Treasury had information that would have assured them they would have gotten their money back, we might have saved that $38 million to $70 million, might we not?    Mr. Mulvaney. You mention in your testimony in another place, your written testimony, it says that the debt ceiling, ``plays no constructive role in enforcing budget discipline; rather, it encourages reckless brinkmanship.'' You have mentioned that a couple of times in your testimony.    Would you be surprised that according to AEI, in 1979 the debt ceiling debate was used in order to leverage and require the President to present balanced budgets in the next following years, which he did? In 1980, the debt ceiling debate was used to reform import tariffs. In 1985, the debt ceiling was used to reform cigarette taxes and the alternative minimum tax.    And there are several folks who were here in the 1990s who will swear to you that the debt ceiling discussion during the 1990s led directly to the balanced budgets later that decade.    So do you still stand by your testimony that it is never used in order to reach compromise that speaks to fiscal matters?    Mr. Mulvaney. It says it plays no constructive role. Did it play a constructive role in 1979, 1980, 1985, and the 1990s?    Mr. Mulvaney. That is not what you said. You said it plays no constructive role. But you would have to admit that in those circumstances, which I found in 3 minutes on the Internet, they were used for constructive purposes.    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. So your testimony is hyperbole then and not really--    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay, all right, that is fine.    Last issue, default. Let us define default because it used to mean not paying interest on our debt or paying our principal on our debt. In fact, if you go back and you watch Secretary Lew's testimony, I have been doing this now since 2011, as has Mr. Duffy, we were on Joint Economic together, it used to be that we wouldn't be able to pay our financial obligations, we wouldn't be able to pay principal and interest. That changed and now the Administration uses the same terminology you use, which is we wouldn't be able to pay our obligations, making the equivalent that all payments are the same.    So let us explore that a little bit. By the way, do we have a contractual obligation to pay back the debt? When we sell a Treasury to Mr. Duffy, are we making a legal promise to pay him back?    Dr. Stone?    Mr. Mulvaney. Yes, it is a legally enforceable promise to pay, right?    Mr. Mulvaney. Let's see, last year, a couple of years ago, we spent $3 million on a NASA study on how Congress works. Does that rise to the same level of obligation, in your mind, as the promise to pay Mr. Duffy back the money with which he has bought a Treasury?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay. I am trying to drill down into that, Dr. Stone, because we are using the English language. It may be different at Swarthmore than it was at Georgetown, but I am just trying to figure out where we are. Is the obligation that we pay, for lack of a better word, NASA $3 million to study Congress--by the way, I could get a lot more fun on a list. We spent a couple hundred thousand dollars on studying the effect of cocaine on the sex habits of Japanese quail. If you would rather me use that example, I could, but let us stay with NASA for a second.    Does the obligation that we have to pay NASA to study us rise to the same level legally as the obligation to pay Mr. Duffy back the money he lent us by buying a Treasury?    Mr. Mulvaney. Well, pick one. Pick a legal sense, pick a political sense, are they of the same import, in your mind?    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. And in principle, we are not breaking new ground here, Dr. Stone. I think everybody admits that some of the obligations of the Federal Government are more important than others. It is not going against some liberal/progressive orthodoxy to say it is more important to pay the debt than it is to pay to study quails having sex. That shouldn't be outrageous. If it is, we have a lot bigger issue to deal with.    So I think you see what I am getting at, which is we are going to prioritize at some point. We do all the time. We admit to ourselves that the debt is more important than paying to study Congress or paying to study quails having sex. And that is all that we are asking to do in the prioritization bill.    Mr. Mulvaney. Can NASA sue us?    Mr. Mulvaney. Can NASA sue us to get the money? Mr. Duffy can sue us to get the money, can NASA sue us to get the money? We all know the answer to that.    I wish we had more time to do this. This is the third or fourth time you and I have done this the last couple of years. I always enjoy your participation.    Mr. Mulvaney. I look forward to having you back. Thanks, Dr. Stone.