    Dr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Cooper. It is an honor to be here.    The assessment by my colleague Tom Scheber and myself is based on----    Dr. Payne. Yes, sir.    The assessment by my colleague Tom Scheber and myself is based on the proposition that the size and character of the U.S. nuclear force posture needs to be driven first and foremost by a realistic appraisal of international conditions and threats. That is a key presumption because today's international threat environment is extremely dynamic and challenging.    The comforting assumption of a relatively benign new world order and a perpetual peace dividend has been overtaken by the reality of multiple, highly threatening developments, including new nuclear threats. And as Secretary of Defense Ash Carter recently noted, there is no apparent end in sight for these developments.    Given this threatening and indeed surprising security environment, the United States must prepare its forces to deter foes and assure allies through many possible negative shifts in international relations, including the erosion of U.S. conventional superiority, at least in some key areas.    We need to plan our deterrence and assurance strategies and capabilities according to these realities, not past unrealistic hopes and expectations.    In this context, the proposition that the goal of nuclear disarmament should be the overarching driver of U.S. nuclear policies, I believe, is misguided and even dangerous. Why? Because nobody has offered even the vaguest credible outline of how to make nuclear disarmament a reality in an international system that is characterized by hostility, mistrust, and conflict. And no nuclear power has followed the U.S. lead in this regard.    So what are the pertinent implications of these realities? The U.S. force posture must be sufficiently adaptable, flexible, and resilient to deter a variety of threats and foes in many possible contingencies now and in the future.    As former STRATCOM Commander General Robert Kehler has observed rightly, and I quote--``Surprise is a problem in a constantly changing world. In my view, the future requires adaptive and flexible U.S. capabilities to respond to unanticipated threats.'' Precisely right.    The U.S. must work to sustain or expand these force posture qualities: adaptability, flexibility, and resilience. That is the primary standard of adequacy we need to meet now and for the future.    There are several steps that could be taken to increase the adaptability of U.S. forces, particularly including modernizing the U.S. nuclear triad and forward-based forces. Further deep reductions in U.S. nuclear forces, however, would likely instead undercut these very qualities that may be critical to being able to deter war and assure nervous allies.    In addition, I should add that if you care about nonproliferation you must care about maintaining the capability and the credibility of the U.S. nuclear extended deterrent. The U.S. nuclear umbrella is the single most important nonproliferation tool that we have.    In conclusion, U.S. forces must be able to adapt to an increasingly dangerous and unpredictable threat environment, not geared to past, set expectations of a benign new world order, enduring U.S. conventional force superiority, a never-ending peace dividend, or an overarching goal of nuclear disarmament.    The now-apparent dangers of the post Cold War threat environment have come to many as a big surprise. For two decades, Western defense thinking in general has been geared to a new world order in which nuclear weapons would play an ever-smaller role on the path to nuclear zero.    General Breedlove, NATO's Supreme Allied Commander, recently acknowledged that for two decades the U.S. has treated Russia as a potential ally. That belief has been the backdrop for decades of deep U.S. nuclear reductions and a general lack of attention to U.S. nuclear forces.    Now, however, as General Breedlove said further, we must readjust. The realities of contemporary threats now argue strongly in favor of modernizing U.S. nuclear forces and emphasizing their adaptability, not further reductions and greater rigidity.    That is the primary takeaway from the assessment that my colleague Tom Scheber and I provided. Thank you.    Dr. Payne. Well, we first saw evidence of a change in Russian behavior and Russian doctrine in 2008 where, according to senior Russian officials, Russia was ready to call a nuclear alert with their actions and operations against Georgia in 2008.    We have more recently seen Russia back up its operations against Crimea and the occupation of Crimea with what President Putin himself said was a nuclear escalation threat.    So what we have learned since those days of writing the 2001 Nuclear Posture Review is that Russia has moved in a direction in some ways much harsher, particularly in terms of its potential use of nuclear weapons, than we anticipated at the time.    We have seen the evolution of Russian doctrine, we have seen the evolution of Russian strategy and the evolution of Russian forces to where at this point I think you can honestly and quite fairly say that Russia has a nuclear first-use policy, a limited nuclear first-use policy, that is meant to backstop its territorial grabs in Central Europe and Southern Europe.    And given that, it seems to me that we need to move in the direction that Clark just outlined, if only to be able to deter. I mean, I am not interested in being able to respond, per se, to a nuclear war, but we want to be able to deter the nuclear war in the first place. So we want to be able to deter the Russian Federation from believing it can get anything useful out of a first-nuclear-use threat. And in my opinion, that requires exactly the type of capabilities that Dr. Murdock was just describing.    Dr. Payne. I would not, sir.    Dr. Payne. Yes, sir, I don't recommend withdrawing from the New START Treaty. I agree with Clark, we ought to look at these things individually. I do think that there are some options that we can take with regard to Russian violations of the INF Treaty, as you described, but withdrawing from the New START Treaty, I don't believe is one of them we should exercise.    But I will add that I think that it is possible that the Russians are not going to adhere to the New START Treaty. There have been a number of statements coming out of senior Russian officials setting, in a sense, the basis for not abiding by the New START Treaty limitations in 2018.    This is what they did with the INF Treaty in earlier parts of 2007, for example, where recently the former Secretary of Defense mentioned that the Russians had talked to him and indicated they were interested in withdrawing from the INF Treaty.    You do see Russian officials now sort of setting the same base for the New START Treaty. It doesn't mean they are going to withdraw from it. Doesn't mean that they are not going to abide by it. But I would at least keep in the back of my mind that they are now talking along those lines, and watch very carefully to see what they do.    Dr. Payne. If I might go back to the cost question, just because I would like to add a point to that, and that is, the best study I have seen on cost has been done by CSBA , came out a few months ago.    What that study said is that the budget for nuclear modernization and recapitalization will range from 3 to 4.9 percent of DOD's budget, reaching a top of 4.9 percent in 2029. It then concluded that unless we talk about eliminating an entire leg of the triad, trying to find money in that budget is, and I quote--``the hunt for small potatoes.''    And every study that is represented in this assessment that Dr. Murdock led calls for maintaining the triad, not eliminating the triad.    So I would suggest that, given the priority of nuclear deterrence and Secretary of Defense Ash Carter has said nuclear deterrence is DOD's first priority, that those types of cost structures obviously have to be managed well, but given that it is DOD's first priority to maintain a credible nuclear deterrent, it seems to me that the recapitalization is not going to be too expensive. It is a matter of will and it is a matter of priorities.    On the action/reaction question, sir, that you asked, the general notion, as you put it forward and as put forward frequently, is, if the United States goes forward with the type of capabilities that Bridge talked about or Clark talked about, that this might encourage, say, the Russian Federation to respond more in that direction as well.    Let me----    Dr. Payne. Yes, I am very much in favor of both the new bomber and also the new cruise missile specifically because they contribute to the adaptability that I think is so important for deterrence.    To go back and set the stage, if we don't have a deterrent that can adapt to changing circumstances, we may have a deterrent that fails. And our most important priority is having a deterrent that does not fail to the extent that we can produce a deterrent that won't fail.    And having a bomber and the LRSO, the new cruise missile that would be with that bomber, allows the United States to be able to adapt to many different circumstances. It allows different options for the President to respond or to threaten to respond. It is just a key part of having an adaptable force structure.    Dr. Payne. Sir, it is important because----    Dr. Payne. It is important because we need to know what types of capabilities other folks may be developing. And if our labs don't have the ability to try and replicate designs and look at those capabilities, we may not be very familiar with the type of capability that Russia is deploying or China is deploying. And ignorance at that level could be profoundly dangerous.    So I think it is extremely important that our labs be able to have that capability to go look at foreign systems, see how they are designed, understand those foreign systems in every way possible so that we are smart about what our opponents have and not dumb.    Dr. Payne. I think, as you said, sir, the fog of war does not allow us to promise what you are going to know or not know. The question, though, in my mind is, does that mean that you don't prepare to have the type of options that Clark and Bridge have suggested? Because if you don't prepare to have those types of options, it is a self-fulfilling prophecy. All you are going to have are the type of large nuclear options that cause potentially much more damage than anybody would think reasonable under a circumstance.    And again, I am not talking about the employment of nuclear weapons, I am talking about the importance of having those capabilities to deter the opponent.    You know, Churchill said, no matter how mature you are in your sophistication, every now and then you should take the enemy into account. And let me just suggest, if you take the enemy into account in this very discussion, what we know from a number of open Russian sources, I am not saying anything here that isn't available in the Russian press, is that the Russian military has said they are going in the direction, they have gone in the direction that both Bridge and Clark have talked about, because they see that as a way of getting under the horizon of the U.S. nuclear deterrent.    This isn't us just coming up with this stuff. The Russians have said that that is the kind of deterrent they want to have because it beats our deterrent strategy.    And so what we are suggesting is we want the capabilities to fill in the blanks, not because we want to use them, but we want to make sure that the Russians know that use is not an option for them, so that deterrence works.    That is the argument that you have heard from this left side of the table, from your perspective.