    Mr. Rokita. I thank the chairman. I appreciate the testimony. I know it looks like we're coming up on about 3 hours of you guys--gentlemen sitting here, so I appreciate your patience.    I'm new to the committee, and so a lot of folks have been visiting me with different interests in my office and I wanted to get your opinion, either your association's opinion or your personal opinion or both on a couple of things.    First, regarding project labor agreements, or Davis-Bacon or however you want to talk about it. Is there an appreciable difference in quality between non-PLA projects and ones that are done under project labor agreements or through Davis-Bacon? And is there an appreciable difference in cost?    For example, I'm told--alright, via some information I'm receiving, that you can build 20 percent more road if you don't use a union. What's your opinion, as experts in the field?    Mr. Rokita. OK. But what's your experience in terms of your association?    Mr. Rokita. Oh yeah, that reminds me. When--OK, I appreciate that. I'm not trying to be tricky with you, but when can you get back with me? Can you give me a date? What's a fair amount of time?    Mr. Rokita. Ah, that's fine. So, within a week, I just want to get that on record.    Mr. Rokita. And then, Congressman Webster asked a question that you were going to get back with him on too, do you have a date for that?    Mr. Rokita. I know, and you guys are great at the State level. I don't have that same kind experience at the Federal level, so I just want to get--make sure we have an understanding of when we might get a response.    Mr. Rokita. Thank you, sir.    Mayor?    Mr. Rokita. So as a mayor, you don't--you don't find any appreciable difference in quality under cost?    Mr. Rokita. OK. Thank you both.    Dr. Babin, I thought, if I understood him right, was asking something maybe similar, so I apologize if I'm repeating, but I want to ask specifically about the concept of twin 33 trailers. And then specifically about the concept of increasing weight from 80,000 pounds to 100,000 pounds, distributing that over a third axle. I'm being told on the latter, for example, that that actually saves roads because it disperses the weight, and I would like your opinion on that, and again on the concept of twin 33s.    Mr. Rokita. And then, 10 seconds on twin 33s? Same--same answer?    Mr. Rokita. OK. Mayor, thank you.    Mr. Rokita. Do you agree? With that answer?    Mr. Rokita. Fair enough. In the remaining time I have left--I'm very interested in streamlining the regulation process, and I think Congressman Mica might have asked about that before I got here earlier in the hearing, but it's hard for me to get some pinpoint regulations to work on streamlining, so I'd like your opinion on any particular regulations that you would like to comment on and if MAP-21 is doing its job or not in terms of that streamlining.    Mayor?    Mr. Rokita. Any particular thing I could work on?    Mr. Rokita. Thank you both.