    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Let me also thank the Ranking Member of the full Committee for his presence here.    I want to start with the Attorney General and perhaps further explore this question of prosecutorial discretion in the context of the President's Executive order. So there are approximately, I believe, 11 million undocumented immigrants in this country, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. And presumably one of the options that some in this Congress would like to see, who disagree with the President's Executive order, is the deportation of all 11 million undocumented immigrants, correct? That is amongst the range of ideas within this Congress, this Committee. There are some presumably who would like to deport all 11 million. Is that fair to say?    Mr. Jeffries. Okay. Do you think that is a reasonable solution?    Mr. Jeffries. Thanks a lot.    Now, Congress has never allocated the resources necessary to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants. That is an accepted fact. Nobody from the far left to the far right argues otherwise. So if the President and the Department of Homeland Security lack the ability, because we, Congress, have not given him the resources to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants, doesn't the Department of Homeland Security have the discretion to prioritize the deportation of some undocumented immigrants over the deportation of others?    Mr. Jeffries. No, I appreciate that. I want to move on, but let me just make the point that I think should be self-evident. If Congress has not given the President the resources to deport all 11 million undocumented immigrants, then it seems that the Department of Homeland Security should have the ability to prioritize the deportation of felons over the deportation of families. That is a reasonable approach, since Congress has not seen fit to give the Department of Homeland Security the ability to simply deport everybody who is in this country on an undocumented basis.    Now in Nevada, the Office of Attorney General is not self-funded, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. Your funding is provided by the State Legislature, true?    Mr. Jeffries. So you joined this lawsuit and you made the decision to join this lawsuit, I believe on January 26. And you announced that decision consistent with your views as it relates to the Nevada Constitution. You didn't consult with the Governor when you made that decision, correct?    Mr. Jeffries. I am not arguing that you should have. I just want to establish the fact that you didn't. Correct?    Mr. Jeffries. It is a matter of public record. I just want to make sure that I am clear and you are clear and the Committee is clear. You didn't consult with the Governor.    Mr. Jeffries. I appreciate that. If I could enter into the record a Wall Street Journal opinion piece, ``Nevada's right choice on immigration,'' in support of your position and ask unanimous consent to do so. It is a February 2 article.    Mr. Jeffries. It says a very public dispute broke out last week when Nevada Attorney General Adam Laxalt went against Governor Brian Sandoval's wishes and joined a lawsuit filed by 25 other States. The two of you are both Republicans who agree that the current immigration system is broken and that comprehensive reform is necessary, but Mr. Sandoval opposes litigation and has suggested that new immigration reform legislation is the best way to proceed.    That is his perspective. I would assume that even though the two of you disagree, even though this Republican Governor believed that you took unilateral action, would it be reasonable based on his disagreement with your actions to defund the Office of the Nevada Attorney General?    Mr. Jeffries. Thank you. My time has expired, but I hope you would also agree, based on that same logic, that even though there is a disagreement between the President, Democrats in Congress, and congressional Republicans, it would be unreasonable, to use your phrase, to defund such an important agency, the Department of Homeland Security, simply because of a political dispute.    I yield back.