    Mr. Gallucci. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to present the VFW's thoughts on the Military Transition Assistance Program, or TAP.    The VFW has long recognized the need to provide transitioning servicemembers with a quality baseline of information with which to make informed decisions about their post-military lives. Over the past few years this subcommittee has driven significant change in TAP. The agencies responsible have rebuilt the program from the ground up and worked to foster consistency by introducing contract facilitators, individual curriculum tracks, and access to post-service TAP. My remarks will focus on these three areas.    First, the VFW generally agrees with the shift to contract facilitators, freeing up local resources to serve veterans. However, the shift has had some unintended consequences and the VFW encourages striking a proper balance on contract facilitation and local need. The VFW also recognizes that the military has made a significant investment in TAP in anticipation of the current military draw down. More transitioning servicemembers require more staff and more classroom space. As DoD seeks to meet this demand we must not forget that VSOs still play a critical role in transition. To assist in the process the VFW has professional staff on more than a dozen military installations with plans to expand.    Our staff provides free assistance to servicemembers seeking to file for VA disability benefits prior to separation. To do so we rely on our military hosts and TAP for access and support. Outgoing Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel recognized this in his recent memo to installation commanders, which outlines how they should provide for VSOs that deliver VA accredited, face-to-face services to transitioning servicemembers. Adherence to this memo is critical to the VFW as we see a correlation between exposure and access and the number of servicemembers seeking representation. We see fewer claims on installations where our access is limited, despite the increase in those leaving the military.    Next, the VFW applauds the hard work of the contract VA briefing facilitators, many of whom are recently transitioned veterans. However, we question why the contract leaves such little flexibility to adapt to local needs. We encourage VA and the subcommittee to review the contract and offer flexibility to reintegrate local resources like VSOs and reasonably adapt the curriculum to suit the audience.    Next, we must ensure consistent access to the new TAP tracks, as well as consistent delivery of timely and relevant training. During VFW's recent visits to our staff on military bases we spoke with those responsible for implementing TAP. They acknowledge that the training is a marked improvement and were grateful for the significant recent investment in the program, however they worried that unit commanders still struggle to see the value in allowing their personnel to participate. Sadly, this was not an isolated issue. Though TAP is now a commander's program the VFW worries that DoD lacks mechanisms to hold commanders accountable. This requires a significant cultural shift, one that is unlikely to happen during the current draw down. So in an effort to mitigate this concern the VFW encouraged DoD to make the curriculum accessible online. DoD complied, allowing servicemembers to complete the training through their secure JKO accounts. However, transitioning servicemembers still have no reasonable way to anticipate the specific challenges they will face after leaving the military. The simplest solution would be for DoD to finalize its information sharing agreement with the Department of Labor, offering workforce agencies access to the names of veterans returning to their communities. But the agreement is once again delayed. This is unacceptable and we encourage Congress to act on it.    Finally, we must continue to invest in the post-service availability of TAP. Over the past two years DoL worked with its contractors in West Virginia, Georgia, and Washington to facilitate 23 workshops as part of the Off Base Transition Training, or OBTT pilot program. Some workshops were more successful than others, with West Virginia experiencing the most success thanks to support from the National Guard. OBTT was very cost effective, costing only $52,000 for the entire pilot. Through large scale community based TAP classes, OBTT serves veterans who otherwise would not have had access to the material or who could only rely on the, or could only receive the information by meeting one on one with an employment counselor. The VFW believes it is more cost effective to leverage the current TAP contract to facilitate large training sessions like OBTT before veterans meet one on one with counselors at American job centers. This way when veterans seek out services they are prepared to have a constructive meeting to find a job. OBTT expired this month and DoL will not have information on outcomes for another year. As we wait for final data on OBTT the VFW believes that Congress should at least extend the pilot, offering cost effective services to more veterans who need it.    Veterans can also access all the new TAP modules via a public facing website offered in joint venture by DoD and Department of Labor. The VFW believes this is a game changer for veterans. However, to improve the site the VFW recommends allowing veterans to navigate directly to modules they need and offering links to the participant guides. DoL should also track traffic to the site to identify trends and shortcomings in the Transition Assistance Program. These minor improvements would allow veterans to use the public facing site as an easy reference guide.    TAP is undergoing an amazing revolution and the VFW thanks everyone involved for their continued hard work on this project. However, we know that there are places that we can improve. With the current military draw down it is critical to ensure the future success of our war fighters and we look forward to working with this subcommittee on ways to make sure that we succeed in that mission. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the committee, this concludes my testimony. I am happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Gallucci. Well, thank you for the question. I do want to clarify one point. We support further integration of DVOPs and LVERs in the transition process overall. However, given the scope of the training that Department of Labor needs to deliver or that Department of Defense needs to deliver to transitioning servicemembers, that the way to go is through contract facilitation. The reason behind this is because through the TAP mandate in talking to the transition centers at major military installations, they are constantly running classes, five days a week, 48 to 50 weeks a year. So the problem is if you had DVOPs and LVERs still facilitating the training they would have absolutely no time to work in their communities to identify job opportunities or work face to face with veterans who require their services.    That being said, when we spoke to some of those responsible for transition management, their concern was that the contract facilitators did not necessarily integrate local resources into the Transition Assistance Program at all. So there was not really an opportunity for an LVER or a DVOP to come in and brief military personnel or make themselves available. These may have been isolated to a handful of military installations but it is something that we would want to look into to make sure that we are not losing that community connection that Colonel Sutherland stressed is so important.    Mr. Gallucci. Our understanding is they do not readily have that information at the moment. And that this is, this is being able to gather the information from these transition points and then distribute it to workforce development agencies that have, DVOPs and LVERs that have employment counselors who are able to deliver services directly to the veterans. This is something that Department of Labor first brought to our attention in 2012, that they were working to codify a formal agreement with Department of Defense. There have been several implementation points that have been missed. The most recent that I am aware of is September of 2014, they were supposed to have an agreement implemented by, well like end of September, October 1, 2014. And that time lapsed and so that is really where we are at the moment.    Ms Rice. What are, so what would you think is the reason for the lack of desire to use contract facilitators that you were referring to before, given the limited ability of DVOP and LVERs?    Mr. Gallucci. As far as a reluctance to use contract----    Ms Rice. Well is there, what is the issue?    Mr. Gallucci. I do not think there is. I think there is a concern, though, that local resources may not have as much of a presence in the Transition Assistance Program that they had before. So before they went to, before Department of Labor went to contract facilitators it was usually DVOPs or LVERs who conducted the training, who conducted the Department of Labor briefing for the TAP program. When they went to contract facilitation a lot of the DVOPs and LVERs were not able to participate in the TAP program at the level they used to and it was contract facilitation on all military installations so they are delivering the three-day Employment Workshop and DVOPs and LVERs would be integrated in other ways into the program. So that is the concern that we have heard from some DVOPs and LVERs.    Our stance, from the VFW's perspective, contract facilitation has to be the way to go given the scalability of the task of training everyone who is leaving the military. There would be, there is no reasonable way to expect JVSG grant recipients to continue to deliver that training given the scope of investment that we have made in the program.    Ms Rice. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gallucci. Madam Titus, thank you for the question. I think we can--there is a little bit of insight that the VFW has on this issue. So, first, there were a couple of memoranda that the Department of Defense put out very recently, the outgoing Secretary of Defense Hagel put out, about base access for nonprofit organizations, organizations that serve veterans. One was for organizations like The American Legion and the VFW who provide VA accredited disability claim service. The other is for organizations to conduct events on the installation. What that was is to clarify how you can make that happen. This may be something that UNLV can take a look at if they are having problems integrating into that system.    We heard these issues a lot from who has access and who doesn't have access to the TAP program, but I do want to say that there is a lot of innovation going on out there from what I have seen from the transition managers. The Department of Defense deserves a lot of credit for the men and women that they hire to manage their Transition Assistance Programs. They do integrate a lot of community resources beyond the scope of what we have mandated through the mandatory portion of TAP.    For instance, out at Fort Lewis they have a lot of local employers that they integrate into the transition process. Fort Bragg has hiring events that are beyond hiring affairs; it is prescreened servicemembers who have resumes ready to go who have met with employers and then they just do interviews and they find jobs on the spot. There has been a lot of innovation, but I think one of the problems is consistency across the board or sharing of these good ideas; they are not identifying resources in those communities.    Beyond that, as far as preparing servicemembers to make educational choices, there is something that I hit on in my testimony about the career technical track and the higher education track, and this actually speaks to what Ranking Member Takano was concerned about. In the career technical track there is an in-depth discussion about the difference in accreditation, what the model of a school is: for profit, nonprofit, career, education, and so on. There is not much of that in the higher education track and in many ways, they are complimentary, but a servicemember who doesn't have reasonable access to all the tracks or knows where to look for this information may not find it.    And I think that speaks to what Chairman Wenstrup wants to see with mandating the education track and mandating other components of TAP.    Mr. Gallucci. That is an interesting question. OBTT was something the VFW and our partners in the veterans community really pushed for back in 2012 and we were happy to see it pass. But when it was implemented it probably could have been done with better community coordination. Now, recognizing the Department of Labor had very scant resources with which to implement the program, but I think the philosophy the VFW has behind supporting this is that when a veteran goes to an American Job Center to meet one-on-one with either an employment counselor or a DVOP, that is not the time to answer your general questions; it is a better use of that advisor's time if you are ready to seek out a job.    So if you have large-scale briefings like we do with the Transition Assistance Program on bases, you get a good baseline of information and then when you are ready for that one-on-one meeting, you go to that one-on-one meeting prepared to do work. We do the same thing with our disability claims assistance on military installations. So we rely on the contracted staff that VA provides to deliver the framework that you would need to know about the disability claims process. Where we fall into it is you schedule an appointment with one of our disability claims representatives and they go through your medical records; they help you fill out the paperwork; they take your power of attorney; and you file the claim from there.    So that is the kind of interaction that we think could be fostered through OBTT is delivering resources at the right time in the community to the veterans and then when they seek out services, one-on-one services in an American Job Center, they are ready to find a job.