    Ms. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Milholland, it has been almost 4 years since the committee launched its investigation of the IRS, and to date IRS has produced more than 1.3 million pages of documents from 88 custodians in response to over 80 document and information requests. According to the information I have, on June the 3rd, 2015, the IRS' senior privacy official testified before this committee. Is that you, Mr. Killen? Is that you?    Ms. Watson Coleman. Okay, thank you. Well, let me read to you what was said. ``More than 250 IRS employees have spent more than 160,000 hours working directly on complying with investigations at a cost of $20 million, which also includes the cost of adding capacity to our limited information technology systems to accommodate the voluminous information requests.'' And that figure does not include that at least $2 million additional have been spent by the inspector general. Mr. Milholland, what sort of capacity has been added to the IRS information technology system in order to accommodate this information and this investigation?    Ms. Watson Coleman. Do you have the resources and the personnel to be able to accommodate this effort?    Ms. Watson Coleman. You have made some improvements because you were able to detect some suspicious behavior most recently in the system. And you do not have any reason to believe that that was anything terrorist related or anything of that nature or ----    Ms. Watson Coleman. Mm-hmm.    Ms. Watson Coleman. After Mr. Maruca's file was detected, after there was this belief that it did not exist and then you found out that you had a backup to it, you all have done something that would ensure that this problem does not occur in the future until you can take care of it in a more technologically savvy way? You have made decisions that no information gets erased until after something happens, right? Until after what happens, and when would that happen?    Ms. Watson Coleman. Well, to whomever can answer it.    Ms. Watson Coleman. Well, if the deputy commissioner is the one that should answer it, I am fine with that. Thank you.    Ms. Watson Coleman. So minimally, would you say that you have a future desire to hold this information as long as we are responsible as citizens to hold our information at 7 years, that incredible 7 years that we are talking about, or is there something other that you all would be presenting?    Ms. Watson Coleman. Mr. Killen?    Ms. Watson Coleman. Erase.    Mr. Killen.--sanitize existing hardware, ensuring that we have copies that are in place on the machines. But we are, in addition to that, we have put a process in place for our senior-most Agency officials throughout IRS at the executive level because those are the individuals most likely to create Federal records. And so, we have an approach that we have implemented called the Capstone approach to ensure that we maintain and appropriately archive those records of our senior-most officials. At the same time, we are currently in the process of implementing a plan for December 2016 where all IRS employees' email accounts will be archived electronically. And that is per directives that we have ----    Ms. Watson Coleman. Thank you, Mr. Killen.