    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. Thank you, Chief, for your testimony today, it is certainly interesting to see the breadth of issues that we have in all the diverse States. As you know, I represent Maine which is in New England, and we have very little presence of public lands. We are fortunate that we have more water than drought, so we are not one of the States that are so deeply affected by the fires. But I do appreciate the challenges that you are dealing with, and I hope that one of the things that we can tackle on this committee is to have that funding be more stabilized so the rest of the funding that many of us care about is better available to us and certainly more predictable.    Sorry I have to go to another hearing, and I will give you a few questions for the record. But I will just quickly ask you about a very different kind of issue that I think the Forest Service has been handling well in terms of the back and forth, and that is the northern long-eared bat. We have a lot of forest in our State, and we have a lot of timber harvesting, but it is, of course, all private land.    This has been a big concern for the Forest Service, Fish and Wildlife, as well as our timber harvesters. We are particularly concerned that you are able to maintain the balance of dealing with the private landowners, the small landowners, the loggers themselves. As you know, this is an issue where the bat has been troubled by White-nose syndrome, the fungal disease, so there was some question about whether they would be listed as endangered. And the Wildlife Service has listed them as threatened, which gives a little bit more wiggle room. I know some of that was controversial as there were those who wanted it to be endangered, but this gives us a little bit of a middle ground in that you are now working on a tag and release program that is currently level funded.    I just want to talk a little bit about that because what is critically important in my State is that we continue to ensure this coordination with the local wood lot owners. If you could briefly tell us about how you are doing as a result of that 2015 study that you did, how you worked with other agencies, particularly Fish and Wildlife. Will you be able to continue to fund this work under the budget request for forest and rangeland research at last year's level? And just how will you continue that cooperation since white-nose syndrome is one of the things that we certainly hear about from our landowners?    Ms. Pingree. Absolutely, and I appreciate your saying that because you are right. In our case, it is not the pressure from the Federal government or the publicly owned land, but it is very important to people in our State and in the region that much of this land continues to be able to be harvested, or timber, or pulpwood, or a variety of uses. And development pressure is certainly growing in our area.    I think when you look at a map of the East Coast, you see all the bright lights and you finally get to northern Maine and you see a little bit of darkness. And that means that we have some of the last preserved forests, but that will only stay there if people are able to make it economically viable for those communities. We appreciate your moderation in this and the ability to work with you, so thank you.    I yield back.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for your work and for your presentation here today.    I want to just talk briefly, too, about the opioid epidemic. It seems like virtually every committee I sit on has had to have a hearing on opioid issues, and it is certainly a challenge that all of us face in our States across the country. And people see it really at a crisis level. But it is certainly a big challenge within the tribes as well.    I come from the State of Maine, and the Penobscot Nation is one of the eight tribes throughout Indian Country to receive funding for a grant. It was the Department of Justice Coordinated Tribal Assistance Program, and they were able to have a healing-wellness court. That CTAS grant will end, and that will be too bad because that has been a real asset in terms of getting people through the court system and right into treatment. The lack of the grants is going to be exacerbated by the fact that there are insufficient facilities to treat people with the opioid crisis.    In our State, often to find an in-patient bed, people have to travel as far away as North Carolina, and so many of these issues we have been talking about, the importance of being close to your community, to your family. So I know that the substance abuse budget, the request is for an increase from $114 million to $140, and I know that would be very helpful.    But I guess I would like to hear you talk a little bit about will any of those funds that you are requesting support increase access to in-patient treatment for adults? And can you talk a little bit about the current status for in-patient care for substance abuse treatment, and how budget increases to contract health services might help in this area.    Ms. Pingree. I appreciate that you are taking a comprehensive look because I think you are right. In most communities people have been concerned about the over prescribing of pain medication. Then certainly in many of the areas of the country like we have in New England, as physicians tighten up on pain medications, you have a lot of people who are previously addicted, less expensive heroin moves right in. That has really become a challenging issue, and it certainly is in my State and I know in a lot of other places.    So having a physician involved in that role, but then figuring out what to do. And as we all know, these are very powerful addictions. So for many people, the only option that will be helpful is going to be an inpatient recovery program. It is good that doctors are better at dealing with the issue or that there is some medication assisted treatment. But in the end, I know we will continue to ask you that question about how in a State like mine that does not have sufficient facilities, do we manage that, and if there is an increase in your budget, is there a way to have more in-patient treatment. So in our State people do not have to travel so far away or wait so long for beds because, as you know, there is sometimes a moment that you can get someone into treatment, and if they have to wait a long time then it is not a possibility a month later, or sometimes they are not with us a month later. We certainly hear from our tribal leaders that that is a huge challenge.    Hopefully there will be an increase in your budget, and hopefully we will see and others will see that there is better access. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Pingree. That is great. That is very important, too. Thank you.    Ms. Pingree. No.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you, Mr. Chair. Again, I appreciate your being here today, and just one brief question here. Maybe you have talked a little bit about this, but I do not think so, about the coordination with SAMHSA. As I understand, in 2014 they created an Office of Tribal Affairs. I am just curious about how you work with them. We have talked a lot about behavioral health issues, how the collaboration with them works. Are they informed by the Indian Health Service? Are you informed by them? Just what that relationship is like and how you benefit from it.    Ms. Pingree. Great.    Ms. Pingree. That is good to hear. Thank you.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you very much, Mr. Chair. Secretary Jewell, thank you for your work. Thank you for everyone who is with you here today, and we certainly do appreciate the big challenges that come before your Department and the great work you have been doing with them. I am just going to take up one issue right now, and it is not as big as drought and wildfires and some of the economic challenges that people have been addressing.    But I want to say in the context of the fact that we really appreciate the parts of your budget that are calling attention to and asking for funding around climate change. I just think many of us hearing back from our States about the impacts of climate change, and certainly in mine with so many lobstermen and fishermen. They are worried about ocean acidification and rising sea levels, and movement of the some of the species of our fish because of the warming of the water.    So we have to deal with a lot of those issues as well as our wood lots and small farmers worrying about extreme weather. So I really appreciate the focus that you give to us and helping us to think ahead about how to deal with those challenges.    And one of them that we have seen an increasing problem with is the incidence of Lyme disease. My understanding is that there are 30,000 cases a year. Lyme is the sixth most common disease reported to the CDC even though we do not talk about or hear about it much, and it is the most common vector-borne disease. The CDC has said in 2013 it is probably getting reports only for about 10 percent of infections, so in reality that number is probably higher.    Now, my State, it could have a huge economic impact. We call it our vacation land, and we are proud of many of the other activities that go on in our State. Tourism is a big issue, and the more people hear about tick-borne diseases, the more they are affected by it, and the more challenging some of the vector-borne diseases become, less easy to cure, more long lasting. We want to know everything we can and do everything that we can about protecting the outdoors in Maine.    Your budget calls for $2 billion in mandatory spending for a coastal climate resilience program, which I am very eager to see. I think in your discretionary budget there are also various areas where work by the National Park Service and USGS are trying to address this need. But just going beyond signage and public awareness campaigns, I think we really need to work to know more on tick eradication. I am very excited about the work that is being done by the National Wildlife Help Center at     So just if you want to discuss that a little. I do not know how familiar you are with this, but the budget does include $4 million, an increase from 2016, to $39 for the National Wildlife Service Center and climate science centers. Can you tell me a little bit about how that increase will be used to further the work being done around how wildlife and their habitats are being affected by ticks and tick-borne pathogens? That is also an issue for many regions besides mine.    When the ticks become devastating to wildlife population, sometimes eradicating them all together, sometimes having a huge impact on hunting opportunities in those States. And how does this work fit into some of the overall missions and goals with Interior on understanding climate change and its impact?    Ms. Pingree. I think that would be helpful, because, we have to address it when we are back in our home State, and people are always asking us, how is the Federal government helping? We do not have enough resources in our own State. So, to be able to provide a few more details would be useful.    Also, just to reinforce that your request for additional funding is something I certainly support, and I hope that we can continue to enhance this because I think, I am talking about one tiny little problem like a tick. But it could have a huge impact on a lot of States like mine, and it is just one of many things I think we are going to continue to see as we deal with some of these climate change issues.    So thank you. Thanks for your time. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Ms. Pingree. Thank you again, Mr. Chair. Thank you for your time in front of the committee and answering such a wide diversity of questions. I just want to talk a little bit plants in the Park Service.    As you know, I know you have been to Maine, and I think you visited Acadia National Park. This is our centennial as well as the Parks, so it is a very exciting year. And we appreciated Ranking Member McCollum has been able to visit us. We are hoping maybe the chair and other committee members can come to one of the most spectacular, most visited parks in the country and enjoy our lobster dinner, which is coincident with visiting the park. They pretty much just walk up to you when visiting. It is the simple things.    I just want to talk briefly. We talk about so many important parts of our spectacularly beautiful national parks, but one thing we do concern ourselves with are native plants and flowers. I know you are increasingly concerned about invasive species and the questioned presence of the emerald ash borer and the variety of other things that can interfere with keeping our native plants strong and present.    About a quarter of Acadia's flora is non-native, and 25 species in the park are listed as rare. So if you would just talk briefly about the National Park Service program for native plant restoration in our National Research Stewardship Budget. Can you tell us a little bit about how you work on this effort, where you have had success stories in reversing some of the challenges of species lost, and the importance of species in our ecosystem overall.    Ms. Pingree. Great, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chair.