    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Mr. King. Thank you for presiding at this time.    Let me thank the Ranking Member for her presence and leadership on these very important issues.    First of all, let me welcome Mr. Cohen. We've spent a lot of good time together. Thank you for enormous leadership on any number of important issues.    Ms. Jackson Lee. You know, I was--I was just--I have a question for the professor, and I was just listening by way of my staff of the overall view of the gentleman that are, I think, to your left or right but sitting alongside of you, and I thought I would pull out the 14th Amendment and read it as I had interpreted it. And it has not been contravened, I don't believe. And that is--and Mr. Cohen, you can just shake your head. I'm not going to come to you right, but I wanted you to be prepared where I'm going. Is that 14th Amendment has the issue of naturalized--the 14th Amendment has the issue--I mean, I'm not coming to you right now, but I'm laying the prep--a sort of a groundwork for the question.    The 14th Amendment has all persons born or naturalized in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction are citizens. But it goes on to say that individuals have due process rights. There is an argument at the table here as to whether or not undocumented visa holders are under the jurisdiction. I think that question fails to their--to their loss because we have due process rights, whether you are statused or not, and you are subject to police jurisdiction for sure and the ability to be arrested for a variety of things beyond your status, or to press charges or a number of things that are jurisdictional and then just subject to the jurisdiction of the laws of this land.    But let me--I'll come to you, Mr. Cohen. I just wanted you to be prepared of what my thinking is. I wanted to raise this question with Professor Graglia. In the law review article that you attach to your testimony, you wrote that Wong Kim Ark decision to adopt the English common law rule for citizenship argues against birthright citizenship for the children of undocumented immigrants. This follows, you said, from the Supreme Court's recognition that under common law, children of alien enemies born during and within their hostile occupation of a country do not obtain citizenship in the occupied country.    Do you think a student who overstays his visa is an enemy of the United States, is number one? When a mother who was previously deported, reenters the country unlawfully to join her husband and children, is she part of an invading army? Is she engaged in a hostile occupation of our land? Occasionally we hear people refer to the act of illegal immigration as an invasion. John Tanton, who essentially founded the modern anti-immigrant movement, has a long history of racist and nativist remarks, wrote a book 20 years ago called ``The Immigration Invasion.''    Do you similarly believe that people who enter the country legally are for all intents and purposes invading our country? Did you get all three of those, Mr.--Professor Graglia?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Do you think a student who overstays his visa is an enemy of the United States?    Ms. Jackson Lee. That overstays his visa is an enemy of the United States?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Do you think a mother who is coming back to be with her family and was deported, do you think that she is--invades a hostile occupation of the land?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I appreciate you saying that you don't believe that.    And, then, do you believe that individuals who come back into the country after being deported, who are seeking to be with their family, do you believe that they are invading our country?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well, I'm glad. I agree with you, it sounds very silly.    Ms. Jackson Lee. That's why I want to go to Mr. Cohen.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I--I want to make the record clear that you don't believe that these are hostile invaders.    May I go to Mr. Cohen, please.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, professor.    Let me go to you, Mr. Cohen. You know the 14th Amendment is reminiscent of a bad history in the United States, one of slavery. And, certainly, we know this is the 150th year of the 13th Amendment.    But how would you answer any legitimate reason or basis to take away a birthright from an individual born in the United States on the basis of the 14th Amendment and, also, our right to due process?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So our Constitution, then, really supports the policy which this question asks, Is that citizenship birthright a right policy? I could----    Ms. Jackson Lee . Answer it any other way but yes.    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank you. I thank the gentlemen, and I yield back. Thank you very much.