    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Congratulations, Dr. King, on your nomination. I wish you an expeditious path through that process.    I know today is budget and tomorrow is Every Student Succeeds Act. But I want to for a moment follow up on Ms. Wilson's comments about the Student Support and Academic Enrichment Grant program. You know, we authorized $1.65 billion for these formula block grants, but the Department budget requests only about a third of that amount and also proposes making the grants competitive. The distribution formula was designed to protect against some of the concerns of consolidating programs. So I'm concerned about that.    So I have a two-part question. First, can you talk about the disruption that could be caused by making these grants competitive? There's a lot of potential from these formula grants to sustain meaningful changes.    And second, I appreciate the challenges of designing a budget that adequately funds programs. But I must tell you, I'm currently circulating a letter to my colleagues urging their support in an attempt to fully fund this program at its authorized level. So are you confident that these additional dollars, if we are successful in that request, will be put to good use in our local school districts?    So the concern about the disruption and will these dollars be put to good use. And I do want to save time for a higher ed question quickly.    Ms. Bonamici. I appreciate that. We've seen -- I've seen over my years, though, that the competitive grant process oftentimes puts smaller rural districts and underfunded districts at a disadvantage.    Moving on to higher education, first in response to Mr. Salmon's comments on student loans, I want to remind him that Congress, we, set the interest rate. So I know my side of aisle's certainly willing to work with him and all of you on that side of the aisle to lower those rates so that the Federal Government isn't profiting off of repayment.    So I also, like you, had student loans. I worked my way through college. And last Congress I introduced the Opportunities for Success Act, I'll be reintroducing, to provide resources for low-income college students to participate in meaningful internships. So I'm really interested in the President's budget proposal for directing workstudy aid to students most in need. So if you could address that.    And also I wanted to mention a bipartisan effort I'm leading to give student loan borrowers the option to have their income information automatically certified for income-based repayment plans. And my hope is that the Department will work with my office and the IRS to make it easier for borrowers to choose to have their loan payments automatically based on their income.    So can you talk about your commitment to this effort, please, as well as that workstudy aid issue?    Ms. Bonamici. Okay. I look forward to working with you. Thank you.    Yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.