    Mr. Crusan. Mr. Chairman and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for this opportunity to appear before you today to discuss NASA's plans for development of habitation capabilities for the post-International Space Station era.    As you know, the agency plans to continue ISS operations and utilization through at least 2024. ISS and its successor capabilities are essential to conducting research on human health and performance, testing and demonstration of technologies critical for deep space missions, and expanding our knowledge of space. These activities comprise our Earth-reliant portion of our journey to Mars.    The Space Launch System and Orion crew vehicle now well under development will carry us into the proving ground of cislunar space where our primary goal for human spaceflight is to develop the crew capabilities necessary for long duration transit missions to and from Mars.    The next human exploration capabilities needed beyond SLS and Orion are deep space long-duration habitation and in-space propulsion.    Missions in the proving ground will simulate and test Mars transit systems and operations through limited interaction with Mission Control, limited cargo supply with no crew exchanges, and will culminate with a long-duration crew validation expedition within cislunar space or beyond by the end of the 2020s.    NASA is also actively working on low-Earth transition strategies for the post-ISS era as well and is encouraging the private sector to foster both commercial demand and supply for LEO services. This will allow NASA to focus its resources on the agency's primary goal to expand human presence into the solar system and to Mars consistent with Presidential and Congressional direction.    ISS operations and LEO constitute a foundation for such expansion by performing key research and technology developments required for long-duration deep space missions. In addition to this ISS testing, NASA needs to begin operating at greater distances from Earth to perform deep space testing along with continuing to enable the transition of LEO to private platforms and capabilities.    There are a number of common capabilities that NASA and our partners must develop over the next five to ten years including habitation that we're here to discuss today. Such a capability is the foundation of human spaceflight missions beyond LEO supporting our plans for Mars-class missions of distance and duration.    An effective habitation capability comprises a pressurized volume plus an integrated array of complex systems and components that include docking capabilities, environmental control and life support systems, logistics management, radiation mitigation and monitoring, fire safety technologies, and crew health capabilities.    To support development of habitation capabilities, NASA is leveraging information gathered through its Next Space Technologies for Exploration Partnership, or NextSTEP, broad agency announcements. NextSTEP is a public-private partnership model that seeks commercial development approaches to long-duration deep space capabilities. In NextSTEP phase I, NASA selected 12 awards including seven in the area of habitation. The NextSTEP phase I contractors are performing advanced concept studies and technology development projects. In April of 2016 this year, the agency issued NextSTEP phase II, which is specifically addressing and focusing on the development of long-duration deep space habitation concepts that will result in prototype units. NASA plans to select multiple proposals under this solicitation in August of 2016, this year. And the agency intends to integrate functional systems into our prototype habitat for ground testing in 2018.    Through the NextSTEP effort, NASA and industry are identifying commercial capability developments for LEO that intersect with the agency's long-duration deep space habitation requirements along with any potential options to leverage these identified commercial advances toward meeting NASA's exploration needs while promoting commercial activity in LEO.    NextSTEP is a key aspect of informing the agency's acquisition strategy for its deep space long-duration habitation capability along with any considerations of international partner participation. It is NASA's intent that LEO eventually support private platforms and capabilities enabled by commercial markets, academia, and government agencies with an interest in LEO research and activities while the agency's primary human spaceflight focus shifts towards deep space beyond LEO. Private enterprise and affordable commercial operations in LEO will enable a sustainable step in our expansion into space. A robust, vibrant commercial enterprise with many providers and a wide range of private and public users will enable U.S. industry to support other government and commercial users safely, reliably and affordably.    Mr. Chairman, I would be happy to respond to any questions you or the other members of the Committee may have. Thank you.    Mr. Crusan. So I'll start. Currently, we're doing investments in a couple different areas. First and foremost, the monitoring of events starting with our heliophysics efforts of monitoring the sun on an ongoing basis, then actually figuring out the modeling effects of the transfer from the sun into wherever our spacecraft should be, and then actually doing high-quality monitoring of the actual radiation particles that come when they get there.    All of our studies internal and the ones we're doing under the NextSTEP analysis as well with the commercial folks are looking at optimizing the ability for storm shelters and deployable storm shelters and the integration of things like water walls into crew quarters and such. That helps with your SPE events and such. Galactic cosmic rays are still a challenge, and there isn't any current technology to address the high-energy GCR beyond the ability to monitor it and factor it in the overall dosing that we have, and I'll leave it to my colleagues to add to that.    Mr. Crusan. Yes, no problem. I appreciate the question. One of the key aspects of what we're asking for in our NextSTEP activities with industry is exactly that. We know we need to get to a habitable volume for a transit to and from Mars that's greater than 300 cubic meters in volume. There's many different strategies by which you get to that total volume, though. You could launch it as a one single unit on one single flight. You could incrementally build it over a series of modules during the early 2020s out to the late 2020s. And one of the things we're asking industry to do is help us optimize, how do you split up the individual buildout pieces over that period of time that gets us to the end goal, the larger volume we need, that also still encourages that LEO transition as well, and looking for the optimal piece parts that you would actually come up with for that.    That gets to your second question, is it going to one habitat or multiple habitats. It could be either. We know we need to get to that total volume. One of the lessons learned that we have learned related to the International Space Station and Mir before that is separate habitable volumes is actually extremely valuable for us for the event of emergencies like fire and depressurization. So there will be some semblance of multiple structures that are assembled together that can be isolated from a safety perspective but the actual implementation strategy is what we're exactly studying during this phase of NextSTEP.    Mr. Crusan. In my remarks and in my testimony, I highlighted the two required things for sending humans into deep space. First is habitation, and second is in-space propulsion. The Asteroid Redirect Mission gives us that in-space propulsion aspect that we're looking for. To me, that's the fundamental piece of the Asteroid Redirect Mission along with operating large-scale solar electric propulsion in deep space because that will be the experience that we will need to send cargo into Mars and eventually our crew into Mars as well. So there is a nice synergy between that.    Mr. Crusan. Yes.    Mr. Crusan. We have contracts right now under NextSTEP with four commercial firms: Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Orbital ATK and Bigelow Aerospace. So all four are currently under our phase I activities, and they had an opportunity to move to phase II just like the others and an ability to on-ramp also other organizations beyond the four that we are currently working with.    Mr. Crusan. So there are two aspects that are important, the actual funding of large-scale solar electric propulsion systems from the arrays to the power management systems to the actual thrusters. The other aspect is actually operating a large-scale system such as that in deep space for a prolonged period of time to get a good understanding.    Mr. Crusan. It's an opportunity to test those critical systems.    Mr. Crusan. Yes.    Mr. Crusan. So there's two aspects that we're looking at. You have the habitation systems, the things that which you put inside the habitat--the life support systems, the radiation mitigation, things like logistics and the outfitting. Those are all core systems. And then you have the integrated habitat itself, the actual module or modules that you would like. Both of those are needed to go forward. In fiscal year 2016, we're actually spending in excess of $70 million on habitat systems at the total level, part of that in the integrated capability with industry and part of that also with industry on the habitat systems that are actually going to be inside of that overall capsule or module that we'll be actually building. So we believe we're meeting the intent of that by spending in excess of $70 million on habitat systems and the integrated habitat capability.    Mr. Crusan. In our current budget profile? Yes.    Mr. Crusan. No. So it'll absolutely be a ground prototype, and we look at form, fit and function. Form and fit, obviously we believe we can have high fidelity of those. The level of function is a level of ability to actually build all the various systems, either in a computer model mode or actual physical hardware. So it will have high-fidelity form and fit, and variable fidelity of function, depending on what we see in our proposals actually on phase II.    Mr. Crusan. So as you note, there are multiple strategies that we could go with the final acquisition. In NextSTEP phase II, we require a corporate resource contribution of 30 percent at a minimum eligibility requirement on that procurement, on that solicitation. That is to foster the dual use of whatever habitation systems for deep space are meant for low-Earth orbit for that kind of skin in the game of those procurements. That also allows us the ability for intellectual property related to commercial endeavors in low-Earth orbit to reside with the commercial entities as well.    So going forward into the final acquisition, it could be that one choice we go to a standard cost-plus-type contract or it could be more of a fixed price in certain elements of the contract where there's high alignment with commercial needs. When we talk about a habitat, it could be a subsystem, the entirety of the system. You could think about service modules or small propulsion buses that have high alignment, say, with commercial satellite buses, or the habitat structure be on a fixed-price basis. So it's much more granular when you start dividing the various systems that we could approach. So you wouldn't have to have a single contract methodology for the entirety of the system end to end. You could actually have customized acquisition pieces that match best with the commercial potential of those subsystems, and that's what we're looking at trying to achieve you of this phase II effort is looking at how do you divide a system up in such a way that optimizes the LEO use of components while getting at the deep space needs that we have, and we know there will be incompatibility in a few of those areas, and that's what we're trying to find during the studies.    Mr. Crusan. So one of the things we're looking at is how do you do that sequence of habitation buildout. So part of the NextSTEP analysis with industry here is looking at the ability to co-manifest on SLS and looking at the crew and the ability for habitation elements or habitation modules per se and how would you put those on. Consideration for the EM sequence will have a direct impact on what cargo and what capabilities fly on each of the exploration missions on SLS. That's what we're studying actually with industry.    Mr. Crusan. Depending on the size of the habitat, yes. Technically, there is no reason why you wouldn't put on there. It's an ability of, is that the right first element or do you want to split apart your elements of station-keeping capability or a node or habitat. That's one of the things that we're working with industry, which pieces of those do you sequence first.    Mr. Crusan. So under the NextSTEP phase II, we have the co-manifested option with SLS that people can study and give us options for that. We also have the ability for industry to propose alternative launch vehicle options as well including Delta IV and others, and where we stage that is in deep space, so as long as those vehicles or whatever proposed vehicle that they're talking about can throw a reasonable size volume to cislunar space, then yes, that's an open consideration.