    Mr. Connolly. No. No. I wasn't quite sure what you were looking at.    I thank the chair and the ranking member for putting this on the agenda today. And I want to thank Judge Poe for his leadership. We have been doing this together for a couple of years now and we are so glad to have it.    This bill directs the President to establish monitoring and evaluation guidelines for the 22 Federal agencies charged with implementing development and economic assistance programs abroad, chief among them, of course, USAID. The guidelines will require M&E plans as part of the project development process and agencies will be encouraged to incorporate the findings of project evaluations and impact studies.    Aid programs that are held accountable for their performance and results can be made more effective, as Judge Poe just indicated, and their impact on communities and countries abroad more easily measured. And if we do that, as Judge Poe just said, we can dispel the notion in public polling that, apparently, foreign assistance is 26 percent of the Federal budget, when, of course, it is less than 1 percent.    The U.S. foreign assistance operation does not lack passion. The men and women who put themselves in harm's way in often very remote parts of the globe or take their families to those parts of the world in the interest of helping vulnerable populations certainly aren't seeking glory, fame, or fortune. They do it because they envision a path to prosperity for others even in the most poverty-stricken areas of the world.    While our passion is well defined, our mission and metrics are not. Regarding the mission, I was a staffer on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that wrote the last foreign aid authorization bill passed by Congress back in 1986. In that time, we had, like, five principal goals. Today, we have 260.    And the mission is not clear. The mission statement just a year ago for USAID read: ``USAID accelerates human progress in developing countries by reducing poverty, advancing democracy, building market economies, promoting security, responding to crises, and improving quality of life. Working with governance institutions and civil society, we assist individuals to build their own futures by mobilizing the full range of American public and private resources through our expert presence overseas.'' That is not a clear mission.    So I am hopeful, Mr. Chairman, this bill will help focus--refocus--U.S. foreign assistance programs in a more efficacious way. And I am proud to call myself a cosponsor of this legislation and am, again, grateful for Judge Poe for his leadership. I yield back.