    Secretary Pritzker. Absolutely. First of all, Chairman Rogers, Chairman Culberson, Ranking Member Honda, and the Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to lay out the priorities for the President Obama's fiscal year 2017 budget request for the Department of Commerce.    Building on your strong support over the last 3 years, this request will enable the Department of Commerce to serve as an effective voice for business in the Federal Government; continue our work with the private sector on policy development; and help firms of all sizes enter new markets.    Our fiscal year 2017 budget request provides $9.7 billion in discretionary funding to support our core priorities under our open-for-business agenda, while also allowing us to make our department more efficient.    This agenda is focused on four key priorities--promoting trade and investment; spurring innovation and entrepreneurship; gathering and acting on environmental intelligence; and fueling a data-driven economy. Today I want to highlight just a few key initiatives under each of these areas.    First, the budget request will enable our department to better serve American businesses as they seek to access the 96 percent of potential customers who live beyond our borders. Increasing trade and investment is critical to growing our economy. Nearly 10 million U.S. jobs are supported by exports.    This budget request will allow us to expand the footprint of our foreign trade specialists to help American companies navigate exporting into new markets. It will strengthen our team's ability to enforce trade laws that protect U.S. industries from unfair trade practices, and ensure foreign governments' compliance with the international trade agreements. We are also requesting funding to expand Select USA, the first ever whole of government effort to facilitate business investment to and within the United States.    Second, the budget request will also increase investment in the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation, which was established to ensure America's global leadership in manufacturing.    Each institute has a unique focus, but a common goal: to create, showcase, and bring new made-in-America capabilities in manufacturing processes from lab to market in the near term. The Department of Commerce oversees the network of the seven existing institutes, and we have the unique authority to establish new institutes in technologies areas selected by industry.    Another key piece of our agenda is ensuring that communities and businesses have the information they need to prosper in a changing environment. This budget request supports the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's core missions that promote more resilient communities, including fostering healthy marine resources, and improving forecasting accuracy, and lead times for severe weather.    To ensure NOAA retains a robust observational infrastructure, the budget also provides $2.3 billion to fully fund the next generation of weather and environmental satellites, including the Polar Follow On Satellite Program.    Finally, recognizing that data powers the 21st century economy, the census bureau is committed to achieving a 2020 census that is both accurate and efficient, with the goal of keeping the per household cost below that of the 2010 Decennial Census.    Investing wisely now in preparation for the 2020 census will potentially save American taxpayers more than $5 billion. To achieve these savings, this request provides a $1.6 billion to develop, test, and implement the innovative design methods.    The fiscal year 2017 budget request furthers priority programs that have a strong return on investment for American taxpayers. Ultimately, these priorities are only a small piece of the Commerce department's work to develop and implement policies that support economic growth, enhance our country's competitiveness, and strengthen America's businesses both at home and abroad.    I look forward to answering your questions today, and thank you for having me.    Secretary Pritzker. Mr. Chairman, first of all, let me start with the fundamental premise I think you and I agree on, which is the stability and security of the Internet, and the domain name system is of paramount importance.    The Department intends, you know, a rigorous review of the IANA transition proposal, which we have not received a proposal yet. When we think about the proposal, we believe that there are a number of issues that would be absolutely paramount for us to even consider any kind of transition.    First, a system would have to support and enhance a multi-stakeholder model.    Second, it would have to maintain the security, stability, and resiliency of the Internet's domain name system.    Third, it would need to meet the needs of our global customers.    And, finally, it would have to ensure that we would have an open and free Internet.    And as it relates to ICANN itself, the governance of ICANN would have to be structured in a way that there could be no government leadership of that organization. So we share that fundamental principle.    There is no transition anticipated before the end of this fiscal year. We are expecting to see a plan proposal in mid-March, and, of course, when we receive that plan we will work very closely with Congress throughout that entire process.    Secretary Pritzker. I understand----    Secretary Pritzker . I understand the language that has been put in appropriations. And so what we are going to do is receive a plan and then we will talk with you about it.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, the domain name system and cyber security are two different issues. As it relates to cyber security, that is a paramount importance to the entire administration, it is something that we have been working very carefully and very closely on.    For our department, one of the things that we have done is really make sure that we have installed the Einstein 3A system, run by the Department of Homeland Security, throughout our entire department to protect ourselves. And I am happy to talk more about each bureau and what they are doing.    Secretary Pritzker. We are not looking to have a role of foreign governments. That is--forgive me--when I talk about the multi-stakeholder process, it is a process where it is not lead by governments but instead lead by the stakeholders in the Internet community.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, first of all, I want to thank the committee for their support of the role of NIST in helping to set up the network as well as to authorize us to do our very first institute at the Department of Commerce.    You gave us $5 million for coordination which we are setting up the advance manufacturing national program office. And we, in fact, completed a review of all of the network, an annual report of the network, as well as we produced a strategy which we have recently distributed to all of you for what the network intends to accomplish.    You know, the successes of the seven existing institutes vary depending upon their age, the oldest being about three years old. I went and I have actually visited three of them myself. If you take the oldest, which is in Youngstown, Ohio, that does 3D printing, it is extraordinary what is happening there. It is, in fact, not just extraordinary what is happening there, it is a really by virtue of your creating the network, what is happening in other parts of the country, for example, in Texas, in 3D printing is really amazing.    So they started with 60 different participants, and today they have somewhere about 140. The institute in Youngstown, Ohio, has now partnered with University of Texas in El Paso, to--because El Paso has the greatest number of 3D printers. My point is, what you all are funding and are seeding with taxpayer dollars, I am a huge fan as a private sector person of this program, because as Congressman Honda said, most of the institutes are funded with some taxpayer dollars, the minimum requirement a 1 to 1 match, most are matched much more than 1 to 1 by the private sector, local government, and the universities, and the education partners.    It is also not just a big company game, but, in fact, I spent--I talked with one small business who is making some of the powders that are used in additive manufacturing. They said we never would have had the gumption to build a new $70 million plant to create these additive materials if this institute had not been created. I am simply giving you the example of one, I mean I could go chapter and verse on these things, but we do not have time today.    In terms of the role of academics, it is really critical that the private sector and the academia partner together because the academic world is really great at research, but often you need some help to go from research to market, that is the whole goal of the NNMIs. And they are playing an absolutely important role in doing the primary research, but they need the catalysts to the private sector to get those potential products out of the laboratory into the marketplace.    Seed funding is essential. I talked to--in each of the venues that I visited, the leadership in those communities told me we would never have come together organically, but it was the Federal government's wisdom to do these programs that was a catalyst for us to bring together. It is not just in one local city, they bring together regions and then now are partnering in different parts of the country. It is very exciting what you all have unleashed, and I think it is, you know, an extraordinary public/private partnership.    Secretary Pritzker. I think that is a really good point, and I think if we map that and then follow it over several years, you will see then the role of the network is to expand. So the 3D printing is not just in Youngstown, Ohio, but it is in Texas and in other places, or you take composite materials----    Secretary Pritzker . Or the different--the seven or eight different----    Secretary Pritzker. Exactly. For everybody.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, in our budget, we have asked for $22 million to do--you authorized us to do at least one institute, last year we asked for additional funding so that we could do at least another institute. And the first one that we are working on, we have just put out the FFO. And what is unique, if you recall me saying in my opening comments, is we at the Department of Commerce for our advanced manufacturing institutes, the private sector will determine the technology that we choose to fund, which I think is different than Department of Energy or Department of Defense where they are picking the technologies. And then what we are asking for in our budget is the ability to grow the number of institutes.    When you talk about the $2 billion of mandatory funding going forward, that is over a ten year period, and it is to stand up 27 institutes. That is what we had put in the budget.    Secretary Pritzker. Do you want me to answer?    The Chairman. Please.    Secretary Pritzker. Yes, Mr. Chairman, first of all, I share your concern about the steel industry and the effects that unfair trade is having on communities throughout our country.    First, the money, thank you very much for the additional resources in fiscal year 2016. I think the goal is to hire 37 additional enforcement officers. We have our pedal to the metal to try and get these folks on board. It is a very, very high priority for us because we have--on our anti-dumping and countervailing duty efforts, we have over 300 orders in place, of which 149 relate to steel products. So this is a huge problem.    In fiscal year 2015, there were 62 anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations initiated, of which about 40 were related to steel. And that is the highest number of cases we have had in any one year in the last 15 years. So we are seeing what your communities are feeling, and we are reacting as quickly as we can, we thank you with the additional resources to address these challenges.    The other thing that we are doing is--a couple things I want you to know that personally I have been doing. We hold the joint JCCT meeting with the Chinese. In November, I personally raised this with the vice premier about the dumping that is coming from China and the over capacity that exists in their country. I talked to a number of their economic officers as well.    We are now--and the vice premier has agreed, we are going to have a JCCT steel--say that three times fast--JCCT steel dialog is coming up in May, as well we are having--have, we are working in the OECD with our trading partners on steel over capacity.    So we are working on a multi-lateral level, at a bilateral level, we are doing our enforcement with as much of the resources that you have given us. It is very troubling what is happening to our steel industry. And steel capacity globally needs to be reduced.    And the other thing that we are doing--and I have spoken with the CEOs of a number of our steel producers--is to work to make sure that we have complete information as to what is happening so that when cases are brought, we can be as thorough as possible in prosecuting them.    The Chairman. Time is of the essence.    Secretary Pritzker. It absolutely is. I could not agree with you more, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. People are getting laid off every day, and these companies are closing down. And unless something is done rather quickly, you are not going to have a steel industry in the United States of America.    Secretary Pritzker. I am very worried about it. We are using all the resources that we have, we are very focused on the tools that we have in our tool chest.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    Secretary Pritzker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Pritzker. Chairman Culberson, what we do is really several things when it comes to enforcement. First thing we do is--writ large and then I will talk about steel--is work with companies with whatever trade barriers that they are facing.    In the case of steel, this is working with the Chinese to say you need to cut capacity. And, you know, the challenge will be, will they cut capacity fast enough to have our steel industry be able to survive? They have cut it some, but it is not fast enough at this stage. So there is the working with them.    There is our anti-dumping and countervailing duty effort, which is where we basically assess the situation and then if there is found to be dumping, and/or unfair subsidation then we put tariffs and duties on those goods and products. And as I said, fully half of the orders we have outstanding, 149 are on steel products coming in from outside the United States.    And then finally, we support the U.S. trade representative in WTO litigation. Because we are so familiar with working with the companies on their particular issues, we use our expertise to help the U.S. trade rep bring new cases.    And in the customs bill, which you all supported, there is now additional resources in the ITEC, and hopefully through the appropriations, the U.S. trade rep will get another $3 million to continue to pursue more within the WTO context.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, we do it----    Secretary Pritzker. Well----    Secretary Pritzker. Oh, lots. I mean, we have probably--last year I think we did, what, about 40 new tariff cases, or something to that effect. I will get you the exact number because I do not--please do not misquote--I do not want to give you the wrong numbers. But we had more, as I said, more tariff cases last year than we have had in 15 years, and of those, we had 62, to be precise 41 were steel cases. And I think, you know, the vast, vast, vast majority of those we found, you know, where we were--we had to put tariffs in place because there was dumping.    Secretary Pritzker. I am sorry. Yes----    Secretary Pritzker. Thank you, Chairman Culberson.    Secretary Pritzker. We are pursuing this, and I will get you, Chairman Rogers, the exact number of new duties that we put in place over the last 12 months in the steel industry.    Secretary Pritzker. What you have done by giving us additional resources is allowing us to investigate allegations more thoroughly, so that if there is dumping, we can put the duties in place. So we are very focused on this issue.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, thank you very much. You know, as you mentioned, we have about 110 highly skilled employees in your--in the area who support our Hurricane Hunters, and it is very important to us to try and find a solution either at MacDill or in that area because we feel that we might lose 50 percent or more of our highly skilled, trained workforce if we were forced to move.    So, first, we are working close with the Air Force. We are looking at the options. We don't have a specific option right now that I can say we are going this direction or that direction, but what we will do is keep you very much apprised of it. But it is a priority for us to keep our skilled workforce, and so a massive move someplace else is--it would be a real--one, it would be expensive at a time when, as Chairman Culberson said, we are, you know, no one's flush with money.    And two is we have great people and we want to keep our people. So we are trying to figure that out within those parameters. So I have set out the priorities, but I don't have the solution.    Secretary Pritzker. I can't--Congressman, I can't give you the specifics of whether we would spend money on DOD airfield or not. What I would say is the way I would look at this is to say what is the most cost effective solution for the taxpayer?    Recognizing that I do not want to lose the talent that we have because finding new talent, would be a disaster too. I think we have to weigh all those issues. You may know more specifics in terms of what the specific alternatives are. The team is working on it and have committed to get back to me. And as soon as we have our alternatives, we will work closely with you to make sure you understand how we are thinking about it.    Secretary Pritzker. Congressman, we agree with using third-party data, and we think it can help improve our stock assessments. And so our fiscal year 2016 priority has been to do, for example, red snapper evaluation, that is where we started and began.    So one of the things I think March 2 and 3 in New Orleans, we are meeting with the private sector to talk about what our priorities are so that they can actually figure out how, with the data that they collect, to be able to support our efforts.    Secretary Pritzker. So I think, we are big believers in those kinds of partnerships and appreciate your support in that respect. And as it relates to the Hurricane Hunters, we will stay in close contact as to what we find out.    Secretary Pritzker. As you can tell, I am a big believer in the sector stakeholders being our partners.    Secretary Pritzker. Sure.    Secretary Pritzker. Absolutely. Well, first of all, we had a retreat--we have been working on shared services to try and bring this together for several years, or a couple of years. We had a retreat in February, early February, of all the leadership of the Department, and the outcry for--demand for this service, because we are really struggling with HR acquisitions and IT support in most of our bureaus.    It is hard to attract the talent that we need in those bureaus, it is hard to get a service quality that befits the taxpayer. And so we are very grateful for NASA's support. I know the Stennis Center has been very, very helpful to us as we have been putting our plans together. Where we are, I think we are in phase 3--phase 3--of our process, where we are focused right now in putting together the HR component and going live this year.    So it is a high, high priority for us. All of our bureau leaders unanimously agreed that we need to have shared services in HR acquisition and IT. And there is a fundamental view that by doing this that we will be able to have increased accountability, increased transparency, and increased productivity.    So we are really committed to this effort, and I really appreciate the support that, as I said, NASA has given us through their shared services center in your district.    Secretary Pritzker. Absolutely.    Secretary Pritzker. Happy to do that.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, you know, I hear a lot of different things, but there are some common themes. The first is, help us to sell our goods outside the United States. Help us to navigate these complicated countries where there is potential for our products. And so one of the things we have done is we have improved our market reports so that companies, large and small, but particularly small, you know, GE is going to figure this out, but the small company in any one of your districts needs more assistance. And, frankly, I ran companies that were more like those in your district and so that is one thing they want, help us do that.    So we have done a number of things in terms of both people, which is why we are asking for more resources for our foreign commercial service, but also we have created tools to help companies navigate throughout the world.    Second thing they ask for is, help us, we are struggling to find the workforce that can help us grow our companies. And so for the first time we made skilled workforce a priority of the Department of Commerce. And it does not mean--we are not trying to be the Department of Labor here, but what we are trying to make sure is that the voice of busines    And the President listened to us and said the voice of business needs to be present in all of those grants, whether they are from the Department of Labor or other parts of our government. So that is a second area where we have been very active.    The third is we need good information. Whether it is information coming from the American community survey or information coming from the weather service, we need actionable information that can help us make smart decisions. And so what we have done is we have created a data service within the Department of Commerce that is not only saving you money, and us money, and the taxpayer money in terms of producing data products because we are doing more efficiently with better quality people by centralizing that effort. But we are also getting better products out to the businesses in America so they can decide where to grow and how to grow. Those are just several things I have heard. I can go on and on.    Secretary Pritzker. Of course. And so in terms of certainty and stability, that goes without saying. As we know, and I know-- I have 27 years in the private sector--business people are good at making decisions, risk-based decisions, on their products, but when you can't understand the landscape it is very hard to invest, and that is a big challenge.    Particularly with this challenge that has been affecting the market, right, our public markets. I am not sure--well, let's just say that has, I think, given people a lot of pause for thought lately. In terms of tax policy, there is absolutely an interest in seeing business tax reform. There has been, since the day I walked in to my position and, obviously, tax policy sits with the Treasury but as part of the President's economic team, we have been trying to figure out how to work with Congress to do business tax reform. And that is, obviously, a much bigger conversation than probably we have time for right now. But those are issues that are absolutely on the front burner for businesses.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, first of all, Congressman, thank you for being here. And the cyber commission is something that the administration announced about a week or ten days ago, and we at NIST provide the secretariat, if you will, for the commission, it is a bipartisan commission.    And the goal is to address a number of issues over the next--that face us in terms of cyber security let's say over the next five years, it is not meant to be something for just this year. We play a important role at NIST, because first of all, we developed the cyber security framework. And the cyber security framework is both a language and a structure by which both the private sector and the public sector manage our cyber security.    And it is extremely important, and we are seeing a massive take-up on our framework. And, in fact, one of the charges for us in the whole cyber security national action plan is for us to up--the framework is, I think, 18 months old, it is not that old--but is for us to continue to evolve it, to modify it.    And the second thing that we are doing is working very closely with the chairman and vice chairman of this commission, Tom Donilon and Sam Palmisano, the former CEO of IBM, have said they are putting an agenda together and they asked us there to help them to, one, confirm this is a good agenda, but, two, then help operationalize the agenda. And our goal is to help make recommendations that, at the end of the day from the commission, that help both the private sector and the public sector.    Secretary Pritzker. Yes, it is. And we absolutely made sure of that when the President was conceiving of the commission that the private sector as well as the public sector are represented.    Secretary Pritzker. Congressman, the cyber commission is meant to be comprehensive, it is not meant to be siloed. The secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, he and I sat side-by-side with one another as this commission was being put together and announced. Our teams are working side-by-side with one another, and what we are trying--and our goal is not to have this be a little piece of the pie but instead a comprehensive look at what does the country need to do to deal with the challenges that we are facing.    Given that the Internet, as it was created, was not meant to carry the trillions and trillions of dollars of financial instruments that it is carrying; the trillions of dollars of commerce that it is carrying the very sensitive Department of Defense data; and on, and on, and on. So now what do we do since this thing kind of grew by itself, now what do we do to protect ourselves? And that is kind of the charge that has been given to this commission.    Secretary Pritzker. Absolutely. And, you know, your point that each of us has to do our part but that someone has to look at the whole, I think is absolutely right. And, you know, we at the Department of Commerce, our rule is to work with the digital economy on policy development. And that is one of the reasons in our budget we ask for funding for digital policy because, increasingly, the private sector is coming to the Department of Commerce and asking us to weigh in on whether it is issues of the open Internet, or issues of the Internet of things, or autonomous vehicles, or smart cities, or sensorized wearables, you know, privacy and national security issues as those come in contact with one another, the cyber security safe--you know, the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor, et cetera, et cetera.    I think it is very important that we develop a policy--more policy standpoints about this, but then from the standpoint also of protection. At NIST, one of the things we did we just opened the National Cyber Security of Excellence where we are working with the private sector, 23 different private sector partners, to look at the cyber security of everything from a police car, think of all the information in a police car, to our electric grids.    So this is a massive, as you point out, issue and requires us to bring both the science, the private sector together with the public sector. And we have to strengthen those engagements.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, Chairman Culberson, we take very seriously your concerns about the issue of foreign nationals at NIST and, frankly, we take very seriously the issue of cyber security as well.    Look, the threat environment continues to change that we have to balance that and that primary with the issue of to solve some of the problems and technologies that we need to do, we need to work with the best and brightest around the world. And so there is a certain amount of openness and cooperation that is required in order for us to solve some of the cutting-edge, global problems.    Having said that, Director Willie May, in thinking about the challenges of our foreign nationals, ordered an internal review of how NIST manages its foreign guest researchers. And we have proactively initiated a number of improvements since our conversation last year.    We have issued, first of all, an overarching set of policies based upon not only the review that you had us do with the FBI, but also we recruited a security expert to be on staff who has a counterintelligence background. Also the Deputy Director reviews all requests for certain workers from certain countries. We have also required that non-Federal researchers are readily ID'd on their emails, so we know whether someone is, you know, a Federal researcher or a guest researcher.    We have also upgraded the physical security throughout our campus; cameras, access control, cipher locks, and things like that. And then we have done additional training of our NIST staff to make sure that they are sensitized to the potential challenges that a foreign worker could bring to our campuses.    Secretary Pritzker. I do not know, Mr. Chairman, when the last time the FBI was there, it has certainly been within the last year. I do not know precisely what they are doing, but I will look into it and we will get back to you.    Secretary Pritzker. Thank you.    Secretary Pritzker. Thank you, Congressman.    You know, SelectUSA's job is to communicate the benefits of investing into the United States. And the United States, as we know, has been ranked multiple years in a row as the number-one place for investment, and our job is to connect investors to investment opportunities in communities throughout our country. SelectUSA has helped facilitate over $17 billion worth of investments. What we have done is develop a strong team of investment promotion specialists that help navigate both the U.S. Government, as well as help introduce investors to the state or local economic development officers.    We have held two investment summits to date, we have a third one coming this June. I invite all of you to attend, it is really terrific.    Secretary Pritzker. I appreciate that.    Secretary Pritzker. So are you talking about our GOES-R program?    Secretary Pritzker. Right, exactly. OK. So we had----    Secretary Pritzker. What? Yes, why don't I let our staff talk to you about it, because this is one that I am not as briefed up on.    Secretary Pritzker. Terrific.    Secretary Pritzker. I know more about our Polar Follow and our GOES-R program.    Secretary Pritzker. Thank you.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, what we are trying to do at a large, philosophical level at the National Weather Service is as follows, is to make sure that we are not only collecting enough information, that the data is good and that we have information, but it is no good if we just know it. We have to be able to get it out to the first responders, to the emergency managers, to mayors, to governors, so that they can do something with the information that we have.    And so we are trying to evolve the Weather Service from one that is just focused on having the most accurate information to one that makes sure we are having the most accurate information and getting it into the hands of those people who can take action to protect life and property.    And so that means we need to think about making sure that we have our resources first of all as it relates to buoys and things like that, and data collection. In fact, in our budget request we are talking about trying to expand our Automated Surface Observing Systems to not only extend their life, but improve their functionality.    And in fact I have these great maps that the team did for me about the amount of coverage we have today and the amount of coverage we would like to have, so that we can have better data information that we think we can achieve and we have some money in our budget for that. The other is to improve our Doppler radar system.    But fundamentally, having good information is not good enough. I mean, if people are dying or property is being hurt, we need to make sure that we are getting that information to the folks on the ground who can do something with that information. Now, sometimes that means responding to a hurricane, but it also means a better understanding. What is going to happen, what kind of flooding, what kind of drought is being predicted, what kind of extreme weather should we be thinking is coming? And that is a lot also of what we are doing with the Weather Service.    So a weather-ready nation is one that is more than just knowing what the weather is going to be in the next hour, it is being able to get enough information early enough so that actions can be taken to protect life and property.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, Mr. Chairman, first of all, NOAA's ocean exploration program does very important work and, you know, both NOAA and I support the program that we do. What we are trying to do is weigh competing demands on our NOAA budget which led to us decreasing the request for that program. But what I would assure is we run a skilled program at the proposed funding level.    The other thing we do, exploration of rare earth minerals is something that is work that is supported by our proposal and will improve our knowledge of the possible location of these resources within our U.S. exclusive economic zones.    So we are trying to balance our budget here, but also to make sure that we are better understanding exactly what are the assets that we have within our oceans.    Secretary Pritzker. Terrific. Thank you.    Secretary Pritzker. It is a challenge. What we have done is we work with the Chinese. And I will begin with the Administration's position, which is this went all the way up to President Obama and President Xi, where President Obama and President Xi agreed that we would not tolerate intellectual property theft for commercial purposes between our two countries. And that was a very important marker to set down and something that we are watching very carefully as to what has occurred since last September when that agreement was reached.    And the second thing that we do through our dialogues and our work through the International Trade Administration, we work with China on, you know, I work with different companies that have various issues with the Chinese Government, raising specific issues as they arise with their government as it relates to intellectual property theft.    And I have been a consistent and strong voice for intellectual property protection as it relates to the Chinese. It is a challenge.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, the President has also created the ability to do sanctions against bad actors who are stealing intellectual property of our companies. And so that sits in place and the utilization of those sanctions is something that the decision to do that resides above my pay grade.    Secretary Pritzker. I will be sure to share that.    Secretary Pritzker. Well, you know, currency manipulation resides in the Treasury Department, addressing that, I think that is appropriate. There is one place where the hammer exists, if you will.    Having said that, the Customs bill, which you I believe will get signed into law tomorrow and you all passed, gives the Treasury Department and the Administration more tools to deal with currency manipulation and it is something that is very welcomed, frankly, by all of us in addressing those challenges.    We at the Department of Commerce particularly would deal with currency manipulation if it was brought up as something that was viewed as a subsidy, that is technically the way it would enter into the Department of Commerce's AD/CVD, our Anti-Dumping and Countervailing Duty processes. But really most of the tools exist and the most useful tools exist at the Department of Treasury.    Secretary Pritzker. To be honest, that is not the big--I have heard there are selected industries that have raised that, but intellectual property protection is much bigger----    Secretary Pritzker . Much broader, of much greater concern to our industry.    Secretary Pritzker. I will have to get back to you on that and give you an outline of what has been done.    Secretary Pritzker. Absolutely understood. Thank you.    Secretary Pritzker. Absolutely.    So let me talk first about the 2020 census, which is at a very critical phase, as we are all aware. Our commitment is to try and save $5 billion, but in order to do that we have to spend money. And this is one of the critical years and that is why we have asked for a significant increase for the Census Bureau to $1.6 billion.    We released an operating plan for the census in October, that is three years ahead of what the 2010 cycle is. In our operating plan we detail what we are going to do and the milestones that we set out for ourselves for all of us to know whether we are on track or not to have a 2020 census the way we want.    And the thing about the 2020 census is we are trying to do four main things that are new. First is use administrative records. And if we want to use administrative records and we have gotten great access to many, many records, some of which though we would like to get access to that need legislation, but many that we have gotten, we have got to test the efficacy of using administrative records. We cannot just use them and hope that it is going to give us an accurate census.    The second is we are re-engineering the field operations to be more efficient, so that when we send people into the field we know that there actually is someone at the other end of the doorbell to answer the door.    The third is we want to collect more information over the Internet. As you can imagine, we need to make sure it is secure, we need to make sure we know the person who is responding is the person they say they are. And so there is a lot of testing that has to go on with that.    And, fourth, we have to have a communications plan with the American people that explains here is how the census is going to work in 2020. So there are a lot of things that need to be tested this year before we can do what we call an end-to-end test which has to be done in 2018 in order to lock down the census for 2020, make any final adjustments and lock down the census for 2020.    So this year, one of the things that we'll do is a very significant test in both Houston and in Los Angeles and we will also test-- we decided not to use the bring-your-own device but instead we are leasing devices where we're going to control the operating systems being used. All the software is our software, but this way we will also be able to control the operating systems that are being used.    So there is a lot that is happening with the census. The other thing that is important that we need to spend money on now is we are putting in place the technology and the systems to be able to assimilate all the information that we are taking in. That has to be completed and tested also now so that we know that that works at the time of the 2020 census.    So I think to date we are meeting our milestones. We work--my deputy is briefed monthly on where we are at. I feel that we are very--and I am briefed, you know, no less frequently than quarterly on exactly where we are at. So we are very much on top of it, we know what is at stake, but we need the money to be able to actually execute this year. So it is a very important year for the census.    As it relates to MBDA and your question about MBDA, we have proposed to add two programs. First is the minority--program for minority young entrepreneurs which is really--what we know is from research. If there are minority run enterprises in a community, there is less crime. So we need more minority run businesses in the communities that are having the biggest challenges.    So what we want to do is add youth business innovation centers in different communities. We want to have lab-to-market forums. We want to have venture capital forums in parts of our country that have received less attention as it relates to entrepreneurship.    So it is very exciting. It would be a Federal grant program that we are proposing and one that we spent a lot of time crafting. And one that, frankly, given the unrest in places like Ferguson and Baltimore, I think have the opportunity to help more businesses spring up in those neighborhoods.