    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, Ms. Merriweather. Again, I will echo. I think you said you were a South Florida student. Western Kentucky University is in my district or my home town. We got to play in a bowl game. I say that because you hired our coach away from us, beloved Willie Taggart. I hope you have a chance to meet him or his wife because they are fantastic people and class act, and wish him the best, and thanks for coming here today.    You said this opportunity kept you from being a statistic, and it seems as we are listening to this now, you are a statistic because we are talking about 79 percent this, 81 percent that. What we are seeing is lives that change.    I think there was one study, I think, that was quoted that said did not show gains but the worse other than that was on average there are no gains. It gave you an opportunity to find the school that fit for you. I think those are things we have to recognize.    You said also that the voucher or the tax credit did not completely cover your tuition, but it made it affordable for your godmother to be able to make that choice for you. I think a lot of things that we are hearing negative towards choice and use of public funds for giving people other educational opportunities, you seem to be debunking because it seems to fit your life and you are in a graduate program, so we really appreciate you being here and sharing your story because it is important for us to hear.    I worked in the state legislature as well, Mr. Bryan. Thanks for your work. The education area is where I worked. My kids went to public schools. I have one that is a senior in high school, had fantastic opportunities. I think somebody said 95 percent of schools are successful. I do not know what the number is, but a vast number of Kentucky schools are extremely successful.    I will tell you there are some schools that I got to visit that weren't, and I really tried to do a recovery program for schools in distress. We could not do charters or vouchers. That just was not going to happen politically in Kentucky at the time. I think the time is coming.    We were able to do substantial things through bipartisan, and one of my biggest partners in trying to get it through the House was the different Majority than mine, the Urban League. The leader of the Urban League in Lexington saw the schools that typically were inner-city schools, although we have rural schools that have issues and failure.    Now, I think maybe the time has come in Kentucky. We have a new Governor, closely aligned legislature that might move forward on charter schools.    The question--I think there are fair points that were brought up, how do you ensure that private schools do not cherry pick students, how do you ensure that--I agree with Ms. Fudge, we want to make sure that every tax dollar is accountable.    Mr. Robinson, I guess I am just asking you, Kentucky is looking at our charter schools, and when we talk to Governor Bevin or his new Secretary Heiner, what states prevent some of the problems you are talking about and what states do it right, and what should we look at moving forward? We are talking about charter schools and vouchers as we speak.    Mr. Guthrie. Just some model states. I do not want to say what is better.    Mr. Guthrie. I am about out of time. Ms. Merriweather, again, I had a lady that worked in a factory, was managing a factory, and a lady who dropped out of high school, talked her into going back. She said the biggest effect on her going back to school was her daughter. You say your siblings are moving forward.    My question is you are in your graduate program, what is next for you?    Mr. Guthrie. Looking for a job?    Mr. Guthrie. Thank you. I yield back.