    Ms. CHU. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Before the Affordable Care Act was enacted, the rising cost of health care was one of the biggest worries for small companies and their employees. The ACA introduced many substantial changes to the insurance market with the hopes of making quality health care affordable for small employers.    One way in which the ACA helped make health insurance more accessible to small companies was through the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit. The ACA provided $40 billion in tax assistance through the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit and was made available immediately upon its enactment. This credit aimed to make healthcare coverage attainable for the smallest of businesses. Research has shown that the fewer employees a company has, the less likely it is that the business offers health insurance. For example, businesses with between 3 and 9 employees only offer rates of 46 percent. This is a stark contrast from their larger counterparts with more than 50 employees that offers a rate of over 95 percent.    The tax credit was designed for businesses that are small. However, while the credit was originally estimated to support between 1.4 million to 4 million small employers, the use of the credit by small employers was much lower than projected. While final data on the use of the credit is still being collected and analyzed, the most current information shows its use to be low among eligible businesses.    Although there are some conflicting reports on the actual use of credit, the numbers are disappointing. For instance, the final IRS data for 2010 indicates 335,600 claims were made, but another report by the GAO found that only 170,300 small employers claimed the credit. But both show the same thing: few small businesses are taking advantage of a critical tax credit that would benefit them greatly.    Today's hearing serves as a way for us to examine the tax credit and learn what challenges faced small businesses attempting to use the credit. Most recently, the GAO concluded that nearly 168,000 employers claimed the credit in 2012. Despite few employers using the credit, nearly 1 million employees obtained employer-sponsored health coverage through businesses claiming the credit.    It is clear that the low adoption rates by small businesses were caused by numerous factors. The single greatest factor was the lack of awareness surrounding how the credit actually worked. The complexity of the calculations and requirements to be met were daunting for small employers with limited time and resources. Another challenge for small firms was meeting the stringent eligibility rules to be fully qualified for the credit. Strict salary requirements and employee counts had to be met. This added to the complexity and credit amount available. A final challenge was the delay in the Small Business Health Options Program, or SHOP Exchanges.    Despite these problems, small employers and the healthcare industry in general are experiencing some benefits. More workers are obtaining health coverage and are now able to start their own businesses or change jobs without fear of losing their insurance. Additionally, we have seen per capita healthcare spending grow at its lowest rate on record for any 3-year period, and the uninsured rate drop. Premium rates are decreasing in some states and stabilizing in others. In fact, the average premium for employer-based family coverage grew a relatively modest 4.2 percent in 2015. This continues the trend of slow growth with the last 4 years accounting for the lowest growth rate since 1999. These lower rates are in part due to more competition in the market.    This hearing will show just how critical the tax credit was to small firms wishing to offer health coverage and highlight areas where improvements could have been made. We will hear today why expanding and improving and strengthening the credit should have been done while it mattered most to our small employers.    I would like to welcome all the witnesses and thank them for being here today. Thank you, and I yield back.    Ms. CHU. Yes. It is my pleasure to introduce Mr. Michael Ricco, Quality Manager for AEEC, a minority and women-owned small business. AEEC provides IT, environmental, and engineering services to federal and commercial customers. Mr. Ricco has been with AEEC for over 2 years and oversees quality assurance and compliance for every department and Federal contract at the company. Additionally, Mr. Ricco is a facilitator and member of AEEC's management board. He holds a master of arts from Syracuse University and a bachelor of arts from the University of Arizona. As the manager of a women-owned business, he is testifying today on behalf of the U.S. Women's Chamber of Commerce, which represents 500,000 members, three-quarters of whom are small business owners and federal contractors. Welcome, Mr. Ricco.    Ms. CHU. Mr. Ricco, the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit was meant to incentivize small employers into offering health insurance. How do you feel the IRS worked with the business community to provide information about the credit, and was that outreach adequate?    Ms. CHU. Well, talking about size standards, the tax code contains many different definitions of a small business and what a small business is depending on what section of the code we are discussing. This lack of uniformity certainly was highlighted by the ACA in its definition of a small business. This definition shaped which businesses were eligible for the tax incentives in offering health care. Mr. Ricco, what do you think would be a better size standard with regard to the ACA?    Ms. CHU. Mr. McTigue, what do you think of the size standards? What have you found to be a better size standard with regard to participation?    Ms. CHU. Let me ask about the different numbers to the analyses of the Small Business Health Care Tax Credit by the Treasury Inspector General of Tax Administration. The IRS and the GAO all concluded drastically different results for the use of this incentive. Mr. McTigue, can you walk me through why the GAO's numbers are much lower than those of the Treasury Inspector General of Tax Administration and the IRS for the 2010 claims?    Ms. CHU. Do you plan to perform a final analysis using these numbers?    Ms. CHU. Yes. I certainly would be interested in that.    Despite the low adoption rate, nearly 1 million employees whose employers claim the credit are benefiting from the ACA, but this is an increase from only 770,000 workers in 2010 and through fewer employers. Has the GAO studied whether these numbers are due to small employers hiring more employees or simply different businesses entirely who are claiming the credit?    Ms. CHU. Thank you. I yield back.