    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair. We are here this morning to hear from a fine panel of witnesses about the current state of nuclear waste policy. There are some things that I do not expect will have changed much from the time of our last hearing on this issue. Nuclear facilities across the country continue to generate waste that has yet to be secured in a long-term storage facility. Research and development on waste technologies continues. The law designating a storage facility is unchanged, and today we add to the many oversight hearings the subcommittee has held over the years.    But we still have no real solution, even an interim one, to offer to the witnesses at the table today and the constituencies that they do, indeed, represent. There have been reports by the National Academy of Sciences, the Government Accountability Office, industry and nongovernmental groups, and the President's Blue Ribbon Commission. Ironically, we have a long-term storage facility, and yet we do not. And we do not have interim storage facilities or a policy of establishing them, and yet we do. Essentially the storage facilities at each of the powerplant sites around the country now serve as de facto interim storage facilities.    We need a solution to this situation. It will not be easy, and it will be expensive. But the alternative is also expensive and provides less safety, less security than a functioning, ordered process for dealing with spent fuel. And Mr. Fitz reminds us that we also have to deal with legacy waste from our defense programs.    I know the chair and others on this committee are resolved to complete the process of opening the Yucca Mountain facility, but the Yucca Mountain facility is not open at this time, and it does not appear it will be open in the near future. In the meantime, spent fuel continues to accumulate, and penalty fees continue to accrue. I continue to believe that it is worth examining additional options for dealing with this waste.    The administration's strategy, based on the work done by the Blue Ribbon Commission in 2012, has challenges and unknowns. Should we pursue a system that includes both interim and long-term storage of waste? If so, how do we proceed? If there are to be interim sites, how many will be needed? How much waste can or should be stored at them, and what time period qualifies as interim? What are the costs, and can we access the necessary funds to the fund established to deal with this problem?    I do not expect to hear definitive answers to these questions this morning, but I do think it is time that we examined all options for moving forward. I think the future for nuclear power is in question if we do not find a way to deal with this issue.    I want to thank all of our witnesses for appearing before the subcommittee today. I look forward to your testimony and to your suggestions on options to move forward on what is a very critical and important issue.    And, with that, Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And, again, welcome to our panelists. Dr. Piccone, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission has a policy in the form of the Waste Confidence Rule that, as I understand it, links the licensing of nuclear reactors to the availability of safe storage and, more importantly, permanent disposal capability for nuclear waste. Can you briefly explain what that means in practical terms for the licensing any of our nuclear reactors?    Mr. Tonko. Are there any on the panel that would want to speak to the waste confidence rule?    Mr. Kuczynski.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And, Dr. Piccone, under a best-case scenario, what is a minimum time to complete NRC's process and issue a construction license?    Mr. Tonko. Well, given those conditions, do we not need an interim policy of some sort?    Mr. Tonko. Interim storage.    Mr. Tonko. But should there be an improved or more conclusive or predictable process if this interim is challenged on the given situations that we have today?    Mr. Tonko. Mr. Fettus, your organization sued NRC against the 2010 revision of the Waste Confidence Rule, as did New Jersey and several other States. Can you explain why you did that and where things stand today from your perspective?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    With that, I yield back.