    Ms. Bohman. So the Economic Research Service looks at dietary choices by all Americans with a focus on low-income Americans who participate in USDA's nutrition programs.    And through understanding what they eat and how they use SNAP, we can better identify what are the key problems and gaps in dietary choices and, also, what initiatives could be undertaken by the public and private sector.    So we have funded research in behavioral economics, which looks at how people make food choices, and we have new work underway with retailers that we are funding.    Ms. Bohman. Well, we don't make recommendations, but our research, I believe, would be very valuable for Congress----    Ms. Bohman . In terms of decisions. And we are funding research that----    Ms. Bohman. Our----    Ms. Bohman. Our research shows that applying simple rules of thumb to foods on menus provides reasonably good guidance about their dietary content.    Ms. Bohman. So you described a great deal, that we applied these kinds of common rules and then looked at a sample of menus and came up with the result that you quote.    Ms. Bohman. So the economic research sort of sets its research agenda around issues with SNAP through meeting regularly. We have scheduled quarterly meetings and more frequent consultations with the Food and Nutrition Service. And I believe in the past we have looked at some timing issues around distribution, and I can follow up with more specifics. We can take on board your proposal and discuss with the Food and Nutrition Service.    They also conduct some analysis that is very targeted towards program specifics using their program analysis division through work with consultants. And we will bring this issue up and see if it has any opportunity.    Ms. Bohman. Well, in our research and other research, we see that Americans, in general, do not follow dietary and nutrition advice, but it comes at a great cost to society.    And so we are investigating different strategies and what would be the outcomes of strategies, such as taxes on poor-quality foods, such as nutrition education, and other strategies to improve the dietary quality in Americans.    Ms. Bohman. Our study did not look at how people responded. We looked at these rules of thumb and to what extent they covered the dietary advice.    Ms. Bohman. Dr. Harris, I will have to follow up with the exact answer to your specific question. But ERS undertook its research because there is a gap in knowledge on the best strategies for dealing with the Chesapeake Bay and farmers' participation in improving water quality. And we----    Ms. Bohman. I think we have made a contribution to improving the knowledge base for strategy by identifying ways to target the strategy by looking at alternatives, such as trading. So we have added to that. I believe it is an area there is still a need for more research, but it is one where we have made a contribution.