    Mr. Stivers. Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on advancing our foreign policy goals in South Asia. Before I begin I would like to request that my full statement be entered in the record.    Mr. Stivers. Having worked in the House of Representatives for the past 18 years, it is a real honor to be here especially alongside my friend and colleague Assistant Secretary Nisha Biswal.    Through the President's budget request of $383 million for South Asia, we will continue our efforts as responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars to end extreme poverty and promote resilient democratic societies while advancing our own security and prosperity.    USAID expands stable, free societies that provide lasting alternatives to otherwise destabilizing forces. At the same time we create new markets and trade partners, promote democratic values and foster goodwill abroad all with less than 1 percent of the Federal budget.    Our approach at USAID is threefold. First, we are institutionalizing USAID's new model of development which leverages public-private partnerships, local solutions, science and innovation to do more with less. In the past 5 years USAID has made great strides, going from just 8 percent of resources programmed through this new model to 40 percent.    While my responsibilities do not include Afghanistan and Pakistan, we are focused on building regional solutions to increase stability and economic integration including expanded regional connectivity between South and Central Asia and Afghanistan and Pakistan especially in the areas of trade and energy.    Second, we are building pathways out of poverty through the Global Health Initiative, Feed the Future, and the Global Climate Change Initiative. USAID is working to improve health systems and outcomes, increased food security, and help communities adapt to, mitigate and manage the risks of a changing environment.    And third, we are promoting democratic governance and empowering reformers because we know that government by the people offers the best chance for freedom and prosperity. Fighting poverty is often less a question of funding but in effectively addressing the underlying governance challenges that hold countries back from realizing their full potential, and a strong and vibrant civil society is central to any healthy democracy.    In India, renewed commitments by President Obama and Prime Minister Modi have given weight to new momentum and heightened engagement. It is a new day on our bilateral relationship, but it has already been a new day in how we administer our assistance in India. We have transformed our partnership with India from a donor-recipient relationship to a peer-to-peer partnership that harnesses the strengths and capabilities of both countries to jointly tackle development challenges. We are leveraging more resources than ever from Indian partners while also drawing on American private sector expertise.    Today is World TB Day and USAID is combating the spread of TB with state-of-the-art technology from California that is really a gamechanger in the fight against multidrug resistant tuberculosis globally. USAID is collaborating with American and Indian partners including the Gates Foundation to provide clean water and sanitation services to low income populations in India's largest urban centers. And we are also deepening our engagement with partners to support women's empowerment in combating gender violence.    Last, we continue our efforts with the Indian Government to support the Tibetan refugee community which really represents the best of our shared values with India.    In Bangladesh, despite the difficult political situation, we have made tremendous progress on economic development including maternal and child health, food security, agricultural production and protecting the environment. We continue to focus on improving labor conditions including workplace safety and the capacity of labor organizations.    In Nepal we are tackling the roots of poverty such as poor governance and the recurrent shocks both economic and physical that perpetuate its cycle. USAID has helped Nepal cut its poverty rate by 25 percent in recent years and provided funding to help the Election Commission and the challenge of human trafficking. Nepal is extremely vulnerable to climate change and natural disasters and we are helping address food shortages, vulnerability and natural resource degradation.    In Sri Lanka the country is entering a new chapter following the recent historic election. The new government has asked the United States for help in restoring and strengthening its neglected democratic institutions and processes. However, since the budget request was completed prior to the election, USAID is exploring sources of additional support in order to seize on this unprecedented opening. We will continue engaging with you and your staff so we can chart the way forward together.    Finally, in the Maldives our assistance will continue to mitigate the impacts of climate change on the economy and the way of life.    Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member, members of the committee, in today's interconnected world South Asia's future is ever more important to our own. I appreciate the opportunity to testify today and I look forward to your counsel and questions.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you Ranking Member Sherman for that question and for your interest in U.S.-Sri Lankan relations and the plight of the Tamil community in northern Sri Lanka.    The democratic election in Sri Lanka was really a testament to the Sri Lankan people who changed government at the ballot box in a nonviolent way in honor of their traditions, their longstanding democratic traditions. Shortly after the election we sent an interagency assessment team to Sri Lanka to really look at the reform agenda of the government and assess the needs of the Sri Lankan people moving forward. We found strong support for the reform agenda from the government.    The government was elected with the support of the minority populations and we saw that land was an absolute key priority for the people there in Sri Lanka including accountability, decentralization and rebuilding of democratic institutions. We hope to support the elections process moving forward, as well as civil society and the vulnerable communities all over the country, and youth.    We are looking closely at the assistance package moving forward both in the short term and the long term. We have briefed a number of your staffs on the findings of the assessment team, and we hope to work with Congress, get your input before decisions are made and move forward in a bipartisan way--Congress and executive branch working together.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you, Mr. Connolly, for that question and for your interest in foreign assistance reform and how our foreign assistance can operate better. The United States--the administration and Congress--we do have to tell a better story about how our less than 1 percent of the Federal budget really promotes our security, stability in the world, our prosperity in terms of economic growth, and promotes our democratic values. Development is absolutely key to the Asia Rebalance because it engages with the people. It is not just government-to-government relations, but it engages the people and it tackles some of the challenges in their lives.    And so the narrative about why that is important to all these important issues in the world is really a story that needs to be told in a much better way. Empowering the reformers who are trying to create change in this country. It is democratic reformers, but it is also women reformers who are trying to change traditions that are not fair and are unjust.    And so to the extent that our assistance is promoting these values we have to talk about that. More specifically, our health investments especially in the regions--especially in Bangladesh and Nepal--are really achieving tremendous results. In Bangladesh we have helped them achieve 60 percent decreases in child and maternal mortality in recent years. In Nepal they have had a successful election; they are in the difficult process right now of writing a constitution. But there have been tremendous successes on nutrition. Same goes with India. And so in my written testimony I went more through some of those specific examples.    On terms of India and Bangladesh, they are meeting their Millennium Development Goals; they are cutting poverty; they are really helping people and they are moving their countries along with relatively high economic growth rates. And we look forward to working with you and telling that story especially in the consideration of the budget.    Mr. Stivers. Thank you for that question. Despite the political upheaval, Bangladesh has been an excellent partner with achievements in economic growth and health and agriculture, and we must stay engaged. We know that violence and governance challenges have the potential to threaten a lot of the economic development gains that have been made.    The Fiscal Year 2016 budget, it includes a $10-million increase in support for civil society in Bangladesh. That is one of the larger increases within the budget for South Asia. Our support for civil society helps them push back on some of the negative trends that have been occurring politically.    But in terms of our development successes, I mentioned the 60 percent declines in maternal and child mortality. We have introduced new fertilizer techniques that have increased rice yields by 20 percent, and better management of forests and wetlands. In terms of the economic development side for Bangladesh, there has been tremendous progress and so far that progress has not been threatened, but we must stay engaged and it is important for the political impasse too to hopefully be resolved soon.    Mr. Stivers. Sure, sure. Well, thank you for that question. Women's empowerment is a big challenge in India and indeed all of Asia, and gender violence certainly is a significant challenge. That it is one for moral reasons of course, but it also holds back development of the country and its economic growth and prosperity.    As we know, empowerment of women is key to a healthy and strong country and economy. USAID has a number of initiatives related to that, to gender violence. We have a ``Safe Cities'' program which includes gender in urban planning and infrastructure, and we have also helped with a film called ``Girl Rising,'' which tells the stories of about nine women, helps raise awareness, and we have helped in terms of local language release and teaching materials. It has raised awareness and helps combat some of the negative issues around that in India.    Mr. Stivers. Sure. Thank you, Congressman Bera, and thank you for your leadership on U.S.-Indian relations which is so important because we have so many mutual interests, mutual democratic values where we can really work together promote a lot of good in this world. And I think that President Obama and Prime Minister Modi are really taking this relationship to a new level.    In terms of the Diaspora Initiative, it is an innovative assistance program. The 3 million Indian-Americans who are living in the U.S. know how important that relationship is. And the initiative as you mentioned it partners with the Calvert Fund and private Indian financial institutions to really harness the investment potential of Indian-Americans living in the U.S. to address some of the social challenges that not just India faces but the development challenges that we have globally. And it is a very important initiative and thank you for mentioning it.