    Mr. Higgins. Thank you very much.    Before I begin, I just wanted to also extend my appreciation and thanks to our colleague, Candice Miller, for her work on the committee and the subcommittee. While this is a continuum, we still have a lot of work to do. The Northern Border is much more secure because of your leadership on this issue. I have enjoyed very much collaborating with you in the best interests of those Northern Border communities. So thank you very much, Candice.    I also want to congratulate my colleague from Arizona, Representative McSally, on her new position as Chair of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security. In the absence of Ranking Member Filemon Vela, I am pleased to serve as the Ranking Member today, particularly given the topic at hand, border security.    Like my colleagues from Arizona, Texas, and Michigan, I also represent a border district, though mine is located on our Nation's border with Canada, much like Mrs. Miller. The 26th Congressional District of New York consists of portions of Erie and Niagara Counties, including the cities of Buffalo and Niagara Falls, and sits adjacent to America's maritime border with Canada, along the Niagara River and the eastern shores of Lake Erie.    Buffalo is home to the Peace Bridge, the busiest passenger crossing on the Northern Border, and a crucial link between the economies of western New York and southern Ontario and our 2 great Nations. Niagara Falls is home to 2 more international crossings, the Rainbow Bridge and the Whirlpool Bridge, which are also critical to travel and tourism in the region.    Cross-border travel and the efficient flow of goods and people across the border are vital to the communities I am privileged to represent. We are fortunate to have a strong partner in border security and facilitation matters on our Northern Border, that being Canada.    Like most Americans, I have a keen interest in ensuring that all of our Nation's borders are secure, including, of course, the Southern Border, but I will focus my comments today on our Northern Border, since our border with Canada is often somewhat foreign to these discussions.    The nature of the threat on the Northern Border, primarily terrorists and their instruments entering the United States across the vast open spaces of our 5,000-mile shared border with Canada, is certainly very different from the Southern Border where the volume of undocumented crossers from Mexico dwarfs the number that enter from Canada each year. Still, there are far fewer Federal resources dedicated to securing the Northern Border, which could be a cause for concern. Only a fraction of the total number of Border Patrol agents, air assets, cameras are deployed on the Northern Border, meaning situational awareness on the Northern Border is not what it should be.    Similarly, the United States Customs and Border Protection's Office of Field Operations continues to be understaffed at ports of entry based on the agency's own staffing model, which slows legitimate crossers, and makes it more difficult for officials to spot the handful who may pose concern. The fact that our shared border with Canada includes the Great Lakes and other waterways regularly enjoyed by thousands of legitimate boaters only adds to the challenge of achieving situational awareness in the region.    I hope to hear from our Customs and Border Protection witnesses today about how we can improve situational awareness along our Northern Border, perhaps in conjunction with our Canadian partners.    With respect to measuring border security, many of the metrics used on the Southern Border, such as the number of individuals apprehended or pounds of drugs seized, are just as appropriate for the Northern Border. I hope to hear from our Government Accountability Office witness today about what their work indicates about the state of border security, and especially what metrics might be most appropriate for the Northern Border.    Finally, I look forward to hearing from the entire panel today about how the Department of Homeland Security, with support from Congress, can continue to better secure all of our Nation's borders.    I thank the witnesses for being here. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you.    Chief Vitiello, the concerns of the Southern Border deal primarily with illegals coming in and drug smuggling. What do you see are the major challenges in terms of the Northern Border and potential threats, existing or emerging?    Mr. Higgins. Any new or emerging threats, any troubling trends that have been detected within the last 18 months or so?    Mr. Higgins. Any change in cross-border relations with respect to the new government in Canada?    Mr. Higgins. How would you characterize that relationship?    Mr. Higgins. Okay.    In a previous hearing, it was disclosed that Hezbollah, that acts as a proxy for Iran, a Shia terrorist group, had a presence in North America in some 15 cities, including 2 major cities in Canada. Are you aware of that presence? We were told at the time that we shouldn't be all that concerned because Hezbollah's activity was limited to fundraising. Well, a terrorist organization that is doing fundraising within the United States and Canada is, to me, a very troubling sign. Do you have any thoughts on that, awareness of it?    Mr. Higgins. So the Southern Border, what is the linear miles of the Southern Border?    Mr. Higgins. Two thousand. And 5,000 miles of Northern Border with Canada?    Mr. Higgins. There are currently approximately 20,000 Border Patrol agents and about 1,000 Air and Marine interdiction agents on board?    Mr. Higgins. Okay. Of those totals, how many are deployed along the Northern Border in terms of either numbers of percentages?    Mr. Higgins. So that is about 10 percent.    Mr. Higgins. Ten percent. Is that adequate?    Mr. Higgins. Is it safe to say that any additional resources in terms of agents that you would be requesting in the future, 90 percent of those would go to the Southern Border and 10 percent would go to the Northern Border?    Mr. Higgins. All right. I see my time is expiring. I will yield back.    Mr. Higgins. Thank you.    You know, Customs and Border Protection, the work of, you know, professional agents, a lot of it is intuitive and enhanced by, you know, technology that is available and that is emerging. I think the difficult thing with Customs and Border Protection is you rarely get credit for what didn't happen, but everything you do is about making things not happen.    So, in this highly-charged political environment, there is a lot of talk about building walls and building them higher than they were proposed previously, including building a wall on the Northern Border.    I mean, I just have to ask the question, because I really don't--is that a good expense of resources, or are we much better off hiring, you know, more professional Customs and Border Protection?    I would ask the whole panel. I just----    Mr. Higgins. Who would that order come forward from?    Mr. Higgins. That has never happened?    Mr. Higgins. But on the Southern Border it has?    Mr. Higgins. Oh, I see. Okay. So, in that regard, you know, the physical barrier has improved, you know, the work of Customs and Border Protection?    Mr. Higgins. Okay.    Ms. Gambler. Then, Congressman, I would add that I think your question gets at a key finding from GAO's body of work on border security programs, which is that DHS has not always done a good job of documenting and justifying the different investments it is making, whether that is in technology or other things.    So I think your question gets at a key point of GAO's work, which is for DHS and CBP to do a better job of justifying and providing the justification for the investments that they are making so that the Department, Congress, and the public can have better oversight of what the planned investment is and what we hope to get out of it.    Mr. Higgins. Well, to that issue, in your professional judgment, what would be the best utilization of resources--you know, human, technology, physical--given what you know today and what you anticipate tomorrow?    Mr. Higgins. Are those answers acceptable to GAO?    Ms. Gambler. I think what I would say, Congressman, is that this is why it is important for DHS and CBP to have in place some of the metrics we have been discussing.    Because those metrics, not just over the overall metrics for border security but the things we have found in terms of having metrics for the contributions that fencing and tactical infrastructure have to border security, having metrics and data that assess the contributions that different technologies are having to border security, those types of measures and the associated data are really important to be able to position CBP and the different components to make those, you know, risk-informed, resource-based decisions that I think we have been discussing.    So I think the metrics are key for them to be able to do that.    Mr. Higgins. Madam Chair, I just want to thank the panel. I think, you know, their testimony and their responses have been very, very helpful to this committee and its work. So thank you very much.