    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, welcome.    Your department really was developed and instituted based upon our nuclear heritage, as you know, and also is focused on our nuclear future, and then you have to deal with a lot of legacy issues. That is not really part of the hearing, but the introduction is just to let you know I appreciate the support I receive from your professionals down at Savannah River, which I visited yesterday, and the contractors there, and they took good care of me----    Mr. Shimkus . And I just want to put that on the record.    Now to the QER. The QER devotes an entire chapter to improving North American energy integration, but makes no mention of issues belying cross-border presidential permitting in general, or the Keystone XL Pipeline in particular. It is kind of some of the questions I think Mr. Green was alluding to. Do you agree that the, and I quote, ``ad hoc or siloed permitting process'', as the QER puts it, creates significant uncertainty?    Mr. Shimkus. Has the inability to render a decision on Keystone Pipeline impacted other energy projects in Canada? Do you know of----    Mr. Shimkus. Yes. And can you check back with us? Obviously, there might be, otherwise I wouldn't be asking this question.    Mr. Shimkus. Right. I think the public as a whole, I don't think they really--sometimes I put up the transmission system on a map just to identify how many cross-border pipelines and transmission lines we already have, both north and south, and----    Mr. Shimkus. Right. And obviously, just curious, we have problems with one, and the debate is will we have problems with the future or has this uncertainty kind of slowed down the process.    And so part of the legislation which the chairman is pointing to talks about this cross-border energy infrastructure language, in the committee's energy diplomacy discussion draft, would attempt to address unnecessary delays in the permitting of cross-border pipelines and transmission lines. Have you looked at this, and is there room for improvement when we are talking about pipelines or wires?    Mr. Shimkus. Yes, and we had a hearing just a week ago, I think, on really the natural gas desert of the New England States, we had the Governor of Maine here, which would address, obviously, pipeline infrastructure and probably cross-border also with them. I think a lot of people would kind of shake their head understanding that we still heat with fuel oil in some major states in our union, where access to natural gas pipelines might help them transition----    Mr. Shimkus . Especially with the abundance that we seem to be having now with our production.    Mr. Shimkus. You may.    Mr. Shimkus. The energy diplomacy discussion draft also talks about improving the process for permitting major energy projects. Do you agree that it would bring greater clarity and predictability to the process, and help in this energy diplomacy part?    Mr. Shimkus. Well, the formulation of coordinated procedures and criteria balance energy security impacts with environmental consideration. So you have to--especially in energy diplomacy, Shimkus is ethnically Lithuanian, a lot of people here have heard that before. I have toured the LNG Terminal. This energy diplomacy for our friends around the world, whether it is Japan or whether it is the eastern European countries, is really critical to give them choices of energy. And so the question is cost benefit analysis, and how can you expedite it, and I think your quadrennial review addresses this a little bit.    Mr. Shimkus. That would be of great interest to many many members of the----    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.