    Mr. Takano. Thank you.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for your consideration.    Well, we live in a moment in history where one-half of one percent of our Nation is serving in the military. Compare that to the 12 percent that served during World War II. There is a growing gap between the shared expectations of those who have served versus those who haven't.    Many veterans in our colleges face a range of issues not faced by their classmates. They may be older than their fellow classmates, outside of the classroom environment or for a long time and in many instances, the first member of their family to set foot in a college environment.    We can all agree education benefits are earned for the veterans' selfless service to our country, but what does that mean? Does it mean that veterans have the right to receive this benefit and expend it in any way they see fit or did Congress intend for this benefit to assist veterans in a successful transition into the civilian workforce?    As most people in this room are aware, our veterans perform a wide range of occupations while in the military. In the Army, for instance, for every fighting soldier, there are 2.5 soldiers providing support in the rear. These supportive roles can be in logistics, administration, or preparing and serving food. This means that the country and the VA must serve veterans with a wide range of experience.    Some experience transfers well into educational environments while others do not. To all of them, I say we have your back. As a former educator, I am a believer in the power of education. Those who choose to pursue an education should feel good about their choice and where it will lead them.    I want to take a moment to commend my colleagues who introduced and supported the Transparency Act. This bipartisan legislation from the 112th Congress paved the way for much needed insight into the quality of different schools and will continue to provide more insight over the coming years.    For instance, the legislation required VA's GI Bill Comparison Tool which servicemembers are already using to understand which schools best fit their needs, cost too much, and clarify institutions that may be a poor choice in comparison to others.    I also want to highlight a piece of legislation I recently joined Congressman Lois Frankel and Congressman Gus Bilirakis in introducing, the Veteran Education Empowerment Act. This bill would reauthorize and improve a grant program through the Department of Education that provides colleges and universities across the country with the funds necessary to establish new veteran student centers and to improve and operate existing ones.    However, we still have much work to do. Our Nation's heroes are being sold the idea that all they need to do is get a degree from anywhere and jobs will be presented to them on a silver platter.    Too many times I have heard the story of a soldier who uses his or her education benefits at questionable and expensive schools only to find that employers aren't impressed. We as a country and more importantly the states have a role to play in insisting that institutions provide positive outcomes for veterans. We also have a fiscal duty to ensure that government dollars are not being misspent at higher educational rates with substandard outcomes.    To those who are struggling to complete their educations, we have another obligation. In 2014, over 83,000 students using the GI Bill had to take remedial courses while exhausting their education benefits. Some also take on debt before they receive a diploma, a situation the Post-9/11 GI Bill was intended to avoid.    We need to help servicemembers and veterans understand and address the education gaps prior to exhausting their education benefits ideally while they are serving in the military.    And I thank the witnesses with us today for being here to give us their insight into these important issues and I look forward to the testimony.    Mr. Chairman, sorry for my tardiness. I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Mr. Withrow, I would like to welcome someone who's a community college trustee. I was one for 22 years in California, so I welcome this question about veterans, using their benefits. Do you believe that--do you have an idea of how many veterans are in need of remedial education, the number of students?    Mr. Takano. Yes.    Mr. Takano. But we think there are a lot of veterans who are not using their benefits, right? That a lot of veterans are not using their benefits at all; and do you think that an impediment for some of these veterans might be that they are not college-ready?    Mr. Takano. So there are veterans who are obviously saving their benefits for a more expensive education, but there is a whole swath of veterans that we know are not using their benefits at all because they may be impeded by their lack of preparedness to engage college over work.    I was unaware that they can use up to--how much of their veterans benefits can they use?    Mr. Takano. Six credit hours.    But they have to be enrolled in a full-credit load in order to be able to get their living stipend; is that right?    Mr. Takano. Okay.    Mr. Takano. Okay. Does your district offer any condensed or short-term remediation programs, like something that can be done in the summer, something over a semester, different levels of remediation, Mr. Withrow?    Mr. Takano. Okay. Do you believe that--I mean I personally believe that we should do something supplemental so we don't cause veterans to have to use up their precious benefits. Some veterans can get this remediation done in three months; maybe some in a semester; maybe some in a year. Pell Grant recipients, for example, can use up to a year of their benefits full-time for remediation. I think we should do no less for our veterans and we shouldn't cause them to eat up their existing pool of benefits.    I think we make these veterans--we recruit servicemembers on the basis of these educational benefits and they are empty and hollow if they can't use them because of this lack of college preparedness. And we know there is a whole swath of these veterans that are transitioning and this is a huge barrier.    Mr. Neiweem--is that how you say your name--can you--the Iraq and the Afghanistan veterans, do you believe that far more of them would use these benefits? Do you think this is also an impediment to their using these benefits?    Mr. Takano. Great. I would appreciate that and that would be wonderful if you could do that.    Mr. Chairman, my time is up--do--I have 26 seconds left, okay.    I want to switch topics a little bit to Mr. Harrison. You receive students--transfer students from both, the community college system and for-profit programs. Can you tell me if there is a difference in the level of preparedness with these types of transfer students? Do a lot of students come from for-profit institutions with credit that is not transferable, for example?    Mr. Takano. Well, thank you.    My time is up, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Worley, could you provide us with an update on the VA's implementation of the Principles of Excellence included in the President's executive order? I am particularly interested in what exactly the VA is doing that requires schools to ``end fraudulent and unduly aggressive recruiting techniques,'' and when you will begin risk-based program reviews, and how you plan to deal with the backlog of student Veteran complaints that I have heard is becoming an issue?    Mr. Takano. Yeah, when----    Mr. Takano. It says when will you begin risk----    Mr. Takano. How does the VA verify whether institutions have agreed to abide by the Principles of Excellence in the executive order, how do you verify that they are actually in compliance?    Mr. Takano. What happens if they do not adhere to the Principles of Excellence, do they lose their GI Bill eligibility?    Mr. Takano. Great. Can you please explain how the GI Bill benefits are affected by remedial courses and what happens if a student fails a remedial class?    Mr. Takano. All right. Thank you. My time is up, sir.    Mr. Takano. Can you just tell me, is the VA working on trying to lessen the impact of remedial classes on student veterans in terms of--I mean, I know there is a charge against the entitlement, and is there a limit, a cap, on that charge against the entitlement?    Mr. Takano. I want to know about this and, unfortunately, I have to get going. But I am going to yield back the rest of my time, but I appreciate the Chairman going through allowing a second round of questions.