    Mr. DeSantis. The subcommittee will come to order.    Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We are a government of, by, and for the American people. This means that the American people can, through their elected representatives, set whatever policies, including immigration policy, they see fit. The law can allow for unlimited immigration, limited immigration, or even zero immigration. But when the Government fails to enforce whatever laws happen to be on the books, it undermines our ability to govern ourselves.    Likewise, when the President issued his executive edict granting five million work permits and Social Security numbers for individuals illegally present in our Country, which, by the way, will also make these individuals eligible for taxpayer finance welfare payments, he harmed the American people's ability to govern themselves. After all, the American people never voted for such a policy. Indeed, the stinging rebuke delivered to the President's party in November, if anything, provided evidence that the public rejected what the President had long been threatening to do.    Under the President's policy, U.S. workers will face a $3,000 hiring disadvantage due to the Affordable Care Act. The American people had no say in enacting such a policy. Legal immigrants will see the hefty application fees they must pay to be diverted to administer the President's unconstitutional program, which will make these legal immigrants wait longer. The American people never approved such unfairness.    Taxpayers will be on the hook to pay, as Commissioner John Koskinen said just yesterday, retroactive tax credit payments to people who were working in our Country illegally for years. The American taxpayer was never given a voice about this.    So the President's policy undermines our basic ability to govern ourselves. And the reason we are having this hearing today is to showcase an even more significant, perhaps, ramification of what the President has done, a ramification that could undermine the integrity of our elections.    Through the President's executive actions, millions of non-citizens will be able to obtain valid Social Security numbers and State driver's licenses. Under Federal law, any person with a valid Social Security number or driver's license can register to vote as long as he attests to his eligibility to do so. Therefore, the President's executive actions dramatically increase the risk that non-citizens may illegally register to vote.    Now, the problem of non-citizens voting already exists. Some experts have found that thousands of non-citizens may be registered to vote in some States, and perhaps as many as tens of thousands nationwide. A study that was released last year found that some non-citizens do participate in U.S. elections and that this participation has already had a meaningful effect in election outcomes, including electoral college votes and congressional elections.    The President's executive actions make this problem of non-citizen voting worse without offering any solutions or assistance to the States. Non-citizen voting undermines voter confidence and damages the integrity of Federal elections. And make no mistake, as an elected official, I don't want my vote totals diminished because of a non-citizen to vote, but I also don't want them to be enhanced, either. I want the actual voice of the American people to carry the day.    Today we will hear from secretaries of State, officials tasked with the responsibility of administering elections in their States. They will testify how the President's executive actions will affect their voter registration rolls and their elections in their States. In fact, one of our witnesses today, Ohio Secretary of State Jon Husted, wrote to President Obama about this very issue. He requested his Administration to ``work with us to minimize the impact on the integrity of our elections and to ensure only eligible voters participate in State and Federal elections.''    We will also hear from an expert on voter fraud and voting rights laws issues to help us understand the consequences of the President's executive actions.    Today's hearing is about upholding the integrity of our elections and ensuring that every American's vote counts.    This is the first hearing that we have had on the Subcommittee on National Security, but it is a joint hearing with my friend, Jim Jordan. But I did want to recognize the ranking member on our National Security Subcommittee, Stephen Lynch, from the frozen tundra of Boston.    I am happy to work with you, Stephen, although I am jealous. Coming from Boston, you guys four Super Bowls in the last 15 years, three World Series. We don't get that much love in Florida.    With that, I will recognize the ranking member for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The vote clock, it looks like we have about 4 minutes left on the vote tally. I wanted to get Mr. Jordan's opening Statement, but I think it would be prudent just to recess the hearing now. When we return, Mr. Jordan will give his Statement, Ms. Norton will give hers, the witnesses will give theirs, and then the members will be able to ask some questions.    So we stand in recess until the conclusion of this first vote series.    Mr. DeSantis. Before I recognize my colleague, Chairman Jordan, I ask unanimous concern that our colleague from the 20th District of Texas, Congressman Joaquin Castro, be allowed to fully participate in today's hearing. Without objection, so ordered.    I now recognize Mr. Jim Jordan, chairman of the Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits and Administrative Rules for his opening Statement.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes Ms. Norton, Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, for her opening Statement.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentlelady's time has expired.    I will hold the record open for five legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize our first panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome the Honorable Jon Husted, Secretary of State for the State of Ohio; the Honorable Kris Kobach, Secretary of State for the State of Kansas; The Honorable Hans von Spakovsky, Senior Legal Fellow at the Edwin Meese Center for Legal and Judicial Studies at The Heritage Foundation; and the Honorable Matthew Dunlap, Secretary of State for the State of Maine. Welcome all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn in before they testify, so please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Mr. DeSantis. All witnesses answered in the affirmative. Thank you. Please be seated.    In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written Statement will be made a part of the record.    With that, Mr. Husted, you are up.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Husted. Your time has expired. We are going to take your Statement, it will be entered in the record, and you will have the ability to expand on some of that with our questions.    The chair now recognizes Secretary Kobach for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes Mr. von Spakovsky for 5 minutes.    Mr. von Spakovsky. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The U.S. already has a problem with non-citizens being able to easily register and vote with little chance of detection or even prosecution. There have been numerous such cases from Florida to Virginia to Ohio to California. These ineligible voters could make the difference in a close election. Let me just give you a few examples.    In 2010, a Florida immigration judge issued an order in a removal case for a Cuban citizen who entered Miami in 2004. She voted in the November 2004 election. This was not detected by local election officials; it only came to light because she applied for a change in immigration status. She initially lied about voting, but admitted it after DHS uncovered it in a check of local voter registration records. If she had not tried to change her immigration status, she could have easily continued to vote illegally, without detection.    This is not an isolated case. In 2005, a GAO report said that it found that 3 percent of the 30,000 individuals called for jury duty from voter registration rolls over a 2-year period in just one United States district court were not U.S. citizens. Now, that may not seem like many, but 3 percent of registered voters would have been more than enough to provide the winning margin in Florida in 2000.    In just one 3-year period, from 2002 to 2005, the U.S. Justice Department prosecuted a dozen non-citizens for registering and voting in Florida, including a non-citizen who had been a candidate for the State legislature. These cases were discovered accidentally, not through any systemic review of election records.    The current Justice Department is not interested in enforcing these laws. In 2011, when I was a member of the Fairfax County electoral board in Virginia, we discovered 278 individuals who had registered to vote, despite Virginia DMV records showing they were not U.S. citizens; 117 of them had voted. We provided that information to the Justice Department; no action was taken to investigate or prosecute these cases.    A voter registration card is an easily obtainable document that an illegal alien can use for many different purposes. Federal law requires employers to verify the identity of new employees. The Federal I-9 Form provides a list of documentation that can be used to establish identity, including a voter registration card.    A Federal grand jury in 1984 found large numbers of aliens registered in Chicago. The grand jury reported that aliens ``register to vote so they can obtain documents identifying them as U.S. citizens and have used their voter cards to obtain a myriad of benefits, from Social Security to jobs with the Defense Department.''    Now, Federal immigration law requires DHS to ``respond to any inquiry by a Federal, State, or local government agency seeking to verify or ascertain the citizenship or immigration status of any individual. However, it is only since Florida successfully sued DHS, in 2012, over its refusal to verify citizenship data for election officials that the Government has finally started working with State election officials and given them limited access to the Systematic Alien Verification for Entitlements, or SAVE, data base.    President Obama's executive action for as many as 5 million aliens will greatly exacerbate this problem just given the sheer numbers of new individuals who will be given quasi-legal status to be present and working in the U.S. These aliens will be given Social Security numbers and will obtain driver's licenses. Thus, it will be easier for them to register to vote illegally, since they will be able to meet the Help America Vote Act's requirement that voter registration applicants provide the last four digits of their Social Security number or their current driver's license. As a result, it will be more difficult for election officials to prevent or detect non-citizens who intentionally or negligently affirm their eligibility to vote and use these new ID documents.    What I would recommend is as follows:    First of all, all Social Security numbers issued to aliens should have the letter N to designate non-citizen at the end of the number so they can easily be identified as non-citizens.    DHS should work with the States to develop a more accessible process or system to verify the citizenship of registrants, especially those who get deferred action.    Congress should investigate why DOJ is not prosecuting registration and voting by non-citizens, which are serious criminal offenses.    They also should investigate whether DHS is granting citizenship or deferred status to aliens who have illegally registered or voted in past elections.    All Federal courts should be required to notify local election officials when individuals are summonsed for jury duty from voter registration rolls are excused because they are not U.S. citizens.    And a voter registration card should not be acceptable as ID on the Federal I-9 Form in States that have not implemented proof of citizenship requirements.    Thanks.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes Secretary Dunlap for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Secretary Dunlap.    The chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes.    If you look at the President's executive order, I think, as has been pointed out by some of my Democratic colleagues, it doesn't say anything about voting; it talks about the work permits and the Social Security numbers, kind of the positive benefits that will result from this exercise of ``prosecutorial discretion.'' But it doesn't say anything about voting.    So, Secretary Kobach, what would your response be when people say the President didn't even address voting. How could this possibly be an issue?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. Husted, you wrote a letter to the President after he issued these executive actions, this was late January 2015, and you wanted the Federal Government, I think, to cooperate with the State so that you could ensure the integrity of the elections. Have you received a response from the Administration about that letter?    Mr. DeSantis. And what would you like the Administration to do and how will that help you do your job to ensure elections with integrity?    Mr. DeSantis. And do you concur with that, Mr. Kobach, would that be helpful?    Mr. DeSantis. Mr. von Spakovsky, you are somebody who is very knowledgeable; you write a lot on voting issues. Are you familiar with this Richmond Chattha, and Earnest study that came out in 2014 about non-citizens voting in the 2008 election?    Mr. von Spakovsky. I am familiar with it.    Mr. DeSantis. I think, as I read that, it was their contention that, and I think as people have pointed out, you are talking about some of the big national elections. There may not be enough people who are non-citizens to make a huge difference, but in 2008 it was these authors' contention that there were enough non-citizens that voted in North Carolina to shift those electoral votes one way, and that the 2008 Senate race in Minnesota, the margin of victory was lower than the number of non-citizens who voted. Is that an accurate reStatement of what they concluded?    Mr. von Spakovsky. It is. Now, I should mention that there has been some debate over the validity of that, but they based that assessment on something called the Comprehensive congressional Survey, which was a survey of literally tens of thousands of voters in the 2008 and 2010 election. Look, you can debate that. The authors of the study actually posted a long article in The Washington Post in which they answered some of the claims of critics, but that shows that we do have a potential problem; and the actual prosecutions that have occurred shows it is a real problem.    Mr. DeSantis. Secretary Dunlap, in Maine, if somebody gets a work permit based on the President's executive action, will that, ipso facto, entitle them to get a driver's license in Maine?    Mr. DeSantis. But Maine, though, you would think it would be unacceptable if a work permit comes in, nothing else; no rubber stamped driver's license in Maine, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. OK.    I will recognize the ranking member here in a second, but I just would like to respond to one contention that was made about the fact that there are penalties for people who vote illegally in the Country, and that if somebody obtained work authorization, that could actually lead them to be removed from the Country and sent back to their home country.    The problem with that is I don't think that any of those penalties have any bite whatsoever anymore, because we know, for example, by DHS's own admission, they released, in 2013 alone, 36,000 people who were illegally in our Country and had been convicted of criminal offenses, in some cases very serious offenses like homicide and rape and aggravated assault and drug trafficking. And of those 36,000 in 2013, guess what we now know? One thousand of them have already been convicted of new crimes. So you literally have a situation in which these folks were in the criminal justice system, being convicted. Supposedly we say that would be a penalty that people would be sent back to their home country. And yet they are released into society by DHS and now other people have been victimized already, less than 2 years later.    So I appreciate the fact that there are penalties. I just don't think that those penalties have very much teeth, given the way this system has been administered in the last couple years.    My time has expired and the chair will now recognize the ranking member of the National Security Subcommittee, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The chair now recognizes Mr. Jordan, chairman of the Benefits Subcommittee, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back.    The chair now recognizes Ms. Norton for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Her time has expired, but I will let you answer that, then I will recognize Mr. Walberg.    Mr. DeSantis. The chair now recognizes Mr. Walberg for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair notes the presence of the committee chairman, Mr. Chaffetz. Would you like to be recognized?    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from California for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Without objection, it will be so entered.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back the balance of his time.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes Ms. Kelly for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Without objection.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentlelady yields back.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Carter for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair asks unanimous consent that Mr. Husted's letter be entered into the record. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. DeSantis. The chair now recognizes Mrs. Watson Coleman for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. Without objection.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentlelady's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Duncan, for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman yields back.    We are happy to welcome Mr. Castro from Texas, who is not on the committee, but asked to be waived on, and I will now recognize you for 5 minutes.    Mr. DeSantis. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. DeSantis. The chair recognizes the gentleman.    Mr. DeSantis. The ranking member, the chair recognizes.    Mr. DeSantis. Without objection, it will be so entered.    Mr. DeSantis. Well, let me thank the witnesses for your time and providing your input. I think part of the issue that we are seeing emanating from what the President did is we are really in unchartered law. I mean, this is kind of a law-free zone. The work permits that are issued are not contemplated by the statute; the different benefits have never been passed by Congress. So this is going to trickle down to how that new status that has been created by executive fiat is going to interact with State laws, and I think it is going to be confusing and I think that the President was wrong to do what he did, and I don't think that that is how the system is supposed to operate.    But I do appreciate all of you for coming here today.    This hearing is now adjourned.