    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Gentlemen, thank you for being here. I will try to be brief.    And, Dr. Lynch, I want to go to one of the statements that you made about the fact that terrorism is ebbing and flowing. We shouldn't pay too much attention to it. That is just going to happen the way the Middle East is, if you will. But I would like to have this submitted for the record and wonder if you have seen this.    Mr. Scott. This is the DIA Intelligence Assessment from 2004 to 2014. In 2004, we were dealing with 21 total terrorist groups in 18 total countries. And today we are dealing with 41 terrorist groups in 24 countries. I certainly respect your opinion and agree with it on many things, but I would suggest that that is more than an ebb and flow. That is a significant growth and an ideology that is dangerous to the world.    What would you assess the population of the Islamic extremists or terrorist--whatever we want to call them--in Iraq to be, the total number of them?    Mr. Scott. And, for the record, you know, the U.S. working to undermine Assad and move him out, I have read some of your statements on--I personally think the U.S. made a mistake. And when we undermine those leaders in those countries, we end up creating a vacuum that allows these extremist groups to expand. But I have read some of your statements there. But the total number for Iraq, if you would?    Mr. Scott. If I can, but look----    Mr. Scott. Sure.    Mr. Scott. Let's use that number. I am trying to move fast because I want to give my colleague the opportunity to ask her questions as well. How many fighting-age men are in that country?    Mr. Scott. Let's first--okay. I will use whatever number.    Mr. Scott. Here is my point, and this is what I want to come at you on, General, if there are 5,000 Islamic extremist terrorists, whatever we want to call them, inside a country that has 5 million fighting-age men, no matter what battle we win, if we get the rules of engagement right, they have got--if they are moderates--that is a 50,000-to-1 margin. And if 50,000 to 1 isn't enough of an advantage, then what is? So this is where--this is why so many people in our part of the world identify this as Islam because, clearly, 50,000 could overrun 1 if they wanted to.    So, General Flynn, my question for you specifically, if we get the rules of engagement right--which I certainly don't trust the President on--but if we get the rules of engagement right, there is no doubt in my mind that we can win any battle over there. But if they in Iraq have a 50,000-to-1 margin versus the Islamic terrorists and they can't control that, what good can we do?    General Flynn. Yeah, so I was asked a question back in 2002, when I was first in Afghanistan, and I was asked how many enemy are we facing in Afghanistan at that time, 2002? This was in April-May timeframe 2002. And I said, we are looking at about 35,000. So the next question was, Okay, so if we kill or capture all 35,000, can we go home? Do we win? And the next part of that answer was, no, because there is another half a million on the other side of the border in this place called the FATA . So it is the same sort of analogy today. We can capture and kill all day long, but until we deal with, you know, these others that are there, these other millions or whatever that number is, we are going to be at this a long time. And that is why the military component of this makes us feel good when we do something, we kill somebody; we get a leader. But it is all the others that are there, you know, ready to join this movement and fight against our value system, and that is just something that we are going to have to--that is the wider strategy that we need.    Mr. Scott. And that is why I think training and equipping and supporting our allies becomes the most important part of this strategy.    General Flynn. Exactly, across the region, across the region.    Mr. Scott. Absolutely.    The Chairman. Ms. McSally, I think we have got time for a couple of questions if you would like to go ahead.