    Ms. Huck. Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to present testimony on the military resale system and its value to military families.    Military families tell us that the commissary is one of their most valued benefits. While we understand and appreciate the need for efficiency and fiscal restraint, we caution against making changes to commissary funding levels or operations that put at risk a benefit many families rely upon.    When discussing the commissary benefit, it is important first to understand what that benefit really is. Our association has argued that the commissary benefit is not just the existence of a brick-and-mortar grocery store on an installation; rather, the benefit is the savings that service members and families see when they shop at the commissary. Those savings are a vital non-pay benefit relied on by many military families, especially junior service members and those families in remote or high-cost locations. Any proposal to alter the commissary operating structure or reduce its funding level must, in our view, also preserve the savings. Those savings are not insignificant.    The Defense Commissary Agency, or DeCA, reports that families who regularly shop at the commissary save 30 percent over civilian grocery stores. We recognize that individual families' level of savings will vary based on their location and shopping habits. However, DeCA's mandate to sell groceries at cost plus 6 percent provides all military families with the assurance that they will be able to put food on the table at a reasonable cost regardless of where they are stationed.    The unique challenges of military life increase the importance of the commissary benefit. Due largely to frequent military-ordered moves, military spouse unemployment rates are far higher than their civilian counterparts. For this reason, many military families must get by on a single income. Many junior families actually qualify for nutrition assistance through the Women, Infants, and Children, or WIC, program. Commissary savings allow those families to stretch their food dollars and help ensure that even the most junior service members can feed their families.    We hear often from military families who tell us how much they value the commissary benefit. When we posted an article on our Web site about recent proposals to cut commissary funding, dozens of military families wrote back to share their experiences with the commissary. One military spouse wrote, ``We are a family of six and have been in the military for 17 years. The commissary is something we have relied on at every duty station we have been. We are currently stationed in Alaska and use the commissary and the exchange on a weekly basis. With the prices in Alaska being higher than what we are used to, the comfort of the commissary made it easier to make sure I have all I need to feed my family.''    Several recent proposals regarding the commissary include plans to reduce the appropriation and use revenues generated by commissary sales to operate the resale system. We ask you to consider, if such a plan is adopted, what would happen if revenues were to decrease. This concern is not unfounded. Last year the Department commissioned the RAND Corporation to study what would be the effects of increased commissary prices. Not surprisingly, RAND found that if prices increased, fewer military families would choose to shop at the commissary, leading to a reduction in commissary revenue. We fear that faced with lower revenues, DeCA would be forced to reduce operating hours, lay off employees, and ultimately close stores in order to cut operating costs.    We are gratified that the DOD has expressed a commitment to preserving commissary savings in its recent factsheet on the resale system. However, much depends on how DOD defines what it calls the tangible and intangible elements of the benefit, and what metrics it uses to ensure its goals are met.    We ask Congress to require transparency from the Department as it develops plans to optimize the resale system. Military families deserve the assurance that any changes to the military resale system prioritize their well-being.    In closing, we note that maximizing revenue has never been a priority for the commissary, nor should it be. The mission of the commissary is to provide military families with a vital non-pay benefit, the savings they realize by shopping there. In our view, DeCA has fulfilled this essential mission effectively and well. Before making any changes to the commissary's operations, we ask that you first consider the impact on military families, who rely on commissary savings to help ensure they are ready and able to support their service member.    Thank you very much for the opportunity.    Ms. Huck. Mr. Chairman, our concern is that DeCA does not have the expertise to develop a private label product, and we are concerned about what the extra expenses and logistical responsibilities would be incurred if DeCA were to be required to provide a private label product.    Right now the commissary sells name brand items that patrons are familiar with and they have the assurance that those items are of high quality and low cost. We are concerned that asking DeCA to develop a private label product would not give patrons that same assurance of quality.    Ms. Huck. I would add that the system is very interdependent in the sense that the large commissaries with a lot of volume help support economies of scale that support commissaries overseas and in remote locations here in the United States. And so our concern is that any change to the system that makes families less likely to use the commissaries in these locations, such as here in the National Capital Region, will lead to less revenue available to support those commissaries in locations where families not only rely on the savings, but rely on the physical aspect of the store on the installation.    There are many locations even here in the United States and certainly overseas where families have few shopping options and certainly few affordable shopping options, and so we are very concerned about how any change to the commissary system will affect those families who are in locations where the physical presence of the store is critical to their well-being.    Ms. Huck. I would add that we are very focused on transparency when it comes to making any changes to the commissary system. Right now, as Mr. Gordy and Mr. Nixon have pointed out, the system as it is structured is very clear. Families understand essentially how items are priced.    Any changes to that that are not clear to families, I think, is going to really inspire a lack of confidence in the system and the quality in the store that right now they rely upon. So we are asking for transparency in any changes that DOD makes moving forward.    Ms. Huck. I would answer what we would ask you not to do, which is make changes that affect the shopping experience for the military family and the service members who shop there. There are certainly efficiencies that can occur at the--above the store level that might make the system run more efficiently, and we would certainly be open to that, but anything that affects the shopping experience of the military family or service member, we think the value--the quality of the shopping experience itself and the access in terms of operating hours is an important part of the benefit.    Ms. Huck. Mr. Chairman, I would say that Brooke actually made the point in her statement earlier that she had the confidence when she moved here to a high-cost area that the cost of her groceries would be the same here as it was when she lived in Florida. And that is our concern when we talk about variable pricing and setting the savings level based on what is available outside the gate versus a national standard, you run the risk that families in high-cost areas are actually going to ultimately be paying more, because the 30 percent of the cost in the DC area is a different value than 30 percent when you are talking about a lower cost area.    So part of, I think, what makes the commissary so appealing right now to families is that reassurance that wherever they go, the prices are going to be consistent, and we would be concerned about anything that might potentially take that assurance away from families.    Ms. Huck. Our concern would be that the pay, leaving housing allowance out of the equation, your pay is the same whether you are in Tupelo, Mississippi, or in San Diego. And so we don't want to see families who are in high-cost areas put at a disadvantage.