    Mr. Rossow. Thank you, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Sherman, members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to testify at this hearing on U.S.-India economic relations.    I will focus my remarks on two main issues that I think must be addressed in order to deepen our economic partnership with India and create new opportunities for American firms. First is that we have to bridge this gap that exists in our approaches to global trade, and the second is we must engage India's regional leaders more directly.    Since Prime Minister Modi took office in 2014, our bilateral relationship has strengthened mightily, though I think in surprising ways, ways that we didn't expect to see. We expected the Modi government to have a strong economic focus, which it has within political limitations. But I think what you could have expected was the establishment of a stronger ideological framework guiding the continued expansion of our strategic partnership. We now have a big disparity, shared security goals that guide that strategic partnership, highlighted I think by the Joint Strategic Vision on Asia-Pacific and the Indian Ocean Region signed last year. But we don't have a similar ideological construct that guides our economic engagement.    Now kind of following on what others have stated before me, but a few examples that highlight the lack of a common ground on global economic issues, today we are no further along than we were 8 years on signing this investment treaty; in fact, a little bit further away, since both the United States and India have amended our model treaties which I think take them further away than they were at the outset.    India is not part of any of the wider trade agreements that the United States is a party of, and a wide chasm remains between our positions on many issues in the World Trade Organization. Now, in truth, I think it is likely that the Indian Government will only begin to approach global trade talks more proactively once their agriculture and manufacturing industries become more globally competitive. The two sectors make up 70 percent of India's workforce, yet contribute only about 45 percent of India's GDP.    But there are a wider range of shared interests. Both countries are hotbeds of innovation. We both have strong services economies. Both have large net trade deficits, particularly with China. We face similar challenges in the way that we have been engaging on global trade issues, and our firms bring complementary to markets like sub-Saharan Africa. I think there is actually a foundation of issues that could create a bit of a more powerful economic narrative on why we should be partners rather than constantly fighting on these big global issues.    The second issue I want to highlight is the importance of developing a more robust whole-of-government strategy to engage India's powerful state regional leaders. State governments--I mean, I have already heard it a number of times today about Modi reform, has he done enough; has he not done enough?--state governments actually have a much deeper control on India's business environment outside of things like high-level market access than national leaders do. Issues like electricity, water, sanitation, infrastructure, industrial licenses, and law and order, these are all issues that the states actually govern far more than the Federal Government has a hand in.    India's two national parties, Congress and BJP, combined only control 16 of India's 29 states right now. With a few notable exceptions, most of these state leaders actually have very little vision today for what partnership with the United States looks like.    In addition to the strong impact on the local business environment, regional parties in India also have a strong influence on central government policymaking. Regional parties hold the majority of seats in the upper house of India's Parliament.    Also, while we talk about the BJP's electoral victory in the 2014 national election, it is the first time in 30 years that any party won a single-party majority in the lower house of Parliament. We can expect that in the not-too-distant future we will see coalition governments again, and these regional parties played a dramatic influence on policymaking in the last government under coalition governments.    Now taking a step back, I think the Modi government's track record on reforms is somewhat underappreciated. From the U.S. viewpoint, the day that he stepped into office there were four main areas of contention in our economic relationship: Contentious taxation policies; lack of progress on new market access reforms, particularly foreign equity caps; treatment of pharmaceutical patents, and the establishment of forced local content rules in several manufacturing sectors. Those are the four that I saw as really kind of driving the negative sentiments and the hope when Modi stepped into office.    I think 2 years later we have actually seen robust movement on cross-border taxation policies and at the same time dramatic improvement on foreign equity limitations. About 30 sectors have actually seen foreign equity limitations removed or lessened somewhat since he came into office, but we have seen less movement on local content rules in manufacturing and patent laws.    Now these are, of course, the economic agenda as it matters to American firms and policymakers. There are also other reforms that I think haven't been appreciated on this side of the ocean, but in terms of growing the Indian economy and providing new opportunities for American firms would do so. Liberalizing the oil and gas sector; they liberalized the coal sector; transparent auctions for the first time with public resources like spectrum and mining licenses; delicensing defense production of the private sector.    These reforms and India's relatively-high growth rates compared to other countries I think make it an important market to American firms, as has already been stated. Now our economic relationship going forward will benefit from forging a set of shared principles behind global economic issues and for better engagement with India's powerful state leaders.    I was also asked by the committee to offer a couple of recommendations for this committee and for Congress. And so, two things that I have in mind on that.    First, I think the pipeline of congressional visits is terrific, and I think using that kind of an opportunity to engage some of these regional leaders, as what happened with Prime Minister Modi, in fact, before he became the leader of the country, is important to maintain and build on, not just Delhi and Bengal and Bombay, but some of the other regional capitals as well.    Second, we have an election coming up. As I like to joke, you don't become Secretary of State based on your policy toward India. So, we don't really know what the next administration, whoever it is, what their position is going to be on key issues in India. But Congress will still be there, and there is going to be an important role to make sure that we maintain quickly and deeply with India after the election takes place.    So, thank you again for inviting me to appear before the subcommittee.    Mr. Rossow. Yes. Let me start with the second one on sales via the internet. I am actually working on a piece right now to try to break down the various and strange ways that companies have to contort in order to sell something to a consumer in India.    So, if you are selling to businesses, there is one regulatory regime. You know that, yes, broken down. They have already started to liberalize on e-commerce to some extent.    The idea about marketplace, kind of like eBay, where individuals sell to individuals via an administered platform, that is already allowed. Or just say that it is not discriminated against. So, that is one model that is allowed.    If you manufacture in India, you are allowed to sell online directly to consumers. And if you have single-brand investment in India, so like a Nike store or Apple store, you are allowed to sell directly to consumers.    Those changes have been made largely under the Modi government so far. So, they have incrementally, I think, been chipping away at the ban on foreign investment in e-commerce. But, still, the big opening I think on a multi-brand, you know, the kind of e-commerce platforms that we see here in the United States where you buy directly from businesses carrying multiple brands over the internet still isn't there.    Now my conversations with Indian officials, it is on the cusp. I suspect that is one of the reforms I think in the next year or two you are going to see. They have been, as I mentioned, kind of incrementally moving their way in that direction. So, I think it is on, I would say, the short list of next FDI reforms. But, as to the timing, is it 6 months from now or a year from now, I can't be sure.    Mr. Rossow. Yes, I think it might. But what you have to watch out for is are there going to be provisions on local sourcing rules, things like that that in other areas where they have opened up retail trade have proved to be a bit of a poison pill. So, you always look for what are the qualifiers that will attach to a policy like that. Some policies get opened up to 100-percent foreign investment with very few restrictions. Other policies you see things in there that would actually preclude investors coming in.    Amazon, though, is actually one of the largest e-retailers in India right now, but it is on the marketplace model.    Mr. Rossow. Yes, it is a strange tree, watching the different ways you try to get something in consumers' hands.    Mr. Rossow. Changes on this side, that is a great question, rarely asked, I think, in our bilateral relationship. They want more visas. They want lower visa fees. They would like a Social Security agreement that allows Social Security payments made by H-1B-holders to be exempted from payment or reimbursed at the other end. So, they do have, I think, a short number of issues.    Mr. Rossow. On trade, there are still some technology----    Mr. Rossow. Right now, we are looking at an investment treaty as probably the biggest thing that is on the agenda.    Mr. Rossow. Yes, every meeting I have with Indian Government officials, they have a difficult time articulating what is kind of in it for them, because they have got access to our market. So, it is really is, will that be attractive enough to bring new investors to India in the sectors they desire, rather than it being a market access opportunity for Indian firms on our side.    Mr. Rossow. I am not aware of any restrictions based on American movies being there. There are some restrictions on TV channels, foreign ownership of TV channels and things like that, which could be a pipeline for more American contents coming into India, but, otherwise, unrestricted.    Mr. Rossow. Well, there still are a number of sectors where they have put up restrictions on foreign companies selling in the market. So, for instance, let's talk about defense trade. There is a 30-percent direct offset requirement for defense sales. You have to produce some portion of that locally.    The solar policy, which demands local content to qualify for certain tax benefits, there were policies developed during the last government, which this government hasn't removed, which look at local content as well for government contracts on electronics, on communications, things like that.    So, there are a wide range of sectors where there are, I think, more explicit rules that limit American trade or force some of it under local content to be able to qualify for certain deals. Those are the main ones that I am aware of.    Mr. Rossow. I think we will. I mean, talks about actually creating a liability regime in India that will accommodate American interests for developing are ongoing. American companies aren't allowed to actually invest in the plants there. So, it is going to be contracts as suppliers. Will the material be built in India? Probably not anytime soon for American companies. So, I think so, but it depends upon whether or not they get this workaround for the liability issue done in a way that accommodates American trading concerns. So, it looks like it is headed in the right direction, but nothing is done.    Mr. Rossow. Yes, Andhra Pradesh. I will say Maharashtra, just to be a little bit different.    Mr. Rossow. I probably would pick that. If you would give me three, I would say those three, Maharashtra, Gujarat, and Andhra.    Mr. Rossow. I agree with, actually, what both said. Areas like development of film and content and things like that where India has an offensive interest, we have got a lot of alignment. But, on pharmaceutical, our industries are based on different models. And so, it is very difficult for us to kind of bridge that gap. It is absolutely night and day. So, to find common ground in that scenario is extremely difficult.    But Sadanand had mentioned on pharmaceutical pricing, it is kind of a new issue that we see, I think, new attempts to regulate pricing. Also, medical devices is another issue that is kind of like related to that that we are seeing. So, nothing further than what my colleagues had said on that.    Mr. Rossow. I will just tie in a loop your question and the chairman's question, actually. The sectors that I mentioned where India has restrictions on foreign trade, whether it is solar, electronics, IT, telecom equipment, this is pretty much China's top exports to India.    So, when these issues came up, it wasn't reaction because, of course, we have a trade deficit. It is exactly not explicitly, but going after the areas where China has major exports to India.    India's trade balance overall is declining in the last couple of years, as a lot of countries are, but their trade deficit with China continues to go up. So, that has even been augmented while they have been reducing oil imports and other things as prices come down.    Mr. Rossow. I think the previous administration and the fact that they had such strong support from the communist parties in India, they managed to tilt the discussions over the foundation agreements, so that it sounded like India was giving away the store, that a logistical sharing agreement meant that we had open basing with India, that we had backdoor channels where we can steal communications from the equipment we sold.    The fact that the communists are no longer a force, the BJP is not reliant upon them, that voice I think that managed to sink it last time around, when those talks began 8 years ago, is gone. So, that leaves an open door.    I mean, it is in the press right now that these talks are happening. You don't feel that kind of blowback against it. So, I think the stage is set for progress on the foundation agreements.    On the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative, I think that exactly exhibits why long-term vision is critical, because we have put forward more than a dozen projects to the Indian side and got no response. But, as soon as we started talking about aircraft carrier technology, jet engines, the things that hit exactly on where India saw its future and strategic interests, as soon as we put those on the table as longer-term working groups, they came back and we got four project agreements, well, we got four agreements and, then, two which will result in project agreements. So, we have only got four. Two of those don't look like they are moving very fast. Hopefully, we can get some new ones added to the list now.    But I see tremendous progress. Even if there frustration occasionally that two of them aren't moving that quickly, it is talked about as one of the most tangible, cogent examples about where partnership goes. So, in terms of a guiding star, I think it has also provided a great opportunity for us.