    Mr. DeSantis. I thank the chairman.    I tell you, my friend from Kentucky, it may be incompetence, or it may just be a willful disregard of the preservation order and a willful disregard of the subpoena that this committee issued in August of 2013. And so those are two very, very important actions.    And yet, Mr. Camus, in early 2014, your report demonstrates 422 backup tapes were destroyed by the IRS, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So we have clear guidance, mandatory guidance, and yet they destroyed the tapes. So if a taxpayer had been asked by the IRS in an audit to produce certain documents to justify their tax returns, and they just decided that some of the things they didn't want to produce or claim that they were destroyed or destroy them, something tells me that would not fly. And so you have an agency here that's operating under a different standard than they impose on the American taxpayer, and that's unacceptable.    June 13, 2014, John Koskinen, in front of--his letter to the Senate, in front of this committee, later confirmed that the backup tapes with Lois Lerner's email no longer existed. And yet, your report shows that by doing basic due diligence, you found 13 backup tapes that had Lois Lerner's emails on them after he made that statement, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. And not only did you find the backup tapes, you found approximately 1,000 at this point unique emails from or to Lois Lerner that the IRS never produced to this committee; is that accurate?    Mr. DeSantis. And Commissioner Koskinen--I remember sitting here. The chairman, our current chairman when he was one of the regular members, he pressed Koskinen: ``Are you going to give us all of Lois Lerner's emails?'' Finally, Koskinen says, ``Yes, we will give you all of Lois Lerner's emails.''    Now, the IRS claimed, Mr. Koskinen claimed that the IRS went to, ``great lengths and made extraordinary efforts to recover her emails.'' When Commissioner Koskinen said that the backup tapes no longer existed that they confirmed, the IG, what did you do to verify that? You drove out to the facility in West Virginia and asked for the tapes, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Now, do you consider that to be an extraordinary effort?    Mr. DeSantis. Basic due diligence. I'd say the bare minimum of due diligence.    And so for Commissioner Koskinen, you go to great lengths, above and beyond the call of duty, and you don't even look where the backup tapes are found. That doesn't sit right. And I think the problem is, and I think we've seen this with Commissioner Koskinen's attitude that he really has had a contempt for this entire investigation, he doesn't think the IRS should be bothered with it; he's dismissive of the misconduct that occurred by targeting Americans based on their view points; and he's not done anything to really meet the standards that he's laid out here by getting us everything that we've asked for. And, of course, the proof is in the pudding, because this has dragged on and on and on.    So I think that the American people are left with a sense of major frustration. I think that they don't like to have a situation where there are all these rules and regulations they've got to follow, but then somehow when things are subpoenaed by a government agency, government people can then go ahead and destroy the documents, destroy the tapes, destroy the emails. And this is not the only context the IRS, throughout our whole government, where that happens. There's other things that have been subpoenaed as we know that have been destroyed.    So this is just simply unacceptable. And I think that there needs to be accountability for it. I mean, if you're destroying backup tapes that were under subpoena and that your own agency said needed to be preserved, that's either a willful disregard of what was required or a level of incompetence that is so stunning that you clearly are not fit to serve. And so I think either way, those individuals need to be held account.    And I don't think you can have an IRS Commissioner come in front of the Congress, testify under oath that he has confirmed that all the backup tapes have been destroyed, the emails are unrecoverable, when he did not even do the basic due diligence that the IG did by going out to the facility in West Virginia where all the backup tapes are and getting those backup tapes and looking.    And the thing is is, you know, there were 13 backup tapes with Lois Lerner's emails. You also found, what, over 700 that, at the time, you didn't know what was on them. You had to check. And so there would be no way to know that it was only 13. And so there were even more backup tapes that were there that were going to cover the time period and could have been relevant before you did it.    So, Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this update, and I know this is just the beginning of our efforts to hold this agency accountable on behalf of the American people. And I yield back.