    Mr. Manne. Thank you. Thank you, Chairman Burgess and Ranking Member Schakowsky, and members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear today.    I am the executive director of the International Center for Law and Economics, a nonprofit, nonpartisan research center; a formerly law professor. I used to work at Microsoft. And I had what I like to call the most illustrious FTC career ever because, at approximately two weeks, it was probably the shortest.    I am not typically one to advocate for active engagement by Congress in anything, no offense, but the FTC is different. The FTC is unique. Despite some congressional reforms, the FTC remains the closest thing we have to a second national legislature. People don't see it that way, but its jurisdiction really does cover nearly every company in America. Section 5, the heart of the FTC, the substantive part runs about 20 words. That leaves an enormous amount of discretion for the Commission to use in a way that is effectively making policy decisions that are essentially legislative.    The courts were supposed to keep the agency on course, but they haven't. As former Chairman of the FTC Muris has written, the agency has traditionally been beyond judicial control.    So, it is up to Congress to monitor the FTC's progress, to tweak them when the FTC goes off-course, which is inevitable. That is not a condemnation of the FTC's dedicated staff. It is just that this one-way rachet of ever-expanding discretion is simply the nature of the beast.    Yet, too many people lionize the status quo. They see any effort to change the agency from the outside as an affront. It is as if Congress was struck by a bolt of lightning in 1914 and the perfect platonic agency sprang forth and there is nothing we can do to improve it.    But in the real world an agency with such massive scope and discretion needs oversight and feedback on how its legal doctrines evolve. So, why don't the courts play that role? Well, it turns out companies essentially always settle with the FTC in its consumer protection work because of its exceptionally-broad investigatory powers, its relatively-weak standard for voting out complaints, and the fact that those decisions effectively aren't reviewable in federal court.    And then, there is the fact that the FTC sits in judgment of its own prosecutions. So, even a company that doesn't settle and actually wins before the administrative law judge, even in those cases, when the FTC staff comes back to the Commission on appeal, it wins 100 percent of the time. Well, able, though, the FTC staffers are, this cannot be from sheer skill alone.    So, whether by design or neglect, the FTC has become a largely unconstrained agency, again in Tim Muris' words. But please understand, I say this out of love. To paraphrase Churchill, the FTC is the worst form of regulatory agency except for all the others.    Eventually, Congress did, of course, have to course-correct the agency, to fix the disconnect, to apply its own pressure to try to refocus this evolution of Section 5 doctrine. A heavily Democratic Congress pressured the Commission to adopt the unfairness policy statement. The FTC promised to restrain itself by balancing the perceived benefits of its actions, of its unfairness actions against the costs, not acting when an injury was insignificant or consumers could have reasonably avoided the injury on their own. This was inherently an economic sort of calculus.    But, while the Commission certainly pays lip service to this test, you would be hard-pressed to identify or even know whether it is being implemented in practice. Meanwhile, the agency has essentially nullified the materiality requirement that it volunteered in its 1983 deception policy statement.    Worst of all, Congress failed to anticipate that the FTC--not the omniscient Congress of 1914, this was later--Congress failed to anticipate that the FTC would resume exercising its vast discretion through what it now proudly calls its common law of consent decrees in data security cases. Combined with a flurry of recommended best practices and reports that function as quasi-rulemakings, these settlements have enabled the FTC to circumvent both congressional rulemaking reforms and meaningful oversight by the courts.    The FTC's data security settlements aren't an evolving common law. They are a static restatement of reasonable practices repeated about 55 times over the past 14 years. At this point, it is reasonable to assume that they apply to all circumstances, kind of like a rule would, which is more or less the opposite of the common law.    Congressman Pompeo's SHIELD Act would help curtail this practice, especially if amended to include consent orders and reports within its scope. It would also help focus the Commission on the actual elements of an unfairness policy statement. Those should, indeed, be codified through Congressman Mullin's SURE Act. Mr. Vladeck and I will have some words about that, I suspect.    Significantly, only one data security case has actually gone before the court, an Article III Court, one. The FTC trumped its Wyndham as an out-and-out win, but it wasn't. In fact, the court agreed with Wyndham that prior consent orders were of little use in trying to understand the requirements of Section 5.    More recently, the FTC suffered another rebuke. While it won its product design suit against Amazon, the Court rejected the Commission's fencing-in request to permanently hover over the company and micromanage practices that Amazon had already ended.    As the FTC grapples with the cutting-edge legal issues of today, it is drifting away from the balance it promised Congress. Congress can't fix these problems simply by telling the FTC to take its bedrock policy principles more seriously. Congress must regularly reassess the process that has allowed the FTC to avoid meaningful judicial scrutiny. The FTC requires significant course correction, and significant course correction over time, if its model is to move closer to a true common law.    Thank you.    Mr. Manne. You said that last part so fast, I couldn't hear what you said, but I got the first part.    Mr. Manne. Well, I think an important source of guidance that is often neglected--Josh may have just mentioned this--which is the reasons that a case is closed, right? That, in and of itself, is actually extremely informative guidance. As Josh said, you can certainly convey that information in a way that doesn't disclose any confidential information and would be particularly useful. It used to be done that way at the Commission. Even when you didn't have an incredibly fulsome sort of closing letter, there are examples of closing letters that at least would enumerate the bases on which the investigation was closed, sort of the issues that they looked at. Well, that in itself is huge.    Now I could suggest a whole welter of more things that should have been asked in that letter and that should be looked at. This is the kind of situation--I am not saying we would have to do it here--where economists, as with pretty much everything at the agency, are incredibly useful. And despite Mr. Vladeck's claims to the contrary--I believe he said something to the effect that it would be enormous cost and no gain--I tend to believe, especially in an agency of the sort like the FTC where in the unfairness context it is asked to take on an essentially economic calculation, that having some economists actually help with that calculation would be particularly useful. I think it would be enormously useful, but I certainly think I could identify positive value to it.    The fact that there may be a cost to it is not a reason not to do it. There are tradeoffs to everything, right? I think, well, that is what economists would say, I guess.    Mr. Manne. Well, yes, you hit on what is the real problem. To my knowledge--David and Josh can correct me if this isn't right--to my knowledge, there isn't a set 20 years for everything, but that is what it effectively is. It is not a 20-year program, as far as I know. It is just that, miraculously somehow, all of these companies that are wildly divergent, engaged in wildly different activities, different sizes--sometimes you have got deception cases and, then, you have unfairness cases. You have situations that it is sort of begs belief to think that they would entail precisely the same remedy.    If you cared about getting your remedy right, so if you had some economists talking to you--apologies--they might say something like you want your remedy to lead to an appropriate optimal level of deterrence. You want the right level of punishment. Because you want to deter the bad conduct, you don't want to overdeter the good conduct, right? You know, everyone sort of understands this stuff.    It cannot be the 20 years is appropriate in every single one of those situations.    Mr. Manne. Well, yes, of course. It is one of the elements that should be considered, just like every other element should be considered. Now it happens that, actually, these consent decrees, at least in the data security cases, they pretty much all look identical. Never mind all of those differences that I mentioned, they all look at least extraordinarily similar. And that strikes me as problematic, too.    Now it is possible. It is possible that, when the FTC adopted the Safeguards Rule under Gramm-Leach-Bliley, to relate to data security issues at financial institutions, it is possible that they hit upon the optimal menu of data security practices for every company that has ever come in front of the FTC. It is possible. I think it is really unlikely, though.    And I could take three days talking about what I think is going on here; I will try not to.    Mr. Manne. But I don't think it is what we want to be going on.