    Ms. LARREA. Thank you, Chairman Buchanan, Members of the Committee, Member Crowley. I appreciate the opportunity to speak this morning. I so appreciate Barbara Doucet and Omni joining us. I am Laurie Bouillion Larrea, President of Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas, which is the Workforce Board for Dallas City and Dallas County. 2.5 million people in that single county and we are blessed with an unemployment rate of 3.7 percent. So that means workforce is the number one issue on everyone's mind. Very much like Florida. We are having a blessing and yet a challenge. Talent is in demand. Last year alone, 99,000 new jobs in North Texas. That's a 13 county area. It's very difficult. Our options are to upskill the workers that we have, import workers from other states, pull youth into the workforce earlier, or we hunker down, educate, train, and bring people who are unemployed into the workforce.    Despite the robust economy and diversity, too many people in Dallas remain challenged by poverty, under-employment, limited opportunity, and not realizing their full work potential. The primary customer in the Dallas model is the employer. We strongly believe jobs make life possible. Better jobs make for better lives. I've been the executive for the Dallas Board since 1989. I've seen a lot of things come and go. Cycles of poverty, cycles of public programming.    But one thing that we believe is very true is that a meaningful job benefits the family far better than welfare benefits. We made huge strides in the workforce system in Texas, which most of you are very familiar with. We have the major five federal programs that come into a system in Texas. Those programs are TANF, Wagner-Peyser, the SNAP food stamp program, and unusually so, the Childcare program. And I'll talk about that a little later. And then also WIOA, Workforce Innovation Act. Thank you very much. That was an excellent change in legislation.    These federal grants were awarded to the Texas Workforce Commission. And thus we create a system. A system approach in Texas that converts these programs into a highly visible talent pipeline. Specific for connecting employers to job seekers. Specific for those people who are not engaged in the employment world. In the past two years, our board has also accepted a challenge from the Commission to take on Adult Education. Our partner is the Dallas County Community College District. We founded Work-based Learning.    It's very hard to incentivize people to get a GED at a time when the economy is as good as it is. We need the leverage of the employers in a work-based environment. We also specialize in sector-based strategies. And the Metroplex has done that for over 15 years, looking at our error space, our health care, all of those sectors that are prominent.    The WIOA vision will be fully realized in Texas September 1, when we integrate the employment of people with disabilities. That's coming to this one pipeline of underutilized talent that is so desperately needed by our employers and jobs that are needed by the people that we are serving. Our TANF system is a talent pipeline unto itself. We have divided the services into two packages, talent development and employer services. That is the key to a good workforce system.    Despite dependence on TANF, we believe that the person should come through a door marked ``Job Seeker'' without the stigma of having been on public assistance during this time. We also believe that we are seeking solutions through work. Work teaches work. We know historically, assistance teaches assistance. I've been doing this for a very long period of time. And I can tell you, we need a solution that includes work and additional services. In our system, we're concentrating on a full work rate in Texas. So just in the two to three years that we've done this, we've increased participation from 31 percent to 45 percent. And we have cut the denominator, the people needing services, in half.    After securing the job, we do want to work continually with the participant. This is getting the Adult Education Certificates that they need, working with the employer to see that they can do the best that they can do. In terms of advancement, much as we have done at Omni. And we believe that two things must be addressed. Early child development. The only way to break the cycle is early child development. The three year old today is our workforce in 18 years. If they have not come through the system well, or they've been left in poor care, we do have an issue. Beyond that, we are looking at the teens. Bringing someone into the workforce at 18 just doesn't get it. We need to start them in jobs as early as possible.    We have our Mayor's Summer Interns program. Mayor Rawlings has been very proactive in putting kids to work, but there just aren't enough jobs without a little public assistance. The jobs reward academic accomplishment with teens, provide quality private sector jobs, great role models, and hopefully create an aspirational youth that is no longer looking at dependency on public assistance being the only option. I thank you all so much for listening. And we hope to assist you in this perspective. It's time to make a change.    Thank you.    Ms. LARREA. Thank you, sir. We have also done, as Barbara mentioned, the community aspect of this. Many people still live in poverty in our community. I've noticed that--and Barbara named H.I.S. Bridgebuilders, City Square. Most recently, we have new partnerships coming. Wrap-around services, coming from the faith-based and non-profit communities, doing things that we cannot necessarily do.    Ms. LARREA. That engagement in the solution has been as valuable as the project itself and the public investment. Having people come together with a common cause. That common cause is community, restoring what we need. Invaluable. You can't put a price on that one.    Ms. LARREA. And ownership. Ownership of the solution as a community coming together. So we've been very lucky. People are the asset. And if you don't, you know--I think Florida said it. It's not about taxes anymore, it's about whether or not you can find the work for it, where you're going to move your company, where you're going to expand your company. We've been very, very lucky, and yet I'm a little concerned about not having enough people.    Ms. LARREA. That is an interesting challenge. But I started my career down in Southeast Texas, on the coast. So I know very well about getting people to stick, getting the jobs to stick. I think one of the things that we spoke about was early learning, early education becoming part of the work for kids, teenagers coming to the job. Do you have an aggressive teen program? If you don't, you need one, where the teens would become familiar with the seasonal work and buy into that, become part. That becomes just a mainstay. We have it with Six Flags. Kids know when those jobs open, and they make their way there. The other would be job sharing. Finding a compatible off-season job so that people don't have to pick a job for a season. They actually know I work ``here,'' and then I shift to ``this job''. It's bringing it to them in a way that they can organize. If they have good organizational skills, they probably wouldn't suffer from unemployment and poverty. They need that networking and that, the explaining it to them.    Ms. LARREA. I would strongly support the sliding scale conversation. I think what we neglect to recognize is there is a very large cavity between benefits and still living in poverty and under-employment. And we seem to think you just jump over that gap. Well, that gap is rather large. That's why we have such an increase in food stamp rolls that are not part of public welfare. So I like the idea of a sliding scale.    Ms. LARREA. Zero to three.    Ms. LARREA. Absolutely. I wish we had a lot more resources to do it. But our employer partners, and I know Omni is a partner in the Meers Fellowship Program. Kids, kids are transformed by work. They are. They see a future that isn't at home. It's different.    Ms. LARREA. A lot of partnership and advocacy, particularly with government working with business. But we also are now taking Workforce into the jails. Into the Dallas County Jails. Teaching GED and ESL inside the jails and then hopefully bringing them into the community college system for skills. Skills will possibly overshadow an offense, in this kind of competitive market.