    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Shotwell, I am aware that your company is concerned that the EELV launch capability contract will provide possibly an unfair advantage to your competitor, ULA. But, like ULA, your company does have other government contracts. In fact, your company receives money from NASA for the Falcon 9, Version 1.1, I believe.    Mr. Lamborn. Just real quickly as I go along here, what would be the amount of that contract?    Mr. Lamborn. And that is your only contract with NASA?    Mr. Lamborn. And how much is that for?    Mr. Lamborn. So, with that in mind and just to put everything in context, how do we define ``fairness''? And I would like to hear from each of you on that.    I mean, obviously, it sounds like you both are doing a great job of getting the applicable agencies to trust you to provide certain goods and services.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you.    Mr. Bruno, how would you respond to that question?    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you all for being here.    And General Hyten, greetings from Colorado Springs. I know people that work for you or associated with contractors helping you, and they certainly have a lot of respect for what you are doing, so thank you so much.    For any one of you, I have a question. Now, I was concerned because in a March 27 House Science Committee hearing, Garrett Reisman or Reisman of SpaceX testified, quote, ``With each flight, the Falcon 9 launch vehicle also continues to undergo improvements to safety, reliability, and performance,'' unquote. Does that mean that it is a moving target? That--I mean--General Hyten.    General Hyten. Yes, sir. So the interesting thing about launch is that pretty much every launch that we fly, doesn't matter whether it is a ULA launch, an Atlas, a Delta, whether it is a SpaceX launch, a Falcon 9, there is almost always first-flight items on that launch. We continue to mature the technology. We continue to provide additional capability. We focus on that, and we have a very disciplined process for how we bring those things on.    The certification process incorporates all of those things coming in. It is not going to be an issue for us working through that. We know how to do that kind of business. We know how to bring new capabilities on. We will continue to do that with SpaceX just like we have done with ULA, sir.    Mr. Lamborn. Would any of you add to that, or does that pretty much sum up what your thoughts are?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. All right. Thank you.    And secondly, General Hyten, at a February 25 hearing at the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense, the Secretary of the Air Force stated that, quote, ``SpaceX has not really been part of our EELV program yet, right. They are trying to get certified to be part of it, but if you look back in time they have had various mishaps,'' unquote.    What was the Secretary of the Air Force getting at by that statement?    General Hyten. So, the Secretary is pointing out, and we have had the same issues with launches, is that not every launch goes perfect. And so SpaceX has had some internal anomalies in the launches that they have done. Those are proprietary information, so I would be glad to share the details with you in a private setting, but I don't want to share them in a public setting. But we have also had the same things with Atlas launches. We have had the same thing with Delta launches.    And we go back and look at that. But the most important thing to remember is each one of those was a mission success. The actual rocket was successful as we went through. So, the Secretary was talking about issues with SpaceX in terms of anomalies that they have had. We continue to pursue those anomalies. We have worked those out with SpaceX. We have also done that with ULA. That is a normal way of working in the launch business. We will continue to do that with SpaceX.    The tricky part is that you can never extrapolate them into a national security space launch, because some of our requirements are very stringent and so when you ask the question, would the Falcon 9 have worked if you were launching this kind of rocket, it starts turning into a multidimensional helix where you just can't figure out all the variables and turn it into an answer that makes sense. But the good news is that every one of their launches have worked. It has been a mission success. We just have to work through the issues with them.    Mr. Lamborn. I am just going to finish up with a very general question just to illuminate my understanding better. What is at risk? If you take one of these heavy launches, how much time is involved in putting the bus together and then how many dollars are involved, in a worst-case scenario? And I don't want to go into detail, and can't, on what capability we lose. That is huge also. But how much time do we lose, and how many dollars do we lose with one of these heavy launches?    Mr. Lamborn. Exactly.    Mr. Lamborn. And lastly, I am running out of time, how many years are we talking about to duplicate it?    Mr. Lamborn. Well, thank you so much. This is so critical. I appreciate your help.