    Mr. Gosar. Thank you, Chairman.    Mr. Neffenger, TSA employees report that directed reassignments have been used improperly to force out disfavored employees. Do you believe this is an ongoing practice at TSA?    Mr. Gosar. Well, I am glad you went that way because I would like to illustrate Mr. Brainard, who testified before this committee, that he was issued a directed reassignment from Iowa to Maine in 2014 with no apparent need or justification even though the move cost him significant financial hardship. His replacement and the person he was replacing were issued similar reassignments. In your opinion, was this an appropriate use of directed assignment, and if so, what is your justification?    Mr. Gosar. So now, Mr. Brainard has also testified that he had an excellent performance evaluation. He was reassigned to a smaller and less complex airport. The person he replaced did not want to leave, and the person reassigned to replace him reassigned because accepting their reassignment would cause him hardship. Can you further explain the decision to move forward with this reassignment?    Mr. Gosar. Oh, it may have happened before, but, I mean, you are responsible, are you not, sir?    Mr. Gosar. Now, Andrew Rhoades was issued a directed reassignment in February of 2015, which was stayed by the Office of Special Counsel due to concerns of retaliation for protected whistleblower activity and ultimately rescinded by the TSA. Can you explain how Mr. Rhoades' reassignment was approved?    Mr. Gosar. Now, part of the justification for Mr. Rhoades' reassignment was to sever past loyalties due to suspicions he was a source for the media, which he denies. Do you consider this an appropriate justification?    Mr. Gosar. So was Mr. Rhoades' directed reassignment approved by the Executive Resources Council?    Mr. Gosar. Now, have you disciplined anybody at TSA for their role in this reassignment?    Mr. Gosar. I mean, if there is a--you know, and in many cases with law enforcement, people are put on administrative leaves. Has anybody been put on administrative leave or anything like that?    Mr. Gosar. Now, do you stand by the validity of these reassignments or do you have any reason to believe that they were improper?    Mr. Gosar. Yes.    Mr. Neffenger.--again, I'm going to--I will await the Office of Special Counsel's review. I think it's important that we look for an independent review of that to determine whether or not there was improper use there. I will tell you that I don't think the manner in which we were doing directed reassignments prior to my arrival was justifiable. And even if it was appropriate, it wasn't done in a way that was open, transparent, fair, and otherwise controlled, which is why I changed it and we put significant controls on that process now.    Mr. Gosar. And do you--on updates on reassignments, are they periodic or are they a daily basis? How are they done in your office?    Mr. Gosar. Well, I thank you. I am just running out of time so I will yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.