    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you both for being here today to take our questions and inform us on many things.    My first question is: How many nations are considered part of the coalition of this fight in Iraq today?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. Who would you say are the top 5, maybe 10 contributors? Because 60 is a big number, and I don't know if that means somebody is donating a box of pens or really being engaged? So who would you say are the top contributors to this effort?    Dr. Wenstrup. And is it a good mix, say, of our traditional allies, like our NATO allies and Middle Eastern allies?    Dr. Wenstrup. Okay. Thank you.    Yeah.    General Austin. If I could add to that. You know, I--you recall back on the 23rd of September when we began flying missions into Syria, that night we had five Sunni Arab-led nations that flew with us on that attack. And that was really remarkable. And I think it speaks to the conviction of the folks in the region to really want to stand up and deal with this very horrible entity, ISIL.    And for the most part, they have stayed with us and they are still flying, and I think that speaks volumes in and of itself as well. And there--as Ms. Wormuth said, there are a number of countries that are contributing in various ways from everything from helping the counter--the ideology to providing kinetic capability.    Dr. Wenstrup. Thank you.    I somewhat envision that we could have basically two coalitions, if you will. Because I think it would help the Arab nations to have their own coalition and not appear subservient to us and to our coalition, but that we are working together. And I think if we had that posture and that is what the world saw, it would help those nations engage better and serve us all a little bit better and coordinate on command and control.    Let me ask you one question as it goes to the AUMF, and I am really not trying to be flippant about this. But as a commander especially, I just don't--I would--maybe finish this sentence for me. You know, how does--finish this sentence: Publicly stating that we won't use ground forces or large brigades is a good idea because?    General Austin. Sir, how about if I take another approach and give you my thoughts on----    Dr. Wenstrup. With all due respect, I thought you might say that, sir. Go ahead.    General Austin . Present commander.    Dr. Wenstrup. Go ahead.    General Austin. So rest assured that I am going to ask for whatever I need to accomplish the mission as a commander. And, you know, I think we should--we should focus our efforts by providing good, clear mission statements and objectives. But as a commander on the ground or commander of the region--in the region, you expect for me to ask for what it is I need to be successful, and so you can count on me always doing that.    Dr. Wenstrup. I appreciate that. And what I don't want to do is ever tie your hands on that. I think it is great if we can use other forces, but at the same time, I would not want to tie your hands and put you in that position.    Thank you very much. I do appreciate it.    I yield back.    The Chairman. Ms. Gabbard.