    Mr. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As you can imagine, defense budget spending is a major issue on Capitol Hill right now. By way of example, I was just notified that in a few minutes I am supposed to meet with the chairman and some other GOP HASC members about the Tom Price budget and the President's budget.    We all understand the adverse effect the Budget Control Act of 2011 and sequestration has had on defense capabilities. I want to focus on a little bit different light, the President's budget proposal versus the Tom Price budget proposal and how that impacts what you do.    In that vein, the President has proposed a budget, $561 billion for base national defense, $51 billion for overseas contingency operations--OCO--for a total of $612 billion.    The Tom Price budget complies with the requirements of the Budget Control Act of 2011. Base national defense spending is at $523 billion, but, as a sweetener, he adds $90 billion for the OCO, totaling $613 billion.    So you have got $612 billion in total defense spending, President Obama, $613--a little bit more--Tom Price, but then you have got the base difference of $38 billion more under the Obama proposal, OCO $39 billion more under Tom Price.    Shifting this money from base to OCO, how does that affect your commands in the programs that you oversee? And if we could just go from my right to left, General Mann first, Admiral Syring, and on down.    General Mann. Thank you, Congressman.    I would say that what is really essential is that we have some predictability with our programs so that we are able to work with our industry partners and provide a plan or a requirement that is not subject to a lot of variability in terms of what the funding is going to be. So I would just leave it at the fact that predictability is key.    Mr. Brooks. And which provides better predictability? The base or the OCO?    General Mann. I think having more in the base would provide that predictability.    Mr. Brooks. Right. Thank you.    Mr. Brooks. So, if I understand correctly, as OCO spending has been spent in the past, the additional sums going to OCO would have no beneficial effect for the MDA?    Mr. Brooks. Admiral Gortney.    Mr. Brooks. Mr. McKeon.    Mr. Brooks. Consistent with what we have stated, the adverse effect of money being in OCO as opposed to base, there seems to be an effort behind the scenes to free up OCO so that, in effect, we would have one massive budget of $613 billion and OCO funds could be used as base funds have been used in the past, understanding that this would be novel understanding, that we would have to get the votes from somewhere to make this change in our laws.    Would that affect your answers any?    General Mann. Again, Congressman, going back to my earlier point, I think predictability and the rules, the authorities, surrounding those appropriations would be key. Whatever would give us that predictability that would limit the amount of variability I think is what we are focused on.    Mr. Brooks. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see my time has expired. Please forgive me. I am going to run and see what the chairman of Armed Services has to say.