    Mr. Scalise. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you having this hearing.    Mr. Adelstein, I know you talked in your opening statement about a lot of the work that has been done to expand spectrum, of course, a lot of that within this committee where we have come together to make more spectrum available. I know the chairman has been a great leader in that effort too.    One part of that equation absolutely is expanding more spectrum, and then of course, the other part of that is your members--where you all come to actually build it out and to build that infrastructure to take advantage of the new spectrum. If you could maybe share with us some of the challenges or hurdles that your members face to make the investment that they need to make to take advantage of that spectrum and hopefully even make more spectrum available in the marketplace?    Mr. Scalise. It is a little bit better than the CBO estimate, Mr. Chairman, wasn't it?    Mr. Scalise. Hopefully the CBO recognizes the value of the spectrum that clearly everyone else seems to know about.    Mr. Scalise. They were off by a little bit there.    Mr. Scalise. And clearly on Federal lands too, we have been grappling with that here trying to remove some of those burdens, not just in the spectrum space but in a whole lot of other areas, especially as it relates to energy production where Federal lands and even in the local areas, some of those restrictions make it really hard to experience a lot of the economic opportunity we can. Thanks for that answer.    Mr. Moffett, I want to ask you, in some of your analysis, if you could share with us some of the similar challenges that--you know, what are some actions maybe that Congress or the FCC can take to further expand the opportunities for WiFi, for broadband?    Mr. Scalise. Well, final question as I am running out of time, Mr. Slinger. When Google Fiber was being deployed, it has been reported you all were able to work with some local governments that gave some exemptions, maybe some expedited approval processes so that not just your but other new entrants were able to move things a lot quicker. If you can talk in general about the ability for more local governments to take more of that deregulatory approach and how deregulation in a sense of helping expedite the expansion of technology has helped you and could help others to develop even more broadband?    Mr. Scalise. Thanks for your answers. I yield back the balance of my time.