    Mr. Rikkers. Representative Fudge, thank you for the question. HFFI, as you note, is a critical program that supports healthy food and financing across the country. Many of our programs, not just within the Rural Business--Cooperative Service, but also across other parts of the USDA are integral to that program. We are looking for guidance.    We have not yet had funding within that program within the RBCS, or Rural Business--Cooperative Service. As Under Secretary Mensah cited just moments ago, the importance of healthy, local foods in our rural communities is something that we are attempting to address with other programs we have within RD, but certainly something we are looking to Congress for support for funding.    Mr. Rikkers. Thank you. One of the flagship programs within the business programs that we have at RBS is the Business and Industry Loan Guarantee Program. Certainly it can guarantee loans up to 80 percent, but as those projects get bigger, it is only guaranteeing in some cases up to 60 percent. What those B&I loan guarantees are able to do is really extend credit into rural communities where lenders by themselves without that 60 percent guarantee may otherwise not be ready or available to lend those dollars.    And I was in South Dakota in May and went into an industry park and visited two of those projects where we extended that capital in a town just outside of Sturgis, South Dakota, and watched the work of these local lenders, met local lenders that with our loan guarantee were able to extend that credit, grow jobs, and create the economic development that the program is intended to do.    The Chairman. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Peterson, 5 minutes.    Mr. Rikkers. Thank you, Ms. Plaskett, and its Rikkers for the record.    Mr. Rikkers. Yes thank you. First I want to thank this Committee for its commitment to the Rural Energy for America Program, REAP as we know it as. You asked specifically what is the status of REAP today, and what does it look like compared to 5 years ago?    We have had a year where we have had more than $80 million in REAP grants and a record number of REAP loan guaranteed dollars obligated that we will do this fiscal year, and I am proud of the work of our staff both in the national office and the field for that work.    Just touching on the point that has been made a couple times about the private-public partnerships even with the REAP grants, that is only 25 percent of a project; and so every time the Federal Government invests $25 in REAP dollars in a grant, that is leveraging $75 in private investment into those rural small businesses and agricultural producers that are using those dollars to make investments in renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements.    Mr. Rikkers. The projects really span a gamut of renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvements, whether that is solar, wind, anaerobic digestion. We have geothermal and hydro.    I think part of when you really make the comparison between now and 5 years ago, what we see is because of the outreach of our staff, we are reaching further and are more geographically diverse. That is we are spending the REAP dollars not in just one area of the country. Five years ago REAP dollars were investing probably predominantly in the Midwest. We really have seen 36 states this year alone have used their entire REAP allocation on the grant side. And so we are really proud to see the REAP dollars going across the country to the various different types of technologies.    Mr. Rikkers. Representative Adams, I am not familiar with that specific case, but I understand the issue. CDFIs are an important partner across many of our programs, and we have used them under the B&I loan guarantee program.    If a CDFI is connected or partnered with a traditional lender and bank or a credit union, which many CDFIs are, then we can work with a CDFI.    In those cases where a CDFI is not connected to a traditional or regulated lender, there is a route for CDFIs to qualify under the B&I program as a nontraditional lender. And I am happy to circle back with your staff and work with our staff to see if those avenues have been explored.    Mr. Rikkers. Representative Abraham, thank you for the question. There is also a project in Louisiana that is a modeling of the partnerships that the Under Secretary is referencing. There is a biodiesel facility that took a grant, it was a REAP grant, about $370,000 in REAP grant--and, remember, that is only \1/4\ of the grant cost--so a level much larger that was invested by the private company that was asking for that.    In addition, they combined that REAP grant together with the $10 million B&I loan guarantee. And so if there is a project in your state where they were taking multiple programs from RD together with a private biodiesel firm and a private lender, all packaging it together, ultimately opening up new industries and developing an economy, a really vibrant economy for rural communities.    Mr. Rikkers. Thank you, Congressman Rouzer. It is a unique opportunity to speak to someone who was at least close to where I am today. It is special. So thank you for your question.    To your first question of the reorganization draft plan that we have now, it is a proposed reorganization within the Rural Business--Cooperative Service that is working its way through the Rural Development review. Before starting this review, we made sure, first and foremost, that we made sure that we communicated effectively and had spent time with the staff of both the appropriations staff of the Senate and House and the authorizing staff of both the Senate and the House. And have also met with stakeholders that have an interest in the reorganization.    The reorganization is minor in the functioning of RBS. What it does is it makes some changes to our program so that we can better manage the responsibilities that, first, Congress has given us in our energy programs through the 2014 Farm Bill. It also changes and improves the management so that the important work that we do for cooperatives is better integrated with the core programs that we deliver. All of the functions that are currently being done now at RBS will continue to be performed. Although we think that through this reorganization, that we will be able to manage it more effectively.    To your point about the Value-Added Producer Grant, it is a coveted program within RD, first, for the Committee, and the Committee instructed the USDA in the 2014 Farm Bill to make sure that it prioritized new and beginning farmers, as well as veteran farmers. And so in the new regulation that was published earlier this year, those priorities are reflected in the new regulation.    We are working diligently, and we will be making awards by the end of this fiscal year, and we look forward to the results. And we know that they will reflect those priorities that this body had us incorporate into the regulations. So thank you.    Mr. Rikkers. We are at a historic low, I am proud to report. The default rate, or delinquency rate, nationally is under five percent. It is 4.87 as of this morning. So thank you.