    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, you and ranking member, for holding the hearings on low-level radioactive waste.    I would like to thank all our panelists for being here. I share concerns of many of the subcommittee that the Federal Government needs to move forward to find a suitable site for greater-than-Class C radioactive waste.    It is my hope that Department of Energy and NRC are taking all safe options under strong consideration in working with private sector and local communities to find a solution that is the best interest of all the impacted stakeholders.    Mr. Weber, on January 30th of 2015, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality sent a letter to the NRC requesting responses to questions concerning the State of Texas' authority to license of disposal cell for the greater-than-Class C, GTCC-like and transuranic waste.    I understand that in July in a paper to the commission the NRC developed three options and recommended one of these options, Option two, in allowing the State of Texas to license and regulate the disposal of GTCC waste.    Is this correct?    Mr. Green. I know the NRC has yet to vote on this. But can you talk a bit more about the proposal and why the staff recommended allowing Texas to license and regulate the disposal of the GTCC waste?    Mr. Green. Is there a time frame for that?    Mr. Green. Is there any guidance from the NRC on if the commission decides to go forward with it and develop it is there any guidance from NRC? Do you work with the commission in Texas? Has this happened before with any other State the NRC is working with?    Mr. Green. Our committee, obviously, has jurisdiction--the subcommittee and the full committee over the NRC and we have had innumerable hearings over the last few years about what we are going to do with not only the low-level but also ultimately the high-level.    And so I just hope that the NRC would work with our Texas commission because if this is the first location in the country that would be able to accept this GTCC waste, it could be a prototype, I would hope, because the rest of the country needs to also develop their own waste sites because west Texas is a big place but I don't know if it is that big.    So, Mr. Chairman, I have no other questions and thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Green. OK. Well, Bill, you are closer to west Texas than I am.