    Ms. HAHN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me just start by saying thank you to you and the ranking member for taking a moment before we started today to remember our colleague, Mark Takai. I would consider him a friend of mine. He actually lived in my building here in D.C., and actually was on the same floor that I was, so I ran into him and his wife and his kids many times.    One of my fondest members was during the cherry blossom season. I had been here for 5 years. I never had made it down to the Tidal Basin to actually see the cherry blossoms. He and his wife invited me to join them, so that was just like April, and I spent about an hour and a half with them down at the Tidal Basin. He took these great photos of me and I took great photos of him, and I am really going to miss Mark. In a short period of time here in Congress, he really made his mark and made a lot of friends. And it seemed like he got more done in like 18 months than I think a lot of people have in much longer careers. So we will miss him. But thanks for taking the time to honor him this morning.    So I am going to talk about technology as well, Mr. Shoraka. Apparently, the map of the eligible HUBZones, it seems to have continuous problems. And even back in the Bush administration, GAO noted serious issues with the map and recommended that it be updated regularly to ensure its accuracy. So when my staff, my millennials accessed the map, they noticed it was really extremely difficult to use and not very high tech. When the map is zoomed out, it does not appear to show any eligible zones for Los Angeles County, where my district is located. You have to zoom in a considerable amount to see the zones in my district, and when the map is accessed using a smartphone, it is apparently even more difficult. So what can you tell me that SBA is doing to make this map more user-friendly, and do we have any plans on making it more of a mobile-friendly app, particularly for smartphone users?    Ms. HAHN. What is the timeline on that?    Ms. HAHN. So it is one thing for it to be, you know, not user-friendly. It is another thing to actually cost someone their job, which is what happened to a business in my district. They had to let an employee go because the map showed the employee did not reside within the HUBZone and, therefore, the business was not going to meet their 35 percent residential requirement. Later, the business found this to be an error on the map. However, this was after the employee lost their job. So again, it is one thing for it to not be user-friendly; it is another thing for it to contain errors that actually would cost somebody their job. That was very disturbing when I found that out.    Ms. HAHN. Yeah, let us pay attention to this.