    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen, and let me also take just a moment to welcome back the members of this committee and our three new members as well. I would like to note that Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen and I have worked to make this committee function in a bipartisan way, and while their may be differences of opinion, we appreciate the way the members of this committee have found areas to work together. And we hope that that spirit of bipartisan continues this Congress.    Thanks to our panel for being here. You are familiar faces to this subcommittee, and we welcome you back.    There is no doubt that this hearing comes at an extraordinary time in Israeli-Palestinian relations. After nearly 2 years of dialogue and talks, the peace process is stalled, and we are finally facing what many of us have feared, an effort by the Palestinians to circumvent negotiations altogether.    But achieving a state through unilateral measures has failed, and it will always fail. Nevertheless in a move that will only set back his cause, President Abbas went to the International Criminal Court, and despite U.S. efforts to halt PA's accession, U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon has announced that the PA will become members of the ICC on April 1. Perhaps more importantly, the PA has already ceded territorial jurisdiction to the ICC, allowing for the initial steps of an investigation. And as we will hear from our witnesses today, the ICC has never undertaken a case like this, and it is unknown if this moves forward, how long an investigation might take and what the implications might be.    This kind of unilateral action is unacceptable. It is an egregious breach of U.S. trust, and despite the repeated warnings of Congress and the administration, despite changes made in U.S. law to respond to these actions, President Abbas chose to take these reckless actions that do nothing to advance peace, nothing to advance peace. And so, in response, I and other senior members of this committee have informed the administration that in the meantime, no new aid to support the PA will be approved. Other strong measures of disfavor will be considered by this committee and by this Congress.    Now let me be clear: I don't want to see the breakdown of cooperation between the PA and Israel. It is in both of their interests to continue strong security cooperation in the West Bank. This coordination prevents terrorist attacks. It leads to the neutralization of Hamas operatives, and it saves innocent Israeli and Palestine lives. The ending of such cooperation could lead to increased violence and attacks on Israel. And I hope that those in the Palestine authority who use a cutoff in security operation as a threat understand the implications of this for their people.    Madam Chairman, so many of us want a genuine peace, a peace with two states for two people. I want to see Israel continue to thrive as a safe and secure democracy, and I would like to see stability and success for the Palestinian people. But the actions that we have seen by President Abbas over the last few months move us further and further from this goal. Longstanding U.N. resolutions, as well as U.S. and Quartet policy, states that lasting peace will only come through direct negotiations. There are hard choices that are going to have to be made on both sides, but simply refusing to negotiate, circumventing the established process, not getting back to the President of the United States to respond to proposals during negotiations, suggests a clear unwillingness to make those hard choices. Israel faces terrorist threats on every one of its borders. Hezbollah is armed with tens of thousands of rockets, and as we saw last week, is willing to attack. Hamas digs tunnels and launches rockets at Israeli civilians. Terrorist in the Sanai launch attacks in the south, not to mention the existential threat of a nuclear-armed Iran. So for those of us who seek peace, we know that Israel's safety and security must never be compromised, which is why many of us here have a hard time understanding why anyone who believes in peace would ever choose to partner in a government with a terrorist organization, one that launched over 3,000 rockets at civilians this summer, one that has never recognized Israel's right to exist, has not recognized even Israel's very right to exist, has never renounced violence, and continues to incite violence on a daily basis.    So what happens next? What are the ramifications if the ICC continues to move forward with an investigation? Well, U.S. law is clear. There will be no aid to the Palestinian Authority, but more broadly, these actions fundamentally have changed the relationship between the United States and the Palestinian Authority. And the question that I have for the panel is, have we reached the place where negotiations are simply out of reach?    And I look forward to hearing from our wonderful group of panelists today, and I yield back.    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    I just want to follow up, Mr. Makovsky, with Ms. Pletka's last comment about aid and what might happen and just ask you directly. Walk us through what would happen if the PA were to run out of money, if they were unable to pay salaries or were to collapse. What impact would that have on the Palestinians? What impact would that have on Israel?    Mr. Deutch. I want to just go back to the bigger picture of the decision to go to the ICC, which strikes me as really just a diversion. It is a diversion from problems within the PA, and the bigger issue is the fact that there is this effort to go to the ICC at the same moment when the PA is still trying to sort out what role Hamas is to play with them.    Now, we have had hearings on that in the past. I would love someone on the panel to speak to where things stand from your perspective with respect to the relationship between the PA and Hamas, the role that Hamas continues to play, the reports that Hamas has essentially thrown up its hands and said that its up to the PA now to decide what to do with Gaza. Where are those relations, and how is it that we are ultimately able to go forward at all until we sort out the fact that there is no place for a terrorist group within the Palestinian Government?    Mr. Deutch. You say they want to wait it out.    Dr. Schanzer, what does that mean for U.S. policy? They want to wait it out, and yet there is still an existing relationship that we have take into account, don't we?    Mr. Deutch. Thank you. I yield back.