    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, for holding this hearing, and thank Chairwoman Comstock and Chairman Smith for being here this morning and all of the witnesses for being here. As you all know, we finished up our work for a few weeks last night, so I'm glad that we're able to still hold this hearing.    Efforts to streamline and reduce the burden of administrative requirements placed on academic researchers while maintaining a strong system of accountability and scientific integrity are not new. The Federal Demonstration Partnership (FDP) began 30 years ago, and the Council on Governmental Relations, which represents and supports universities in complying with federal regulations, dates back to the post-WW II era.    However, as research budgets have flattened or declined and our best and brightest young researchers increasingly look elsewhere, the topic of reducing the administrative burden on federal research has taken on new urgency. The FDP reported that academic researchers spend 42 percent of their time on activities other than academic research, including administrative burden. That number has since been challenged, but I think we all agree with the basic premise of this hearing and all of the related reports: too much valuable time of our researchers is wasted on excessive compliance with excessive regulations. Issues like subrecipient monitoring, micropurchase threshold, biosketches, open access policies, and time and effort reporting adds up to a lot of time for researchers. I understand this from my own experiences as a college professor, through discussions with former colleagues, and from talking to researchers and research university administrators as I have served as Chair and then the Ranking Member of this subcommittee for the past eight years.    The Uniform Guidance issued by the Office of Management and Budget in December 2013 made several steps in the right direction. For example, it provided flexibility for universities to examine alternatives to traditional time and effort reporting on grants including using payroll systems to verify work performed. Inspectors General, who opposed this change, still have full authority to conduct audits of those systems to ensure accountability for federal funds. Unfortunately, the Uniform Guidance also included changes that increased administrative burden without obviously increasing accountability, such as the reduction of the micropurchase threshold for competitive bids.    Two years ago, we held a hearing to review the findings and recommendations from the National Science Board about reducing the administrative burden on academic research.    Today we are reviewing two more recent reports, one from the National Academies and the other from the GAO. In response to these reports, and working closely with the stakeholder community, I developed bipartisan legislation, H.R. 5583, to implement some of the key recommendations to Congress. This bill, the University Regulation Streamlining and Harmonization Act, would address issues around researcher biosketches, the micropurchase threshold, and other regulations on academic research.    However, the most important part of the legislation is the creation of a Research Policy Board at OMB. The board would allow members of the research community to meet with agency and OMB officials to suggest ways to streamline rules across agencies. This board would not be able to overrule or delay any actions taken by OMB, but rather would serve to give the research community a seat at the table to help advise against overly onerous research regulations both now and in the future.    This bill has received strong support from the research community, including endorsements from the Association of American Universities and the Council on Governmental Relations among others. While the clock is ticking on this Congress, I hope we will be able to implement at least some of these proposals, if not this entire bill, before the end of the year. Either way, I hope that OMB, OSTP, and federal research agencies will continue to work on the issues identified in these reports and in my legislation.    These hearings on administrative burden, along with the legislative efforts offered by myself and Chairwoman Comstock, should demonstrate clearly to the research community and agency officials alike that this Committee is engaged on this issue and will continue to provide oversight and fix problems as they are identified.    With that, I want to thank today's witnesses for your contributions to these efforts and for your testimony. I look forward to a fruitful discussion, and I yield back.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. Chairwoman Comstock, I'm intrigued now by the videogames at George Mason and what the connection is here.    Chairwoman Comstock. Game Institute.    Mr. Lipinski. Game Institute. Okay. I'll have to come out and visit.    I want to say that obviously the purpose of regulations is to make sure that there's accountability, we try to rid any kind of waste or fraud but I think it's very important as Dr. Faulkner had talked about in his statement. I just want to read this from the National Academies report here. I think it's very important to make sure we focus on ``Continuing expansion of the federal regulatory system and its ever-growing requirements are diminishing the effectiveness of the Nation's research investment.''    As I said in my opening statement, we are unfortunately seeing the flattening out and sometimes diminishing of research dollars at the federal level, unfortunately, and we cannot afford to diminish those dollars further through regulation, and I think it's important that everyone understands what this really means, and as Dr. Faulkner talked about, the waste of time of researchers, that really is a great loss not just to those individuals but to our entire research enterprise and in our country, and so I think it's very important that we make sure that people realize that.    I wanted to have a couple of our witnesses expand on a couple of the points that were--that they made. The Research Policy Board, I want to ask Mr. Luther first, what do you see as the value of the Federal Government? Can you just expand on the value of the Federal Government working closely with institutions in developing the regulations and requirements for research?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    Dr. Faulkner, do you have anything you want to add on that?    Mr. Lipinski. That happens to me all the time.    Dr. Cabrera, do you have anything to add? You don't have to.    Mr. Lipinski. Well, if I can take a little more time, I wanted to at least briefly touch on something else that Dr. Faulkner raised about the Inspector General. The 1978 Inspector General Act says the purpose of the IG also is to promote economy, efficiency and effectiveness in the administration of programs, and you touched upon that in your statement. Can you expand on that? Obviously you don't think that--or it seems to me that you are saying that that's not always the understanding that the IG brings to part of what their job is.    Mr. Lipinski. Does the two months' summary salary issue at NSF fall into this?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you very much, and I thank the Chairwoman for being here. I know you didn't have to be here this morning, so I appreciate it.    Chairwoman Comstock. We appreciate the professor too being here with his expertise.    Let's see. I wanted to see if we could maybe draw a picture for us. I'm thinking when I visited George Mason, Dr. Luchini I guess was named one of the 40 most brilliant people in the world working on Lyme disease research, I think some cancer research, because the nanotechnology is kind of coming together in some ways, or Dr. Petricoin, who was also with us on some of those visits. How is their day and time--because when I think of having the asset of one of the 40 most brilliant people in the world working on these important diseases and chronic conditions that we want to cure and find, you know, new information on, how is their day impacted? How is their work impacted because of these regulations? Maybe if you can give us a picture of what Dr. Luchini or Dr. Petricoin have to do as a result of these regulations, that helps sort of give us the urgency of, we want them on task, and having seen some of those brilliant things that they're working on, I really don't like the thought of them having to do much else besides put their brains to this good work.    Mr. Lipinski. I think we've covered many things here. I just want to see if there's anything--I'll open up. Usually the Chair probably would do this, but are there any--anything that any of the witnesses would like to add that they think we haven't covered here that are important to get on the--to get on the record? Any additional--Dr. Cabrera?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you.    Mr. Luther?    Mr. Lipinski. I completely agree. I thank the witnesses for your testimony. I think all of you did a very good job of explaining the real need for regulatory relief when it comes to academic research and the regulations. So thank you all for your testimony.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you. And I also thank the witnesses for their testimony, and Mr. Lipinski for joining me here today and bringing his expertise to bear here.    It is really exciting to hear from people on the front lines, and I invite you to continue the dialog with us on how we can best help you best utilize the resources that we're providing and make sure we have the best policies in place for you to be able to do the good work that your researchers are doing because there is so--you know, I think we are on the cusp of some really incredible research developments that are out there, and we want to make sure we are putting the best policies we can in place, so we have no pride of authorship on our end. We'd love to have you come and help us improve that. You know, we're looking at Mr. Lipinski's bill too, so I think we want to make sure we have the best ideas in place. So we really, really appreciate your expertise and talent and the importance of attracting that talent and making sure we have the best talent here working and working on task.    So I thank you, and the record will remain open for two weeks for additional written comments and any written questions from Members who are here or not able to be here.    So thank you again, and the hearing is adjourned.