    Mr. Schuler. Thank you very much. I would like to extend my deep appreciation to Chairman Kline, Ranking Member Scott, and the entire Committee on Education and Workforce for your tireless work to complete the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act.    This new law holds States and school districts accountable while still allowing significant flexibility. Tight on goals and loose on means is a well-researched philosophy that correlates positively to student achievement.    Under SO, the role of the Federal Government is one of supporting and strengthening our Nation's public schools, not prescribing and dictating to us, and as it realigns the balance of authority so that the Federal Government can maintain it is appropriate limited focus on closing achievement gaps while empowering State and local education leaders to make the day-to-day decisions that most directly impact the school systems we lead.    State and local education agencies now have an opportunity to examine schools with the inclusion of a nonacademic indicator. This represents a dramatic shift from the NCOB focus on snapshot testing to a more comprehensive, well-rounded system to assess school quality. In February, at the National Conference on Education, AASA, the school superintendents' association, launched a new research-based multi-metric initiative to redefine what it means to be college and career ready, called ``Redefining Ready.'' That could have never happened under the waiver process or NCLB.    Under ESSA, you have given us permission to dream and lead and transform public education in this country, and we will do just that. I applaud the Department's proposed regulation leaving the end size determination to the States.    I would say that I am concerned about the proposed regulation regarding the 2-year timeframe for States to identify consistently underperforming schools as statutory language in ESSA states that decision should be made at the State level.    It is my belief that the determination of a timeframe should be made as part of a broader context of the State accountability system.    I am equally concerned about proposed regulation 201.8 that requires a State plan to include one summative rating for at least three distinct rating categories for each school.    ESSA does not require each school to be rated by a single indicator. States should be allowed to create balanced accountability systems and move away from reducing our schools and teachers down to one single letter or number.    Another concern I would note is the proposed regulation that would require States to identify schools in need of support or improvement for the start of the 2017-2018 school year.    States are just developing their implementation plans now. How can schools be held accountable this coming school year for metrics not yet developed.    I would suggest that it is unfair to students, teachers, parents, and our communities to be judged and rated by unknown metrics.    While I am very pleased that the proposed regulations did not attempt to define much more than regarding the weight of academic indicators and nonacademic indicators, I do have a concern with the extent to which the proposed regulations include restrictions that indirectly ascribe weights to those academic indicators.    While I strongly support the right of students in foster care to have transportation to their school of origin, I do oppose the proposed regulation regarding the transportation of foster children. The Department's proposal deems that when it comes to transporting children in foster care, if the child welfare agency in the district cannot reach an agreement, it is the district's responsibility to cover transportation costs. In these challenging fiscal times, it is deeply troubling that this proposal would create a new financial burden for many districts, especially in a manner that at such direct odds with what ESSA requires.    ESSA's carefully crafted statutory language requires a collaborative approach between child welfare agencies and LEAs, and provides that if there are additional costs for transporting students in foster care, the district will provide transportation for the child under three specified conditions. I believe the proposed regulation is in direct conflict with the statutory language of ESSA that was negotiated in a very collaborative and purposeful manner, and I would suggest that there is really no need for the regulation as the statutory language is very clear.    I would note that I have strong reservations about the Department's proposal regarding supplement not supplant.    I am concerned that the proposal being advanced by the Department blurs the lines between two distinct but equally important statutory provisions. Supplement and not supplant and comparability, both target at maintaining the integrity of Title I dollars.    Finally, I would urge the Department to use restraint in issuing regulations, but playing a critical role in supporting State and local implementation of assets through the sharing of best practices and technical assistance.    The sheer volume of new practices, programs, and approaches that State and local education agencies will be considering and adopting means that States, schools, and school districts will need a clearinghouse to share what is working, what is not working, and what we learned along the way. Imagine the Department being a repository for what is working in our Nation's schools in regards to career pathways, coding, closing the achievement gap, grade level readiness, a digital curricular transformation, resource efficiencies, and other issues facing U.S. schools.    America's teachers and school district leaders will not let you down. I applaud the committee's work on ESSA and am confident that our public education system will be better as a result of the Every Student Succeeds Act being the law of the land. Thank you.    Mr. Schuler. It is a concern because comparability allowed us the opportunity to not have to focus intently on ensuring salaries, were included as part of the supplement and not supplant.    Mr. Schuler. And so we cannot dictate who applies to our schools. And so if that regulation ends up really happening, the end result of that will end up being forced transfers and that is a huge concern.    Mr. Schuler. Absolutely.    Mr. Schuler. Correct, which may not be a good fit for that school.    Mr. Schuler. Because you could have a school, let's say, when I was superintendent in central Wisconsin, I had a school that was an elementary school, Title I, focused completely around technology. The skill sets of the teachers in that school looked very, very different from a traditional elementary school.    Mr. Schuler. And as a result, the people that applied to be in that school setting had a very specific skill set. If I would have been forced to ensure that the salaries of all of my elementary schools for Title and non-Title would have been the same, I would have been forced to move people with the skill set I needed in that school out--    Mr. Schuler. Correct.    Mr. Schuler. It definitely could.    Mr. Schuler. Thank you, Ms. Harrelson. Dr. Pruitt, you were critical in your testimony of the accountability proposal proffered by the Department. Do you want to go into any more detail there?    One point specifically, were you witness to the--not a witness on, but were you witness to the first panel with Dr. King?    Mr. Schuler. That is a great question. That is one of the things I love about the system that we have developed and the use of the dashboard as well.    You develop the architecture of your dashboard for each different indicator, including graduation rates, grades, success in algebra II, for example, because we know that is such a gateway course. You build all that up and as you populate, you can desegregate by each student group per variable. That is why it gives you such a more well-rounded comprehensive understanding of what is happening in that school.    And then, if you still have your annual test, if those lines are going in the same direction and both up, that tells you one thing. If they are both going down, it says the States are really going to need to engage. And if you are going in opposite directions, we really need to dig into that date and see what is going on.    So I love the idea of developing that multi-metric approach that--research-based, but then populates the dashboard that allows really to drill down into the data to improve instruction opportunities for kids.    Mr. Schuler. Yes, so thank you for that question. And I have not obviously had a chance to see what came out this morning, but right now what happens is we sit down with the child welfare agency and we engage in a conversation about how can we best serve the needs of that child.    The concern with this regulation is it really precludes the child welfare agencies from being compelled to participate in that conversation because at the end of the day, if they do not support, we are going to have to come up with the money. And did I think back to my first superintendents outside of Madison and I had a student homeless under McKinney-Vento, very appropriate, we had to provide transportation.    I was in a very, very small district outside of Madison. The student's home district was Milwaukee.    I paid every day for students to be transported, over an hour and 15 minutes one way, back and forth. And in that district where I had 80 teachers at the end of the year, that total cost was over a teacher. And so I am very concerned about the impact that this proposed regulation could have, especially on brothers and sisters, colleagues of ours, and smaller rural districts.    Mr. Schuler. Absolutely. As some of my colleagues here have even already mentioned, the fact that we have been so focused on math and reading for such a long time and not to say that we still should be, but at the same time there are other factors that are equally as important.    For me personally, and I think we are hearing this more and more in our State, it is the issue of opportunity. So for us, when we look at our persistently low-scoring schools, yes, we need to look at the math and reading scores, but we also need to see what they are offering. The days of offering algebra I, algebra I lite, and algebra I low carb need to end.    We need to actually start guaranteeing every kid is getting the education they need and that every kid is actually getting a level of expectation that will only serve to help them be successful.    So for us, I want us to be able to really have an open playbook where we can say, you know, your kids are doing horribly in achievement, but I think we are going to find some that are doing decent in achievement, but they are doing horrible in what they are offering, especially our underserved populations. So I want to have more of that latitude that we can really take a good hard look at that school behavior that I mentioned earlier and guarantee that every kid is getting the offering of high expectations and education that they deserve.    Mr. Schuler. Well, we just engage in our district and the entire community conversation on that exact topic. In talking about what does make sense, how are we ensuring the emotional, mental health of our kids and are we putting too much stress and pressure on them? And it has been an awesome conversation, so starting in two years, we are going to start our high schools later in the day based on the research.    We have found a way to compact the day, shortening the lunch periods, so that kids are not still there late at night. We also put parameters and limits on how long practices and activities can last, and we are providing some opportunities during the year where we are asking our staff and our students not to do work.    Four weekends during the year we say go be a kid. Staff, focus on your family. Because we need people to step away a little bit so that they come back and completely reengage. And that has been--I am really excited about that, to track that and see if that has an impact.    But we have to do something to ensure that we are providing for that whole child and that is what has been so frustrating, I think, the last couple of years and at least why a couple of us are up here today concerning--none of that conversation is about the score. None of this stuff that Dr. Pruitt is doing is talking about a score. We have to provide access and opportunities to rebuild our communities.    Mr. Schuler. Okay, this is the first time in 15 years that we have the opportunity as people in the field and in the States to develop some innovative creative ways to address the goals of ESSA. And I am super concerned about the tight timelines, almost ending up--not giving us that time to go out and collectively engage stakeholders in authentic ways and plant for that implementation.    We want to transform and lead, and we can do that. We just need time to engage in that process. So I am very concerned that a tight timeline is going to result in a continuation of what has been and that is not what we want.