    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for being here, Mr. Secretary.    Last week State Department Spokeswoman Marie Harf espoused the interesting proposition that we should create a jobs program for people who might be inclined to support groups like ISIS, jobs for Jihadists. She didn't call it that, but I will. And just where will these jobs come from? I guess not at the mall. It is apparently too dangerous to work there now.    Are these shovel-ready jobs or are they yet to be created, like Keystone Pipeline jobs? And, Mr. Secretary, did Ms. Harf consult with anyone else in the State Department--yourself or anyone--before announcing this new initiative? If not, who did she consult with?    I realize that, according to Ms. Harf, many of us are not nuanced enough to grasp the wisdom of such an enlightened proposal. And I am sure some of any colleagues would appreciate some insight just where in the heck this idea came from.    Mr. Chabot. Another very disturbing thing that happened. Absolutely.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you, Mr. Secretary. I have limited time here. I think I gave you extensive time to answer the question.    Mr. Chabot. We have got an awful lot of young people that are unemployed in this country, and I think we ought to work on that.    Mr. Chabot. It sure sounded like it. I know it was awfully nuanced. But let me move on.    Mr. Secretary, in mid-January, Taiwan's President Ma decided to release former President Chen Shui-bian on medical parole. As you may know, my Democrat colleague, Eni Faleomavaega, and I visited former President Chen in prison. He had a whole range of medical conditions: Multiple strokes, severe depression, Parkinson's disease, and on and on.    We besieged President Ma to issue a medical parole--or humanitarian parole. He ultimately did. I give him credit for that. But it was only for 30 days. And he will probably, unless there is some change, be taken back. His condition was just startling.    I would urge you to look at the case. I know it is an internal problem. I would like to say a country, Taiwan--you know, the PRC doesn't like that, but they are a de facto country. And I know that we, for the most part, consider that to be the case, although it is not necessarily our policy. You can't tell them what to do.    But I would urge the administration to look at that matter and, to the extent that we can exercise some reason on the Taiwanese Government, that that parole be made permanent so he can stay with his family.    Mr. Chabot. Thank you very much, Mr. Secretary.