    Dr. Murray. Thank you for the question. Of course exascale computing is absolutely essential for our national security and our economic security as well as putting us at number one in science. So it is a very high priority for the country and certainly the department. One of the things that it will take to put CORAL machines at a very high level of performance is what we have in place now which is a collaboration with industry, a collaboration between NNSA the national security part of the Department and Office of Science together working with industry to develop these machines. This is not just a purchase of a machine it is actually codevelopment. One of the things that is going to be critical and you of course know that the first CORAL machine is slated to go into Oak Ridge.    Dr. Murray. Which I would say is one of our flagship office of science facilities. The three laboratories who are working on this machine are Oak Ridge, Argonne and Lawrence Livermore. As you may be aware I was Deputy Director at Lawrence Livermore back some years ago so I know the capabilities of the people in the NNSA. These machines are critically important for our stockpile stewardship mission. They are also critically important for doing the best science and as Dr. Orr said we can have much better understanding from the atomic scale up to the size of a turbine blade in our materials simulation where we can simulate them in conditions that we do not wish to have in the laboratory such as turbine blades blowing apart for example and in order to do this we need to have the project mindset and a goal in mind. The goal for the CORAL machine that is going into Oak Ridge will be around 200 petaflops and that will put it as a world class. As you are all aware we are in a neck-to-neck fight with the Chinese on machine speeds. We want capable machines that do not just do flops but actually run programs that are dealing with big data as more and more of our science and more and more of what industry needs is big data which means machine learning and it probably means new architectures. So I am very, very--it is one of my highest priorities is to make sure that this stays on track and this is why we are projectizing it.    Dr. Murray. Well, that would be me I think or actually Pat. So the Office of Science has a prioritization method which is tried and true that it has used for at least 20 years when I was on one of their--in fact it was Pat's basic energy sciences advisory committee. So they have Federal advisory committees, they report to me on every one of our programs. We--the programs charge the basic energy sciences for the energy frontier research centers with the prioritization of what is important, what are the scientific gaps. So we do not do applied research, we do a fundamental research.    Dr. Murray. No everything that we do is competed, and everything that we do is carefully thought out with either subcommittees of these advisory committees holding a large number of workshops. For example the basic research needs workshops are now probably about 40 of them and from those workshops there was one on subterranean. What is it that we as the industry or science or anybody in the world cannot do in the subsurface right now? A large number of workshops then written up with the priorities of the scientific community including industry coming in. From that we provide a funding opportunity announcement that says here is what was found at this workshop, we cannot do the imaging of subsurface well enough, give us your proposals. A bunch of proposals will then come in and then a panel of scientists will make a selection and then we review them annually.    Dr. Murray. I was just going to look up my statistics but as I recall there have been something on the order of 800 invention disclosures, two hundred and some to industry, nine companies spun off and more coming. There have been engineered microbes that are now in the industry. There are new processes and new software for simulating how to do bioreactors.    Dr. Murray. The funding in fiscal year 2017 it will be the last year of these bioengineering research centers the tenth year and the intention is in that year to recompete new bioenergy but also biomanufacturing centers. The centers could propose to continue I mean they could certainly enter the competition but the thought is that a new competition is right for it now.    Dr. Murray. For example, it would be wonderful if we could engineer microbes to manufacture polymers. So right now we use oil. We are going to run out of oil at some point. If we could use corn stover instead and use yeast that is manufactured or one of the really interesting science tidbits is someone is actually manufactured diatoms in the sea to be part of a manufacturing process starting with methane and adding OH to it. If we can figure out how to acquire life forms that can manufacture for us because frankly if you look at things like spider silk they do a really good job of manufacturing really strong materials so that is the idea.    Dr. Murray. Exactly.    Dr. Murray. Thank you for the question. That's actually a very easy question to answer. The answer is yes.    Dr. Murray. They are unique. The ALS is our lowest wavelength light source. It has unique properties where you can actually go in--first of all, if you're going to look for what's called soft matter, otherwise known as living things, or polymers or liquid crystals, that is exactly the wavelength range you want to use. Also you can hit resonances with various chemicals or various atomic structures that you can't with higher x-rays. So if you want to do a certain type of experiment, you would want to go to ALS. As you are probably aware because they probably told you, they wish to do an upgrade to stay at the, you know, world class. And actually I will say we wish that all of our light sources remain at world class. Each of them has from 3,000 to 5,000 users and they are oversubscribed by at least a factor of 3. We have to turn people away.    Dr. Murray. So we are I would say competing with Europe and Japan and China for the best light source facilities. Currently we are in good shape, but we need to make sure that we have the upgrades that all of the light sources need, and they are upgraded on a schedule so that they do remain world class.    We currently have in a charge to the Basic Energy Sciences, which runs the light sources, Advisory Committee to look at all the proposed upgrades in basic energy science and ask the question, is it world-class science? Will these provide world-class science? And second, are they ready for an upgrade now? Have they worked out the engineering parts enough so that we could consider putting them in line for an upgrade?    Our plan is to, of course, balance research with facility construction, but we have to have world-class facilities. So our plan would be to do upgrades in a rolling fashion just as we rolling fashion to upgrade our computers.    Ms. Murray. Yes, I would add that what is in the budget for the next 4 years is research and development with industry to try to figure out what is it that is going to be the next, call it quantum leap, but it's really 12 order of magnitude that the stockpile stewardship program attained. They did not do it by themselves sitting in a room, they actually brought in U.S. industry, including semiconductor industry, the IBMs of the world, for example.    And I just turned to a page in the book of my cheat sheet which shows the plan for how we would get to exascale through developing bigger and bigger machines that are going to go to Oak Ridge, then Argonne and Livermore, then Los Alamos, then Oak Ridge, then Argonne, and so forth. And Berkeley will be--the NERSC machine is upgraded regularly. Berkeley will have 30 petaflops, which is way beyond what we have today, by the end of 2016. And then it will be upgraded with the machines that then we go to like 200 petaflops at Oak Ridge by 2018 timeframe, and then we need to go to exascale. But we learn by getting bigger and bigger computers.    One of the things that is going to be different this time is that what was developed and what has been developed so far in the industry and DOE are machines that are kind of I call them vanilla. That is to say they can do everything. They can do simulations, they can look at data sets, whatever. As we are going to exascale we probably will need to have different architectures for different problems. And so the use-inspired machine development will be, for example, Large Synoptic Survey Telescope will have petaflops of data coming in per day. And so how do we deal with that is an extremely good and very interesting question that is part of this effort.    Dr. Murray. I did not know about that.    Dr. Murray. We will get back to you.    Dr. Murray. Ok.    Dr. Murray. Yeah, the thing that is a little bit different about the nanoscale research centers from our other user facilities is that there are scientists at the research centers that actually collaborate with the users that come in. And that is incredibly important, not only for the graduate students who don't know how to use the machines, but also for industry. So there are tremendous collaborations with industry. We cannot do exascale without the nanocenters. For example, because things, and particularly things in energy technologies, happen at the nanoscale, it is materials, it is chemistry, and they are truly essential. They are also oversubscribed. Right now they are just flourishing and I think--I am not absolutely certain, I might ask Pat, how many users there are, but I will hazard a guess that they are in the thousands, including quite a bit--yes? Thirty thousand----    Dr. Murray. Thirty thousand across the user facilities for Office of Science. But they are absolutely essential.    So one of the things that a nanocenter did recently that I thought was incredibly cool, and this is like why didn't I think of that, is reducing the wasted heat of an ordinary light bulb. And that was an Energy Frontier Research Center as well as the Molecular Foundry, by putting nanoscale--call it photonic bandgap structures--around the tungsten filament that reflect the infrared light back to the tungsten. So they have reduced the energy loss of a light bulb to better than what an LED is. That is really cool.    Dr. Murray. Don't know if it extends its life because the tungsten filament probably burns out a lot faster. However, this is using fancy photonic bandgap science and nanocenters to do something that is--you know, could affect a huge number of people.    Dr. Murray. So I will answer that you live in Idaho.    Dr. Murray. If you happen to live in Florida, you would have a great benefit because you would not have to put your air-conditioning on.    Dr. Murray. No, I just thought it was----    Dr. Murray. That certainly is a grand challenge. We are not there yet. Life over billions of years has managed to do things that we don't know how to do yet. We do have an energy hub on exactly that, which is can we take light from the sun and create fuels out of it. It is, I would say--I would hazard a guess, 20 years out. But as we study how life actually does this and the same thing for a biofactory, we can either make things that look like life, biomimicry, or we can take things that are alive, such as yeast cells, and have them begin manufacturing things.    Dr. Murray. You are right.    Dr. Murray. I agree. It is a grand challenge. Actually a challenge of mimicking what life has been able to do is another grand challenge, not just, for example, creating fuels, but all sorts of things. Self-replicating, for example, and we are on it. That is an important challenge for science.    Dr. Murray. If I can interrupt for a bit. We provide competitively, so the users have to compete to use the facility. But once they are deemed scientifically competitive, the facility use is provided free. That is true for everyone except those who do not want to publish any open literature and want proprietary information. You know, so businesses actually have to pay the cost of using the facility, but NIH researchers do not have to pay the cost of the facility.    Dr. Murray. Because we provided it through their--you know, they are doing good science. They do have to pay the cost--NIH has to pay the researchers their time, we do not do that, but the facilities, including the computational facilities, are free of charge.    Dr. Murray. Ok. I have had one briefing on this, so I will provide this as updated as I can, and I can also give you more information.    Dr. Murray. But in 2009, Congress directed the Isotope Program to move to nuclear physics. And nuclear physics charged their Advisory Committee with, okay, so now we have the isotope program, what do we do. They have so far created two strategic plans; the Committee has a new updated strategic plan, and has looked at what the Isotope Program is doing in 2015. The outside committee that looked at them was very pleased with the drawing from across the Department, various either reactors or accelerators that can create various isotopes that are needed.    The Isotope Program started from the Atomic Energy Act, so DOE has the mission to provide isotopes to industry or to scientists as needed by the U.S., but in any competition with any industry partner who can create the isotopes themselves. It turns out there are not that many people that do this. You have to have a reactor, or you have to have a very large accelerator.    And so, we are providing the isotopes that are necessary. One of the issues in the program, which you will see is in our fiscal year 2017 budget, a small amount of money to start a facility to make stable isotopes, this is the first facility in 20 years. We have not had the possibility of making stable isotopes.    Dr. Murray. Yes.    Dr. Murray. Yes. It is.    Dr. Murray. Ok.    Dr. Murray. Yes, absolutely. So as it turns out, for the last 20 years we have not had the capability in the U.S. to make stable isotopes. This turns out to be okay for the last 20 years, kind of okay, because we could either get them from Russia or we had them in a little drawers in Oak Ridge. We are running out of things and drawers in Oak Ridge, and we are relying on Russia for our stable isotopes.    One of them is kind of important. It is Lithium-7. It is used in nuclear reactor coolants, and our industry needs it and we cannot make it. So that is an issue.    This facility will also make the isotopes that are around the Molybdenun-98 or Molybdenum-100, which are used by NNSA, which is the agency that is responsible for the Moly-99 isotope. It is the one isotope that we do not create or provide.    In order to actually get Moly-99, you have to start from somewhere, and one way of doing that is Moly-98 or Moly-100. This isotope is used for pretty much all cancer treatment and radiation therapy in hospitals.    Dr. Murray. Yes. I provided, I think it was my first day of work, a letter to the chairman of BESAC with the charge, and the chairman of BESAC has created a subcommittee of BESAC to look at the charge. And the charge is exactly the same charge that we use for our use for our project management of any major projects, including upgrades, which is, is this upgrade--they are looking at five different proposed upgrades, are these upgrades--is this upgrade going to produce world-class science? Do they have a good science case?    And second, is this upgrade ready to go? Do they understand all of the engineering that they have to do, and have they thought through the design well enough that they could start actually doing real designs? That committee will report out in June. So I am looking forward to that report.    Dr. Murray. Thank you.