    Mr. Perlmutter. I'm way down here. Thank you very much to the panelists. Thank you to Chairman Culberson for bringing his bill before us.    And there are a lot of principles that I think we all share. Sometimes, you lose sight of those when you take shots at each other's party or each other's President. I remind my friends on the Republican side of the aisle, did the math, and I did this in public, 2016 minus 1972, it's been 44 years since we've been on the Moon and 24 of those years we've had Republican Presidents and 20 of those years we've had Democrats. So we need to get back into space.    And whether--so for me--and my colleagues know that I like this time frame to get us to Mars, when the planets lineup, it's time to get there. We set an outside date, 2033. That's a responsibility of us on the political side whether it's the Administration or Congresses, which change every 2 years.    So I'm going to give my friend, who's the Chairman of CJS, the benefit of the doubt because he's been through this. And if there's some way that we can put together a structure that takes out the vagaries of each Congressional election and each presidential election and gets us to Mars by 2033 and you folks with the engineering degrees and the physics degrees and the accounting degrees figure out how to put the building blocks in place, then I'm there. That's your job. My job is to find you the money.    And we've had testimony that over the course of--to get to Mars is $200 billion plus. That's a lot of money. But we found $800 million for the banks over a weekend. We found $250 billion a year to be in Afghanistan and Iraq. We can do this.    So, I'd like to have some kind of structure at NASA that allows for long-term thinking. So I'll start with you, Ms. Collins. You said you didn't have a real position on the Chairman's bill, but what would you do that--what would you say to me? How can we put long-term planning into place when we have two-year cycles for Congress and four-year cycles for the President?    Mr. Perlmutter. In mind. So for me--and I really agree with a lot of the things that Mr. Posey said and some of the others, you know, that there is--there are two pieces to this. One is our basic desire to learn, science and exploration, to get to Mars, to be in space. The second is a national security question. And so between the two of them we ought to be able to get out there and get going for a long time, for however it might be.    So, Dr. Griffin, you've had your taste of political science and obviously you're a scientist as well. So as Administrator, you've been--you've run into both buzz saws. So how would you--you know, just saying, hey, you guys got to have a longer-term approach to this, what would be your view? How do we do it?    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Thank you.    Mr. Perlmutter. And I thank the Chairman for letting me go over. And I want in the law that we're going to be on Mars by 2033.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks, Mr. Chair.    And my friends on the Financial Services Committee wonder where I've gone. I just said I've gone to the Science Committee, so that's what's happening here.    Ms. Chaplain, I'd like to ask you, because Dr. Griffin has used the comparisons of the Air Force and the Navy and, you know, building this and building that. From a GAO standpoint, I mean, how can we have a multiyear--how does a multiyear kind of acquisition process work when no Congress combined the next Congress? How do you do that?    Mr. Perlmutter. Well, see, I guess one of the things we've been talking about is a Mars mission, all right? And I--there's a lot of support for something like that, and we pick a date and, you know, we've had the scientists who say 2033 is when the planets line up in a way that makes it easier for us to get our astronauts there. So that's why I'm taking that date.    If we give--if we the Congress say to ourselves and to the President, you know, we want a date, and then we let NASA and its experts kind of say, okay, this is how we're going to do it, these are the building blocks that includes going back to the Moon and that this--I mean, they're the experts on this side. Is there--have you seen anything in your experience that gives us--we could do a multiyear acquisition or approach where we could dedicate money for the next 17 years?    Mr. Perlmutter. No, and I thank you for that. I mean, it's a big amount, there's no question, but we, you know, at least during my tenure here in the Congress since 2006, we've spent a lot in the Middle East. We've spent a lot to keep Wall Street from collapsing, you know, and it's been sort of bipartisan in nature in terms of those appropriations. So the country is a wealthy country; it's how we prioritize things. We can do this. There's--from a money standpoint if we're prepared to make this a priority.    And that's why I'm prepared to listen, you know, to an approach like Chairman Culberson has of a way that might give both sides of the aisle some comforts going long term because we--this has to be long term. We have to think long term. We can't think just next year.    Mr. Perlmutter. Okay. Thank you. And I thank the Chair for giving me this extra time.