    Mr. Latta. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And, Mr. Administrator, thanks very much for being with us today.    If I could just go back, I know that there has been a lot of discussion already on the beneficial use of coal ash, and I know we have had different panels in here over the last couple years talking about it. One of the things I know that you had mentioned a little bit earlier, because when you said in your testimony that approximately 40 percent of CCR generated in 2012 was beneficially used--but, again, in the testimony that we have heard, you know, we have States out there that are saying, boy, if the EPA would ever change its mind, we are going to require buildings to have things ripped out or something like that, so you got school districts saying, we don't want to use material that might in the future have some kind of EPA coming back and saying that it could be hazardous.    When you use the term ``certainty'' that you have mentioned, what is the certainty that the EPA can give to folks out there that there is not going to be a change? Because, again, if it is road material or it is block material--but it is that material that is actually being used inside of a building that a lot of folks are worried about, school districts are worried about.    So how do you define ``certainty''? And how do we make sure that the folks out there have that certainty of mind that the EPA is not going to change in a couple years what they are defining as a hazardous or nonhazardous material?    Mr. Latta. You know, when you talk about the methodology, how do you go about that? Who is at the EPA? Who is sitting down at the table to really come up with the methodology to come forward with that standard or what that should be set at?    Mr. Latta. OK. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, in the interest of the second panel, I am going to yield back balance of my time.    Mr. Latta. Well----    Mr. Latta. I will be brief, but, again, thanks for the panel and your patience, especially when we have a different series of votes today.    If I could just kind of go down the line real quickly with a few of you. You know, there has been some discredited discussion here today as to the implementation, the uncertainty as to certain things that have to be done. I am just kind of curious, starting with Mr. Easterly. How much input did you have with the EPA when they were implementing the rule?    Mr. Latta. I am sorry. When they were formulating.    Mr. Latta. OK. When you say ``some of it is in and some of it is not,'' what percentage would that be? Just kind of ballpark.    Mr. Latta. OK.    Mr. Latta. OK. Just switching gears real quick. The question again that I had asked the administrator before he finished up his testimony today, on the certainty, especially on the beneficial use, Ms. Johnson, especially you in your testimony, especially with the company that is really located near you to make the board, do you think there is certainty out there right now, and do you think that there could be changes in the future from the EPA?    Mr. Latta. Mr. Adams.    Mr. Latta. Mr. Easterly, how about you on the whole issue of the beneficial use and the certainty?    Mr. Latta. And just a little off topic, Mr. Easterly--because I border Indiana, I have about halfway down--what is Indiana's percentage of coal for your electricity?    Mr. Latta. I remember it used to be around 90 percent in Ohio, especially in my area, it is around 73 percent.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, in the interest of time, I yield back.