    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is good to be back. And everything is going well at home. So it is exciting to get to come back and be a part of this hearing this morning, although I will tell you, some of these issues seem like repeats, like a little bit like Groundhog Day. I am going to switch gears a little bit and see if I can't break myself out of the Groundhog Day feel.    Thank you, Mr. Secretary, for coming. A number of my colleagues have written you and Ambassador Froman about concerns relating to the data localization provisions of TPP that exclude the financial services industry, and I know you have commented on this. I understand you are working with the Trade Representative and regulators in the industry on the issue, and I just wanted to see if you could update the committee on where your efforts are.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. So you think we could be somewhat close to reaching----    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Good. Thank you.    Switching again, recognizing the importance of protecting the financial services sector from cyber attack, which is a tall task. Do you agree there should be a coordinated approach among the regulatory agencies and key stakeholders to cybersecurity regulation across the financial services sector? Because what we are seeing is siloed efforts, everybody's coming up with their own solution, and with technology that is not going to work. So I would like your comment on that.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. So it seems like you are saying that they are going to approach it from a different side from the oversight position, not that they are going to talk about creating their own standards. Is that the clarification?    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Got it. Got it.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. I think some of my challenges is we have heard, like, whether it is futures trading or whether it is the standards--we have heard talk of different actual standards, not we are going to approach the way we administer it differently. And as you can imagine, it is hard enough in industry, but if the Federal Government can't within one agency have the same standards, we're going to have challenges.    Ms. Herrera Beutler. Thank you. I yield back.