    Mr. Duncan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I agree with Mrs. Lummis. I do not disagree with climate change. I do disagree and I am not a believer in man-made climate change. I think the climate has been changing, as we have heard testimony earlier, since the beginning of time.    I will say this. Trey Gowdy from South Carolina, my colleague, says that there is a stubborn thing about facts, and that is that they are facts. So let's talk about some facts.    Let's talk about that the earth has been a lot warmer than it is today in the history of man. In the period known as the Medieval Period and during the Middle Ages, it goes by both names, but somewhere 900 to 1300, somewhere in that period of time the earth was a lot warmer than it is today.    In fact, the facts show that grapes were at a higher latitude, and that means the earth was warmer during that period, showed abundant crops. In fact, man did so well that we saw this renaissance, for lack of another term, where cathedrals were built and there was art, and man did not have to struggle to survive as much as they do when it is colder.    In fact, the earth was warm. They had abundant food. They were able to do a lot of things. In fact, the facts show that a lot of Greenland was ice free. So the Nords settled on that area and they fished. Those are the facts that can be proven.    I believe that my qualifier when I think about climate change is the human standard of living. Are human beings better off by using fossil fuels or not? And I would say that they are.    Let's talk about some facts. The facts are better than predictions. In the 1970s and into the 1980s, we saw a lot of folks predicting the earth would be cooler. We are entering into a little Ice Age.    In fact, in 1975, Nature magazine said this, ``a recent flurry of papers has provided further evidence for the belief that the earth is cooling. There now seems little doubt that changes over the past few years are more than a minor statistical fluctuation.''    James Hansen at NASA in 1986 predicted that temperature changes of .5 to 1 degree higher in the 1990s and 2 to 4 degrees higher in the first decade of the 21st century. That is a NASA scientist who is pointed to as a climatologist.    Accordingly, actual data shows that he was way, way wrong. So you take that data from Mr. Hansen, and Mr. Bill McKibben, who is a leading climatologist for global warming or what is called now climate change, he predicted then using Mr. Hansen's prediction, and he stated confidently that the world ``will burn up, to put it bluntly.'' That was Mr. Bill McKibben.    We have seen nothing of the fact. All these predictions of global cooling have been wrong. All the predictions of global warming and what we would see in the 21st century were wrong. But I will tell you this. Fossil fuels have dramatically improved the lives of human beings. Man does better when it is warmer.    I go back to the Medieval Period and the Middle Ages. When it was warm, man did well. When it got colder, which it did after what is known as the Medieval warming period, it got colder and we had Bubonic Plague. Man does not do well when it is cooler. They do better when it is warmer.    Fossil fuel has increased our abilities. In fact, because of fossil fuels, we are now seeing China and India use more fossil fuels and we are seeing the standard of living go up. We are seeing personal percentage of GDP go up. We are seeing life expectancy in China and India go up. People live longer. They are living better lives because of fossil fuels. So I think that ought to be the standard.    So in the 1970s, earth was going to be cooler. In the 1980s and 1990s we saw it was going to be warmer. Now it is just called climate change. I know this. I had a premature son. He was able to go into an incubator. He was kept alive based on that.    There are parts of the world that do not have access to ready, reliable, affordable fossil fuels to generate electricity. Because of that failure to have electricity, they cannot have incubators or generators to do C-sections. Children die. The infant mortality rate in areas that do not have access to cheap, reliable, predictable electricity provided by fossil fuels have very low life expectancies. Fossil fuels work.    That is the social cost and the moral cost of not having cheap, reliable fossil fuels.    With that I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mrs. Torres.