    Mr. Sarbanes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, I can't tell you how much confidence you give me in the Department of Energy's role in the environment portfolio, all of these innovations. And I think your positive impact in so many ways around the country is probably unrivaled in terms of someone serving in your capacity. So I want to thank you for that. I just get excited listening to all the things that you are working on and proposing, because I do think it puts----    Mr. Sarbanes. You are on the cutting edge. I think you are having a field day. So I did want to talk about I noticed in the budget that you proposed consolidating the Department's efforts in a new Office of Energy Jobs Development. I wanted to speak about that for a moment. And that office is going to do a number of things: manage the collection of energy jobs data, which is critical, and then issue an annual report on our progress there; coordinate the ongoing energy workforce development activities across the Department and in this amazing network of National Labs that you alluded to; and, thirdly, provide technical advice and support to States and localities to advance energy workforce training and economic development.    And we have already seen examples of that in Baltimore. And I want to support the DOE's investment in these sorts of activities. In particular, the clean energy sector has tremendous potential, as you know, to be the next big growth industry that can spur the economy. We have an amazing partnership that has come together in Baltimore recently that has begun to be developed between the Department of Energy, that is providing its expertise and technical assistance, the City of Baltimore, the Maryland Clean Energy Center, and a variety of nonprofits to create a sustainable low-income solar installation workforce training initiative, which would accelerate home weatherization, the deployment of solar energy, with a focus on low-income housing in the City of Baltimore, train underemployed or unemployed community members to step up into these job opportunities as part of an energy industry workforce, and then secure full-time employment for trainees within the growing energy industry in Maryland. In that sense, this project or initiative really models the kinds of things that you are already doing across the country and can increase efforts around the country in a like manner.    So can you just give me some of your thoughts? Because, obviously, the Department views this as a priority and just a basic economic development initiative, particularly one that can focus on some hard-hit and neglected economic areas around the country. It offers great promise.    Mr. Sarbanes. Thanks very much. We look forward to working with you.