    Mr. Clawson. Thank you for coming today. I have got two questions or comments that I would like you all to respond to, so I will throw them out one at a time.    So my district is--the southern tip is Marco Island. I have got the west tip of the Everglades, go up north along the coast, Naples, Bonita Springs, Fort Myers, Cabbage Key, great place. I think I have got the best district of all--wonderful, welcoming people, and I love it there. That is another conversation.    I am always concerned about diseases from mosquitos that come from water because we don't do well with drainage and pooling. And I am worried about that personally because I see chikungunya right around the corner. I see dengue fever right around the corner. It is all over the Caribbean, as far south as Brazil. And it just feels like it is knocking on our door and it is just a question of time.    And I am always worried about how we do with--you know, when I drive around my district, I am looking at a lot of pooling water and I compare that to the developing world where they don't do anything, particularly if it is a bad rainy season. And then you have 10 percent of the population of the world gets dengue fever; chikungunya is blowing up everywhere. We have this conversation today and until now I don't think anybody has even brought it up.    And I think of Southeast Asia and the rainy seasons there, and India. And, look, I am all with you on toilets and wells, but it feels like the global conversation about water sanitation and usability is behind the curve with respect to mosquitos because we beat malaria, which is a nocturnal, rural problem, and now we have chikungunya and dengue fever which is an urban, daytime problem.    So that is number one. Do we, as a country and as a globe, do we do any work on that?    The second thing is to Mr. Oldfield's comments, my experience in development in South America and Southeast Asia is that if folks are at risk a little bit, skin in the game--on the well or on the toilet, the septic system--however basic it is, that they tend to keep it up more. And that a lot of the 500,000 that are dying every year--I am a lot more open-minded to spending taxpayer money if the end user has skin in the game.    And that is not a conservative's way of saying I don't want to help, because we have all spent a big chunk of our life trying to help. But if the model makes everyone in the supply chain have skin in the game, then I think what I have seen is that we have better usage of the money.    So I would just ask you all's quick response to my two comments. First of all, if you think I am all wet on the mosquito thing, just tell me right up. And then, Mr. Oldfield, you can comment on the other one.    Mr. Clawson. I am really glad you--look, Dr. Whittington, if you ever have time for a conference call with my team we would love to hear it. I read a year or 2 ago that they are working on a vaccine in Singapore or in Asia somewhere. I assume it is from outside the U.S. Is that right?    Mr. Clawson. And does it work on all four strains of dengue fever or----    Mr. Clawson. We are very interested because we see ourselves right behind the Keys in terms of----    Mr. Clawson. Yeah. My guys tell me the type of mosquito that spreads dengue is there, but the infection is not yet in south Florida. So it just feels like a question of time before we, and I am going to be dealing with this, and if we can see it coming----    Mr. Clawson. My experience in this is that when we do the financial calculation, the return, either a net present value or IRR, we leave out the cost avoidance of hepatitis C or the other things that bad toilets cause, and therefore developing countries understate the return on investment for proper sanitation. Am I right about that? Mr. Oldfield maybe?    Mr. Clawson. No, I think if you take cost avoidance in--no, I disagree. I mean, I think if you take cost avoidance in and the cost of ringworm and everything else that goes with bad water--I mean, I am conservative, but I am right with you all on that. I mean, I think the financial models, if we take all aspects into account--first of all, saving people's lives, which is always more important--then I am right with you. But I think that if we ignore the cost avoidance and if we leave the end user out of the risk stream, then we come up with corruption and other problems.    Do you agree with me on that, Mr. Oldfield?