    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Our nation's culture, character, and economy have always been defined by entrepreneurship. Today, 28 million small firms drive growth and create opportunity in major cities, rural areas, and every community in between. Small businesses employ over half of all private sector employees. Their hard work, innovation, and ingenuity to create new products and open new markets contributes to all economic sectors.    However, forming a new business is an inherently risky undertaking, and there are many obstacles entrepreneurs face when getting started. From accessing capital to navigating an uncertain tax code, to managing operations, to understanding their regulatory landscape, it is not as simple as it once was to start a small business. As a result, we have seen the face of small businesses change. Small businesses have always been dynamic, but in today's world, that rate of change is accelerating. Many entrepreneurs no longer choose the traditional brick-and-mortar business model. Instead, they opt for sole proprietorship and online models that provide greater flexibility. These structures allow many entrepreneurs to launch a new venture while avoiding risks, like sales revenue or cash flow, that are primary concerns for more traditional firms.    We have also seen the face of entrepreneurship evolve to more accurately reflect our nation's diversity. The rate of minority- and women-owned small business growth continues outpacing other business growth. Released last year, the 2012 Survey of Business Owners found that the percentage of minority-owned firms increased from 22 percent to 29 percent over a 5-year period. Meanwhile, the number of other businesses declined by 1.1 million. Women-owned firms also experienced higher growth rates than their male counterparts as their market share increased by more than 2 million firms.    These are positive trends, but minority- and women-owned firms continue facing barriers to formation and growth. They find it harder to secure financing and often face unfair treatment in the marketplace from potential customers and vendors.    If the economy is to benefit from the high rates of business formation and the job creation that follows, more must be done to ensure hurdles like these are removed. One role for this committee is ensuring these firms can access resources to overcome those barriers and expand opportunities for all Americans.    In more than two decades on this committee, I have seen firsthand the ingenuity and resilience of small business owners, not only in my district, but across the nation. These firms can accomplish great things if they have the right tools.    During today's hearings, some of the country's leading small business experts and advocates can provide us with useful guidance on how to better accomplish that goal. In that regard, I want to thank all the witnesses who traveled here today for their participation and valuable perspective.    Thank you again, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. It is my pleasure to introduce Ms. Melinda Emerson. Ms. Emerson, also known as the SmallBizLady, is the leading expert in all things small business. She is the creator and host of Small Biz Chat, the longest-running live chat on Twitter for small business owners, which reaches more than 3 million entrepreneurs each week. She was named by Forbes magazine as the number one woman for entrepreneurs to follow on Twitter. In addition to being a regular columnist for the New York Times, Ms. Emerson is the founder and president of the Quintessence Group, an award-winning marketing consulting firm based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as well as the founder of the Melinda Emerson Foundation, which provides mentoring and business training for minority and women entrepreneurs. Welcome. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes. I would like to add that the SCORE reauthorization was reported out of our committee and it was Ms. Adams who authored that legislation, so I am glad to hear how you really cherish the contribution that they do, as they are a resource partner with SBA, the Small Business Administration.    I would like to hear from Ms. Ramberg and Ms. Emerson, you mentioned that the face of small businesses is changing. We have more women, more minorities, and younger people, right? Not everyone experiences the same struggles when starting or growing a business. This day, entrepreneurs are not only facing general startup challenges, but also student debt. How can we best help them overcome both of those challenges?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Ms. Ramberg, can you comment on what are the greatest obstacles facing students and recent graduates as they try to get their companies off the ground?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. We do have microlending under SBA, and it is both. It is access to capital, right, and it is technical assistance. By the way, when we look at the default rate, it is the lowest of any of the loan programs that we have in place. And 62 percent of those borrowers are low-income women.    Mr. Ray, for those businesses without large operating budgets, word-of-mouth advertising is all they have. What more can be done to bring together small businesses and end users of their products?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Ms. Solovic, would you like to comment?