    Ms. LUJAN GRISHAM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. In this committee, my arms are barely long enough to actually reach the button for the microphone, so thank you for your patience.    I am also very appreciative for the joint committee hearing. And Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the opportunity to talk about not only basic benefits, but a benefit that in my State is incredibly important, which is the SNAP benefit.    And I really appreciate the remarks of my colleague, Mr. Crowley, because I agree that we have a tendency, as policymakers, to do an all-or-nothing design that we believe potentially, and based on some of the testimony, that welfare or entitlements or government support programs actually create a disincentive to work.    And in my opinion, and in my experience, a disincentive to work is poverty. A disincentive to work is hunger. A disincentive to work is lack of adequate education and support and investment. Environmental barriers, transportation barriers, there are no dearth, and they are all really devastating aspects and barriers to work.    Now in my State, we have one of the worst economic recoveries in the country. We also have the hungriest children in the country. Not something I am very proud of. And I would love to see Congress and my State legislature declare a war on poverty and assure that no child in my home State ever goes hungry ever, ever again. It is devastating.    We also have one of the hungriest adult populations in the country. And while I tell you this, because of this debate, our State is enhancing our work requirements on young families, mothers who are 19 without the education, training, or support even in a productive job market to attain that work requirement.    We don't have jobs. We are the only State in the country where we have a migrating effect where people have to leave the State to get jobs. This only translates to families losing benefits, which means they have no opportunity to have their basic needs met while we, as policymakers, figure out those balances so that we create a safe and effective environmental effort.    With whatever time I have left, can anyone talk about making sure that there are ideas for States like New Mexico where you cannot meet even the basic work requirements but we don't want to minimize that people do want dignity and want effective productive work available to them in a meaningful way.    Ms. LUJAN GRISHAM. As long as, Mr. Randolph--I am going to reclaim part of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I don't know how much time I have.    Ms. LUJAN GRISHAM. Can I go to Ms. Golden?    Ms. LUJAN GRISHAM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman I yield back.