    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.    It is an honor to be here today, and thank you, Chairman and the ranking member, for calling this hearing.    I wanted to be clear for the record that I had a 30-year career with the Postal Service starting as a letter carrier, so I have a lot of respect for Mr. Rolando.    I also want to say no other organization in America is compelled to prefund future retirement benefits at the level that is done by the Postal Service. It is clear that pushing a public agenda which operates with no taxpayer funds--so there was some allusion earlier that we are using taxpayer dollars. The revenue that we generate from the sale of our products is what we fund and operate our business with. And so often it seems to get confusing in debate when we start talking about the Postal Service as if we are using taxpayer dollars. So it operates with no taxpayer funds to the brink of financial crisis by forcing it to assume the financial burden assumed by no other agency or company is the height of the financial irresponsibility of Congress, and Congress should fix this problem that we created.    Today, as we are having this debate about the future of the Postal Service--and yes, there are some issues that we need to work with. And, Ms. Brennan, I have been very clear with you in private conversations, and, you know, trusting you to continue to keep delivery standards as one of the primary objectives, and as I look here with our postal customers and mailers who depend on us.    But one of the things I wanted to talk about is the downsizing commitment that has been made by the Postal Service, reducing your workforce by 200,000 careers since 2006, reducing your work hours by 331 million, changing operation hours. Can you, Ms. Brennan--and I would like Mr. Rolando to weigh in on this as well, and my mailers if you have time--how has this consolidation and reduction of workforce aligned with the phase 1 and phase 2 of the Network Rationalization plan or initiative?    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Rolando, how is it affecting the day-to-day ----    Mrs. Lawrence. And I just want to add, it is about being competitive. We are in a very competitive market, the Postal Service, and if you truly want this company to be efficient and competitive, then we as Congress must recognize how we are tying the hands of the Postal Service.    And so I say to my colleagues very passionately that we absolutely want to the Postal Service, which is covered--you know, when I was employed, I had to take an oath that I would protect the mail and make sure that it is protected from foreign agencies and how important and special it was to be an agent of the Postal Service. But then we tie their hands and then we criticize them.    And one of the things that I want to talk about is the future of these packages. We know that drones in other industries are coming, but we consistently tie our hands and we see the other industries moving forward to embrace the ability to be competitive, to reduce costs, but we in the Postal Service--we, I am saying we because I am a retiree--those in the Postal Service continuously fight against these restrictions, so we as Congress must step up and take ownership of what we have created. And we have amazing opportunity now to remove some of those barriers as we hold the Postal Service accountable for filling their role of delivery.    And I am over, so thank you.