    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Chairman Kline, and welcome, Secretary Burwell. Thank you for being with us. We look forward to your testimony.    Today, we will hear about the President's Fiscal Year 2017 Health and Human Services' budget proposal and the Department's policy priorities. Once again, I commend the Secretary for her work to ensure that the budget reflects the priorities of this committee, protecting access to health care for all Americans, giving all children the chance to succeed, and making sure that we meet the needs of families and children affected by public health threats when they occur.    In many areas, I believe we have made great progress on these priorities. In the not so distant past, many families were left without affordable health care options and many more could not have access to basic consumer protections in their insurance.    Double digit increases in prices were routine every year. Women routinely charged more for insurance than men. If you lost you lost your job and wanted to start a new business and you had a preexisting condition, you were essentially out of luck. If you were a senior and fell into the Part D doughnut hole, you did not get any help, and when we consider the Affordable Care Act, thousands of people every day were losing their insurance.    Passage of the Affordable Care Act has given millions of Americans access to health care coverage, many for the first time in their lives. The ACA has helped slow the growth in health care costs, it is closing the doughnut hole for seniors, and has encouraged and improved access to mental health services and preventive care. Instead of thousands losing their insurance, millions more have gained insurance.    So, I thank Secretary Burwell for her efforts and her Department's hard work in implementing the Affordable Care Act. I recognize the challenge your department faces in implementing this law with limited resources and unlimited attacks.    Despite these challenges, the ACA has expanded coverage to millions and given millions more robust consumer protections in their health coverage. The ACA has provided a historic foundation for which we are going to accomplish our ultimate goal, making sure that all Americans have the opportunity to succeed.    I do not believe that we have reached the finish line yet, but I look forward to working with the Department and my congressional colleagues to make meaningful improvements as we strengthen the law.    I also pleased that the President's budget has placed a priority on giving all children a chance to succeed by ensuring robust funding to increase both access to and quality of early learning and child care programs. We must invest in high quality early learning programs because all children deserve to enter kindergarten with the building blocks to success.    Decades of research have shown that properly nurturing children in the first five years of life is essential to supporting enhanced brain development, cognitive functioning, and emotional and physical health.    All too often, low-income working families lack access to high quality affordable child care in their early childhood education, and these children tend to fall behind. Beyond the achievement gap, children that do not participate in high quality early learning programs are more likely to have weaker educational outcomes, lower earnings, increased involvement in the criminal justice system, and affordable high quality child care is, therefore, not just critical for children, it is also critical for working parents.    Child care is a two generation program. Parents of young children need child care to work and go to school, and lack of stable child care is associated with job interruptions and job loss for working parents. Child care ought to be a national priority for America's children and working families.    Just two programs survived the bulk of the Federal role in early education, the Head Start program and the Child Care and Development Block Grant. Unfortunately, because of limited Federal funding, too few children have appropriate access. This unmet need continues to grow. Only four of 10 eligible children have access to a Head Start program, and fewer than one out of six eligible children receive Federal child care assistance.    We have decades of evidence that investing in programs like Head Start and the Child Care and Development Block Grant works. This is the time to invest in these programs and ensure that we are giving all children the chance to succeed.    I also want to commend the Secretary and her department for their efforts in response to some of the most troubling health crises of our time, the Ebola outbreak, Zika and opioid crisis. The Department has been in the forefront of responding and keeping Americans safe and healthy, particularly when you talk about budgeting, some do not always see the value of investing in prevention or readiness activities so that we are equipped to deal with a public health crisis.    Like many Federal programs, in fact, like health care insurance itself, you often do not miss it until it is gone. It is important now more than ever that we invest in our Nation's current and future health and well-being. The President's proposal does this with the Cancer Moonshot and other long-term investments.    Lastly, I would like to thank the Department and the Secretary for their efforts to respond to the catastrophic situation in Flint, Michigan. The research is clear on the impact of exposure to lead on young children, the adverse effects of lead exposure range from decreased academic attainment to increased needs for special education, and a higher likelihood of behavioral challenges. These impacts can result in a significant decline in earnings, loss of tax revenue, additional burdens to the criminal justice system, and increased stress on our hospital systems.    The opportunity for a strong start to a successful life will be stunted for Flint's children if they are not given the necessary resources, including early intervention and access to high quality early learning programs, such as Head Start, to help them overcome the lifelong effects of exposure to lead.    We need to come up with the money to make that possible, and make no mistake, we should not expect to fix this crisis easy or on the cheap. In fact, it will cost approximately $1.2 billion to provide long-term comprehensive services to all Flint children exposed to lead just in the areas that cover programs under this committee's jurisdiction.    Furthermore, it is imperative that this committee and the Department continue to examine how Federal programs can be responsive and ensure that every Flint youth is receiving the necessary services to mitigate the effects of lead exposure.    The Department's response so far has been commendable. Additional funding for health centers in Flint, Medicaid expansion to provide vital health coverage and important health screenings, $3.6 million onetime emergency funding to help Head Start grantees expand early childhood education, health care and nutritional services.    These are examples of targeted Federal solutions, but this committee and this Congress has to do more. The impact of lead exposure on young children is long-lasting, and a response must have a long-term approach.    We must use all of the tools available to us, starting with prenatal care and screenings of pregnant moms, early literacy resources, early interventions to identify special education needs, Title I and Title II funding from the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, after school programs, at-risk youth prevention programs, even investments in college access efforts.    I know with all the Department's leadership, we can continue to respond to this crisis, and I am hopeful that together we can put forward real solutions and help mitigate the damage from the water crisis in Flint, and make sure young children there get back on track to a prosperous fulfilling life.    So, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Secretary Burwell. I look forward to your testimony.    Mr. Scott. Nice try. Thank you. Madam Secretary, much has been made about the increasing cost of health care. Can you tell us briefly how the increases in health care costs now compare to what they were before the Affordable Care Act?    Mr. Scott. How much more do people with preexisting conditions have to pay?    Mr. Scott. Do the people with preexisting conditions have to pay any extra?    Mr. Scott. Can you say briefly how the failure to expand Medicaid in some States affects those who have insurance?    Mr. Scott. Thank you. Disasters can happen anywhere. If a disaster were to happen in one of our districts, we could look at how you respond to Flint, Michigan to see how you would respond in our areas. Can you say what you are doing in Flint, Michigan for that disaster, particularly in Head Start?    Mr. Scott. Does the Zika request include research?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Madam Secretary, I thank you particularly for your comments on the Affordable Care Act, where we have changed the situation from thousands of people every day losing their insurance to millions more being covered, and the cost savings, rather than often double digit increases to the lowest increases in modern history, showing a significant savings over what the costs would have been had it not for the Affordable Care Act. And people with preexisting conditions with no insurance to being able to get insurance at standard rates, and more progress could be made if Medicaid were expanded in those States, and those with insurance are actually picking up a lot of that cost, because of uncompensated care is cost shifted to those with insurance.    I appreciate your response to the opioid situation. Finally, I think we are getting a consensus that early intervention and prevention is better than hospitalization and jails.    We put all the money in the criminal justice system, and when have you ever heard a dealer tell a customer I could not get any heroin today because the police have cracked down, and a customer say, oh, my God, my dealer got busted, I cannot get any heroin.    All that money spent on the criminal justice system could have been spent on research-based and evidence-based approaches that would actually reduce the amount of opioids being consumed.    Appreciate your work with Head Start, homeless youth. We did not get into foster care. I do appreciate your request for additional resources in foster care to achieve permanent placements, to the extent that we can get young people on the right track and keep them on the right track, we will have fewer problems in the future.    And finally, I express appreciation for your effective response to Zika, and the request you have made, I hope we can fund that, and to Flint, Michigan.    So, thank you for your testimony, and look forward to continuing to work with you.