    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Secretary, for being here, and the discussions to the questioning that is going on is important for us to do. Northwest Ordinance stated about education, religion, morality acknowledged being necessary to a good government and the happiness of mankind, schools and the means of education shall forever be encouraged.    That is not in the U.S. Constitution. That is in the Michigan Constitution, taking high priority for the necessity of having schools and education encouraged so that people will be happy and productive. And so a discussion today as we have passed ESSA is really an attempt to roll back the power of authority, direction, control of the Federal Government, and to really give, as we have talked about at least in a bipartisan way, the front quotient back, the exciting quotient back, to educators in the classroom, school board members on the board, parents with means, and aspirations for their kids to know that education is a neat, beautiful, fun, and productive priority in civilization and that the greatest control will come from with the creativity from the local schools, teachers in the classroom, school boards, parents who love their kids, State boards of education.    And so today as we are discussing this, it is becoming at least evident to me that this is a creative tension that we have when we have a powerful entity in the U.S. Department of Education, arguably wants to do right by kids in schools, but has a philosophical position to push and a pattern that has been developed over the years of, whether you believe it or not, we want to make sure that what we want to happen in our schools happen.    That is human and I think the reason for our discussion today in this hearing is to say the priority goes back to the States and that is what our law did. So along with that, that would be a creative tension that we have and will continue to have and hopefully make it productive.    To continue on similar questioning again and develop it further, Mr. Secretary, the statute requires States to assess 95 percent of students while protecting the right of parents to opt out and granting States the sole discretion for determining how the test participation requirement should be factored in the State's accountability system.    In fact, the statute explicitly prohibits you from prescribing how the State factors the requirement into the system, at least as I read it; that your proposal requires States to take at least one of four prescribed actions against schools that missed the requirement. Your proposal also requires schools that missed the requirement to develop a plan to address the failure and requires school districts with large numbers of such schools to also develop an improvement plan.    This may be indeed a laudable goal, but the law is a law, so let me ask you this question. Can you provide the committee the specific statutory language that gives you this authority?    Mr. Walberg. I am a Neanderthal, I guess.    Mr. Walberg. What is your statutory authority?    Mr. Walberg. I have 23 seconds, so.    Mr. Walberg. I still did not hear your specific statutory--