    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, members of the committee, and Secretary. I apologize for not having been here this morning. I had a conflict with another hearing.    The Department's role with the Environmental Protection Agency on this particular spill, the Animas River--I think, clearly, the facts indicate that this was the responsibility of the Environmental Protection Agency. I am trying to understand why the Secretary of the Interior here is giving her good time in the committee with that clarification in mind.    Certainly, we are all concerned about abandoned mines and the serious threats that they create as it relates to hazards. I think that is something we all share, as well as its impacts to how they are handled. Clearly, no one believes that the 3 million gallons of toxic waste that flowed from the Gold King Mine wasn't a terrible accident. It is regrettable and, clearly, mistakes were made. I think we are learning from the mistakes, but it just seems to me that, in observing how we try to work together as a committee, we should try to focus on areas where we can do the most good.    I am trying to understand, Madam Secretary, after all the questions that you have been asked today with regards to your role and the Bureau of Land Management's role, where you have some responsibility, what are your takeaways from this hearing this morning? Because, frankly, if we are going to be constructive and determine where we go forward, is this something, in terms of the merits, which we can actually have an ability to make corrective action; because of jurisdictional issues, we were not able to have the Environmental Protection Agency head here. We had you, instead.    Clearly, I do not think it makes good sense, whatever differences you may have with the EPA on this effort, to figure out that this is some sort of a fight or a difference that you have between the agency and the Department. You care to comment?    Mr. Costa. Yes. Let me just make one comment in closing. When I chaired this subcommittee a few years back, we looked into the whole hardrock mining law. While there have been some minor changes over the years--and maybe this calls into question the purpose of this hearing--there has been no significant change to the law since it was enacted during the Grant administration. That has been a few years ago.    So, it seems to me, if the takeaway from this meeting is to be productive, that maybe the subcommittee or the full committee ought to take a look at the legislation that was created during the Grant administration and see how we might improve it.    The Chairman. He was a good guy. Mr. Newhouse.