    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you for calling this hearing. And one other thing, can you fix the Metro for us? Umm . . .    Chairwoman Comstock. We're all working together on that.    Mr. Lipinski. Do everything I can, and riding it every day out here. I appreciate the witnesses for being here, and I look forward to their testimony.    Whether by car, train, bus, or foot, we all have to rely on transportation system for our daily commutes and longer distance travel. When it works, everyone's happy, but when it doesn't, the results can range from annoying to catastrophic. With the U.S. population predicted to increase by nearly 30 percent by 2050, we have to find ways to move people and freight more efficiently and more safely. Our current system of roads, bridges, railroads, and transit lines will not be sufficient to support the additional influx of people. In some instances, it's not sufficient right now. This is something we struggle with on the Transportation Committee, which both the Chairwoman and I serve on.    But the answer will not simply be building more and bigger, because it is not clear that we will have the funding, the popular support, or the land to do that. So what do we do? Well, surface transportation used to be rather staid and unimaginative, some might say boring. But today, through research and innovation, the very concept of mobility is being reinvented. This is the key to meeting the transportation demands of our nation, and we in Congress must do our part to help the researchers, innovators, and entrepreneurs revolutionize transportation. As an engineer, this is something I've been interested in and involved in during my ten plus years on this Committee, and we're--there--the rapid advances that are being made, I'm very interested to hear from our witnesses about today.    The research title of the upcoming surface transportation bill provides an important opportunity for this Committee to provide more guidance to the Department of Transportation on national transportation R&D priorities for highways, public transportation, rail, and freight. As I discussed in my recent op-ed in The Hill, we have to make federal investments in research that will provide a safer and more efficient transportation system for future generations. Long term transformational research must be prioritized in the federal budget, and we have to ensure that our federal research partners, particularly University Transportation Centers, are able to conduct advanced research. I have drafted a bill that will help us to do that, and help the U.S. usher in a new age of transportation innovation. I look forward to hearing the panel's thoughts in this direction.    I recently convened an advanced transportation technology roundtable in Silicon Valley, in which I heard from OEMs, tier one suppliers, and tech startups. While we talked about new ideas for making mobility more efficient, more environmentally friendly, and more available to everyone, a common theme was a need for improved connected infrastructure and information technology capabilities. Cars talking to each other was once a thing of science fiction. At a Connected Car Coalition roundtable I spoke to in March, automakers, the telecom industry, and the DOT all agreed that this technology is now at hand. This includes wireless communications that can help cars see around corners. The 5.9 Gigahertz spectrum that is currently reserved for transportation safety communication can prevent up to 80 percent of crashes, according to NHTSA. It is important that this spectrum can be used to prevent accidents and save lives.    Next on the horizon are autonomous vehicle systems. This week the National Transportation Safety Board recommended that all new vehicles be equipped with active collision avoidance systems, and Google has indicated fully autonomous cars could be only five years away. As we will hear from Delphi, they drove a vehicle across the U.S. that was autonomous for 99 percent of the time. Until that very challenging last one percent of automation is achieved, more work is needed, including human factors research to understand how drivers will re-engage with driving after being engrossed in their phones or a movie for an extended period of time.    These technologies incorporate findings from many areas of basic research and related technologies that have been funded for decades by agencies such as NSF, NIST, NASA, and DOD. It is not difficult to imagine how planetary rover technology for space exploration, and how defense robotic technology is playing a part in advancing driverless car technology. It is imperative that the Department of Transportation continue to actively collaborate with other agencies to help translate this research into advances in autonomous vehicles.    Finally, among the issues I think need to be addressed is freight research. I represent part of Chicago, a city to which 25 percent of all freight travels at some point in its journey across our nation. Freight volume is projected to increase by 25 percent by 2025. Freight movement is a national problem, and we need a federal research program to address these challenges. I hope Mr. Winfree and Dr. Meyer will let us know what Congress can do in the next reauthorization to help the Assistant Secretary advance these and other modal administrations research recommendations. Identifying the research priorities for the nation's transportation system is critical to the safety of our citizens, and our economic competitiveness, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has an important role to play.    Again, I want to thank the Chair for calling this hearing, and I look forward to the witnesses' testimony on this important subject.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. So many questions here, let me just quickly jump into it. First, for Mr. Winfree--Secretary Winfree and Dr. Meyer, a substantial share of transportation research is conducted, as I mentioned in the opening statement, by federal agencies such as NASA, NSF, DOE, and DOD. For example, Argon National Lab, which is in my district, conducts transportation systems resilience modeling using their supercomputers. But how does the USDOT coordinate with these agencies to make use of resources like supercomputers, and what can be done to develop substantive interactions with other federal agencies?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. Dr. Meyer?    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. Next question, and I'd like to go into this more, but a simple yes or no, just with limited time. I'm hoping for a particular answer. I think I'll get it. The National Freight Cooperative Research Program was eliminated in MAP 21, so I want to ask Secretary Winfree and Dr. Meyer, would reinstalling this program help inform national freight strategy?    Mr. Lipinski. Microphone?    Mr. Lipinski. All right, thank you. And last, for Mr. Owens and Secretary Winfree, Mr. Owens, Delphi is at the forefront of demonstrating the technology that's available. V2V will be rolling out next year with GM and others, and self-driving cars are testing out extremely well. So far these two initiatives are running almost independently. I want to ask, do you believe that autonomous driving can be made safer by using V2X technology, and what should be done to bring the two streams of research together?    And let me throw in this one other part, if anyone wants to give an answer. One of the most fascinating things to me was a--when I had this panel out in the Bay Area, Silicon Valley, is how much more efficient can our system get with technology, the current road system we have right now? So, Mr. Owens, I don't have much time, so----    Mr. Lipinski. --whatever you can add to it----    Mr. Lipinski. Well, let me--because I'm over time already, you go--it says, Secretary Winfree, adding to that--does anyone want to give an estimate of how much more efficient--because I have heard between two times and four times more efficient, that if we could put that many more vehicles on our current road system if we have completely autonomous vehicles with all the technology, you know, gets--V2X is out there, how much more efficient can we get?    Mr. Lipinski. I'm not going to hold you to this.    Mr. Lipinski. Well, I'll yield back. Now, I'd love to hear more, but I'm going way over. Thank you, Chairwoman.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you, and Mr. Moolenaar, you're now recognized.