    Mr. Walden. I will call to order the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, and I apologize for the delay in getting started. We had some votes, and a couple of member things I had to deal with, but we are here now.    When we last convened to discuss FirstNet, my goal was to leave that hearing with a higher level of comfort with regard to FirstNet's progress and confidence in the way it was conducting its business. As we all recognized then, and continue to acknowledge today, FirstNet has before it an undertaking which rivals the network deployments of our largest national carriers. In fact, given its mandate to build an interoperable wireless broadband service for all of our Nation's first responders, its task will take to all corners of the United States.    Now, early shortcomings in FirstNet's approach to consultation with States and other interested parties had resulted in considerable uncertainty and concern among stakeholders. Confused messaging, a perceived lack of transparency, and unanswered questions regarding FirstNet's vision for the network, and even FirstNet's vision for itself, further complicated things. Questions like, How would FirstNet provide service? Would it build a network, or partner with commercial carriers? What is FirstNet going to charge, and how does the opt-out work? Each contributed to the concerns raised at the hearing, and answers were far from forthcoming. Now, on top of all the policy concerns, FirstNet was also under investigation by the Inspector General of the Department of Commerce into alleged conflicts of interest and contracting concerns when we gaveled in last time.    Now, much has happened since then. There has been some turnover in management, and--with the release of the IG's report in December of last year confirming much of what we feared, that FirstNet had been operating without proper processes in place, and without compliance with the laws that guard against impropriety. It is my hope that the missteps are now behind us, and I believe they are. But that is not to say that there aren't additional challenges.    On April 28 the U.S. Government Accountability Office released a report on FirstNet's progress in establishing the network, concluding that while FirstNet has made progress carrying out its responsibilities, weaknesses in FirstNet's internal controls remain. For example, it remains unclear how FirstNet is internalizing the lessons learned from the Early Builder projects. Those are the five jurisdictions that are already deployed--or deploying public safety broadband networks using FirstNet spectrum. And while the GAO report recommends fixes, it is GAO's succinct statement of what lies ahead that must inform our oversight. FirstNet faces a multitude of risks, significant challenges, and difficult decisions in meeting its statutory responsibilities, including how to become a self-funding entity.    To give FirstNet credit, it has made progress. We witnessed FirstNet's information collections, and consultation, and outreach activities accelerate through 2014. The feedback gathered has informed discussion on deployment and brought productive debate among all stakeholders. Today's hearing reflects the subcommittee's commitment to continued and thorough oversight of FirstNet. We all share the goal of ensuring that our Nation's first responders realize the promise of truly interoperable state-of-the-art emergency communications networks envisioned by the law. With those early missteps behind us today, we look not only at the progress FirstNet has made, but also what new challenges lie ahead, our goal being to leave with a higher level of comfort in FirstNet's progress, and confidence in the way it is conducting its business.    So I look forward to hearing from Mr. Kennedy, who can provide an update on FirstNet's progress, put some of the pieces together, and share with more specificity developments in FirstNet's considerations and visions for the public safety broadband network. I also would like to thank Mr. Davis for appearing a second time before the subcommittee to share his experience as a State Chief Information Officer, and his assessment what needs improvement, and where FirstNet is headed.    Mr. Walden. With that, I turn to the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Latta, for any opening comments that he may have.    Mr. Walden. I thank you for your comments and leadership. Turn now to the ranking member, my friend from California, Ms. Eshoo, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. I thank the gentlelady and would like to insert in the record a letter from the Rural Broadband Association, without objection.    Mr. Walden. Turn now to the vice chair of the full committee, the gentlelady from Tennessee, Mrs. Blackburn.    Mr. Walden. No takers?    Mr. Walden. And the gentlelady yields back, and I am told the ranking member of the full committee has asked Ms. Matsui to take his time, so I now recognize the gentlelady from California.    Mr. Walden. Gentlelady yields back the balance of her time. We go to our witnesses now, and start with Mr. T.J. Kennedy, Acting Executive Director, First Responder Network Authority. We want to thank you for your leadership, and appreciate the progress that you have been making. And please go ahead with your comments.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Kennedy, thank you for your leadership, and that of your team's, and the progress that you are making, and your forthright commitment to do what you told us you would do. That is novel. We were just suggesting bringing you back more often.    Now we go to Mr. Stu Davis--we have got a few other agencies we can assign you to--State Chief Information Officer, Assistant Director, Ohio Department of Administrative Services. Mr. Davis, we are delighted to have you back before the subcommittee. Please go ahead.    Mr. Walden. Mr. Davis, thank you for your testimony, and that of Mr. Kennedy's as well.    So, Mr. Kennedy, it appears there may be some conflicting information regarding the release of the final RFP, and I just would love to get some clarification. I understand FirstNet Chair Swinson estimated early 2016 when she testified before the Senate. Is that a pretty good estimate, early 2016?    Mr. Walden. All right. You state in your testimony that FirstNet has received more than 670 questions to the draft RFP you just released, and the comment period doesn't close until July 27. Sounds like a lot of stakeholders have a lot of questions. Given that level of inquiry, do you think you will be able to hold on to the early 2016 release of the RFP?    Mr. Walden. And I assume that has been a pretty helpful process?    Mr. Walden. All right. What do you see as--I was just reading through this document that we entered in the record for the Rural Broadband Association, and some of their concerns about special issues, the rural areas, and being able to be a partner, and maybe partnering, or, conversely, if you end up commercializing some of the surplus spectrum, the effect that might have on the marketplace. Are those the sort of issues you are going to be addressing?    Mr. Walden. Right.    Mr. Walden. Good.    Mr. Walden. Good.    Mr. Walden. Because it just seems to me the more you can minimize overbuild, or prevent it altogether, the better, because you have got to leverage the money that you have in the most effective way. So what are the next steps once the final RFP is released?    Mr. Walden. Um-hum.    Mr. Walden. Our antennae always go up when we hear the IG is looking at an organization. I understand, while they are done with their first audit, they are back looking at some of the Federal issues. Can you elaborate a little bit about what they are looking at?    Mr. Walden. And how soon before we would see some form of deployment of the network after you get through the RFP and all?    Mr. Walden. All right, see if I have anything else. Yes, in your testimony you speak of a vision of developing a recapitalization model that will lead to the deployment of a fully self-sustained network. Could you describe this model, and what it means from the perspective public safety user States, and States that opt out of the network?    Mr. Walden. Um-hum.    Mr. Walden. All right. My time has expired. Thank you again for your testimony, and the answers to my questions. Turn now to the gentlelady from California, Ms. Eshoo.    Mr. Walden. You mean the IG's----    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair recognizes the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the other gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Thank you, Mr. Lance. We turn now to the gentlelady from New York, Ms. Clarke. Do you have any questions?    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri for 5 minutes. I am sorry. I am sorry, Mr. Doyle. Sorry, I got ahead of myself.    Mr. Walden. Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back. Now the gentleman from Missouri is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Colorado for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back, and the Chair now recognizes for 5 minutes the gentlelady from North Carolina.    Mr. Walden. The gentlelady yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Thank you very much. The gentleman yields back. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York for 5 minutes.    Mr. Walden. Thank you very much. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes for 5 minutes the gentleman from Illinois.