    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Wormuth and General Austin, thank you very much for your service and for the information you have provided for us today. I appreciate that.    I want to follow up on some of the questions that my colleague was asking a moment ago and very specifically, General, can ISIS be degraded and defeated without U.S. ground forces, i.e., infantry brigades, artillery, armor?    General Austin. Sir, I think they can, and they will. But they will use--we will use the Iraqi security forces and the Peshmerga forces to do this. And I think, you know, we have advisors on the ground and how we employ those advisors will be--you know I will make a decision on that and request for authorities on a case-by-case basis.    Mr. Garamendi. I would assume that special forces on the ground, forward observers, and the like would be part of what you would want to be able to do?    General Austin. Certainly. Part of the calculus, sir, and when I think I have reached a point where I need to employ that, then I will go back to my boss and request specifically for that opportunity.    Mr. Garamendi. And, Madam Secretary, the issue of enduring has been much discussed. It was discussed here last time we met last week. And I raised the question, let's be very specific. The power of the purse remains with us and if we simply don't allow the general to have money for the brigades, infantry, et cetera, is that restriction viable in your mind? And your mind also, General?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, if they won't provide the funding, you wouldn't be able to do it, period. I mean that is very clear. It is the power of the purse. You don't have money for that particular operation. And so the point that I am making here is that rather than some wishy-washy mushy language like ``enduring,'' we simply say, General, you have all the money you need for all of the other things, except for ground operations, that is, infantry brigades, other artillery, armored, et cetera, but all the rest of it you have whatever you might need?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, I couldn't agree more with you. Presumably, we will continue to be in session year after year. And if, for example, we were to restrict the funding, as I just described, we could revisit it at any moment and provide whatever money might be necessary at that time. But it does provide a restriction going in as does the 3-year time limit.    And as I said last week, I think it is extremely important that the next Presidential campaign focus on this issue. And if you have a 3-year time limit, it most definitely will be focusing on the issue of how are we going to conduct ourselves militarily or other ways in the Middle East. I think that is extremely important that that happen in the next Presidential campaign.    I think we are just nearly out of time. General, I want to just review what you said and that is that ISIL can be defeated--degraded and defeated without U.S. ground forces?    General Austin. Mr. Garamendi, we have ground forces in the country right now. But I think we are talking about brigades--battalions and brigades, large formations.    Mr. Garamendi. Exactly.    General Austin. Sir, yes. My answer is yes. And I make that statement based upon what we are doing now.    ISIL is losing this fight. We are having significant effects on this enemy. We have got to do a lot more going forward. We always said that it would take time, but it will require the work of the Iraqi ground forces in order to get this done.    Mr. Garamendi. I appreciate that. And I would also assume that there may be a role for Jordan, Turkey, and other countries to have their troops on the ground. Would that be correct?    General Austin. Sir, there is always that possibility. We invite anyone who wants to contribute to this and certainly those types of decisions are made by the individual countries as you know, sir.    Mr. Garamendi. Understood. Yeah. Thank you very much, General, and appreciate your support. And Madam Secretary, also.    The Chairman. Mr. Nugent.