    Mr. Varela. Good afternoon, Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee. DAV appreciates the opportunity afforded to us today to testify at today's legislative hearing.    For the following bills--H.R. 832, 2360, 2361--and the draft bill regarding the transfer of unused educational assistance benefits under the Post-9/11 GI Bill, DAV has no resolution from our members pertaining to the issues identified within these bills but would not oppose passage of the legislation. For the remaining bills, we would like offer our views and, in some cases, our recommendations.    H.R. 356 contains several provisions, one of which would require the Secretary of VA to perform an analysis and make recommendations in a report to Congress to encourage Post-9/11 GI Bill-eligible veterans to use Vocational Rehabilitation and Employment, VR&E, benefits and services. We have no resolution from our membership regarding this issue.    DAV would not oppose the bill's passage; however, encouraging veterans with eligibility under Post-9/11 GI Bill to instead use VR&E benefits and services will require additional resources in VR&E to meet increased demand. VR&E's current counselor-to-client ratio remains high, which contributes directly to delays in delivering timely and effective services.    DAV and our independent budget partners have recommended a more practical counselor-to-client ratio of 1 to 125. To achieve this ratio in fiscal year 2016, VR&E would require an additional 382 full-time-employee equivalents, FTEE, 277 dedicated as VR&E counselors, and the remaining 105 employees dedicated towards support services, bringing VR&E's total FTE strength to 1,824.    DAV calls on Congress to increase staffing levels within VA's VR&E program in accordance with our National Resolution No. 052. If Congress intends to encourage increased use of VR&E by Post-9/11 GI Bill-eligible veterans, then adequate resources will be essential to strengthen this critical program to meet the demand.    H.R. 1994 would provide the VA Secretary with the authority to remove or demote employees based on performance or misconduct. We have no resolution from our membership on this topic and take no position on this bill.    H.R. 2133 would provide additional training options under the Transition Assistance Program, now TAP GPS, to members of the Armed Forces separating from Active Duty. The Secretary of Defense and Homeland Security would be required to provide additional training opportunities to these servicemembers. In accordance with DAV Resolution No. 053, we support this bill. Expanding training opportunities to these separating servicemembers will only help to better their chances of success when competing within the civilian job market.    H.R. 2275 would establish within VA a new Veterans Economic Opportunity and Transition Administration. It would improve employment and educational opportunities for veterans by consolidating various VA programs now managed by the Veterans Benefits Administration and also transfer veteran-focused programs from Department of Labor to VA.    Mr. Chairman, DAV previously testified before this subcommittee on February 12, 2015, regarding this very issue and encouraged Congress to introduce and enact this proposal. We are pleased to support this bill, consistent with DAV Resolution No. 227.    Consolidation has the potential to streamline and enhance economic and employment prospects for wounded, injured, and ill wartime veterans and provide them with meaningful and gainful opportunities. Ensuring these veterans and their families have optimal, seamless access to employment and economic prospects and services is a central concern of our organization. In the wake of war, we believe that we reflect the concerns of the entire Nation. DAV welcomes the opportunity to work with this subcommittee to see this justified reform enacted into law, and DAV thanks the sponsor for introducing this bill.    H.R. 2344 seeks to make improvements within VA's VR&E program that would affect the approval of courses pursued under VR&E, eligibility for special adapted housing, and new authority to prioritize VR&E services based on need for program participants, and a $10 million authorization for related information technology enhancements.    DAV has no resolution from our membership on the particular issues identified within this bill but would not oppose passage of the legislation. However, we would recommend adding three additional reporting requirements: first, a report that captures information pertaining to the disapproval of courses under VR&E that fail to meet the approval standards set forth within the Montgomery GI Bill and Post-9/11 GI Bill programs; second, a report that collects information relative to the number of waivers seeking course approval and the disposition of any waiver requests; and, third, a report capturing information regarding need-based prioritizations.    Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, and members of the subcommittee, this concludes my testimony, and I am prepared to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Varela. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In our previous testimony back in February we mentioned that this is a win-win for VA and for veterans seeking employment and economic opportunities. Again, having to navigate between two Federal entities to try to arrive at a job can be very discouraging to those seeking employment.    Also, within VBA they are responsible for those activities. They are responsible for vocational rehabilitation in employment, they are responsible for the home loan program, they are responsible for the administration of education benefits as well provided through VA. So if we take that out and we put that in a new administration and we allow the VBA to focus on claims and appeals, they will be able to concentrate more on those activities.    And then taking those veteran-centric functions from Department of Labor and transferring them over to the VA, again, it narrows that focus, it narrows that concentration to really drive all those services and benefits in one location. And veterans want to go to one place to get everything that they want to get, and the VA is the logical choice.