    Ms. Elbasri. Good afternoon, Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Bass, and members of this subcommittee. Thank you for inviting me to address you today.    My testimony will focus on the U.N. coverup of serious crimes committed mostly by the Sudanese Government in Darfur between August 2012 and April 2013. I would also testify on the failure of the U.N. to investigate these charges which led to the absence of accountability and the perpetuation of the Darfur tragedy.    Soon after I joined the United Nations-African Union Mission in Darfur, known as UNAMID, in August 2012, I received a call from a journalist who inquired about reports of violence in an area called Tawila in North Darfur. When I checked with UNAMID, I was told that the situation was calm. I conveyed this line to the journalist, and it turned out to be a lie.    In fact, 3 days later, I received reports on the displacements of hundreds of families in the same area due to violent attacks. I immediately alerted my supervisor, Ms. Aichatou Mindaoudou, who was the acting chief of UNAMID. Ms. Mindaoudou ordered a verification mission which confirmed that, between August 24-26, 2012, government soldiers raided three villages. For 3 consecutive days they assaulted men and children, raped women and girls, destroyed their farms and looted their properties. This forced up to 5,000 villagers to flee for their lives.    The government forces attacked these people because they suspected them of supporting the rebels, and they systematically called them, asked them to identify their tribes, and reserved the harshest treatment to the Zaghawa tribesmen.    But UNAMID didn't authorize me to convey any of this information to the journalist who asked for it. It did provide the Chief of DPKO, Mr. Herve Ladsous, with the confirmation of the Tawila attack, but there was no mention of it in the Secretary-General's report to the Security Council covering this period.    Although UNAMID leadership expected me to do as I was told and ask no questions, I continued to raise concerns about the mission reports. Consequently, I faced censorship and hostility, especially from Mr. Karen Tchalian, the Russian chief of staff of UNAMID who controlled the flow of information within the mission as well as the communication with the U.N. Headquarters in New York. But Mr. Tchalian wasn't acting alone. He enjoyed the support of other senior staff, especially the Somali Deputy Joint Special Representative for Operations, Mr. Mohamed Yonis, who is now the Foreign Minister of Somaliland.    One example of how information control played out occurred after the Sudanese Government committed a massacre in an area called Hashaba from September 25-27, 2012. The Sudanese Air Force first dropped bombs on the area, and when the bombing stopped, a large group of soldiers and militiamen stormed the area. They killed and injured people who were trying to escape.    Soon after the journalists began inquiring about the attack, I recommended that the mission issue a public statement, but Tchalian imposed an information blackout, even after the mission saw the evidence of the massacre for themselves. UNAMID established that at least 39 men, 20 women, and 11 children were killed in this attack which was carried out by the government forces.    In addition, Tchalian drafted and compiled a code cable that Yonis signed off on October 7 which distorted the facts documented by internal reports. They described the attack as part of intertribal conflicts over land and resources. They attributed the attack to some Arab groups acting in total independence from the government and insisted that the Sudanese forces were not involved in the attack. By doing so, they cleared the government from responsibility for mass murder.    When I had a conversation with Mr. Tchalian about the Hashaba attack on civilians, his response shocked me, and I quote, ``So what?'' he told me. ``The Americans flattened Fallujah. Why can't the Sudanese Government bomb its own people?,'' he told me.    It was then that I first considered resigning, but my supervisor, Ms. Mindaoudou, convinced me to stay and help her change things and tell the truth. But, within a few months, I realized that there was no place for the truth in UNAMID. The instructions given by Tchalian and Yonis to peacekeepers in the field didn't change. They told them not to report the government bombing unless they had seen the craters themselves.    As a result, when peacekeepers saw the Sudanese military planes hovering over villages, dropping bombs, and when they heard loud explosions and saw smoke, they still couldn't confirm that the bombing took place. Consequently, the deliberate bombardment of civilians would be characterized as alleged bombing.    What made the coverup by Tchalian and Yonis so effective was the fact that they were assisted by others in U.N. Headquarters in New York. Even when UNAMID troops witnessed and took photos of civilians being shot about 2 meters away from their own base, by the time the attack was mentioned in the Secretary-General's report the civilian deaths were attributed to being caught in the crossfire.    And if you allow me, I can show you just four photos. In this photo, on the morning of September 5, 2012 at 7:45, some 100 armed government militiamen known as the Janjaweed gathered around 2 meters away from UNAMID base near Kutum in North Darfur.    Next. Yes, in this one, this photo shows how UNAMID closely monitored the militias from its base near Kutum throughout the morning of September 5. And you can see how quite close the militia and the UNAMID forces were.    Next. At 11:25 a.m., the militia stopped a group of civilians in a truck. They shot dead one man, injured eight others, while UNAMID forces were monitoring and taking these photos. A few days later, two more victims succumbed to their injuries.    Next, please. Here is the response of the UNAMID. They took care of the dead and the injured.    Next, please. And here is the real problem. This is how both the Secretary-General reported on the incidents and the press release. The reports of Mr. Ban Ki Moon said about these incidents that ``the following day one civilian was killed and eight others were injured in the crossfire of a firefight between armed militia and government regular forces on the outskirts of the town''; whereas, the UNAMID press release described this incident on the red line: ``On 5 September armed men alleged fired at the local civilians, resulting in additional casualties.''    While it is true that UNAMID concealed many attacks, it kept the Chief of DPKO, Mr. Herve Ladsous, informed of the most alarming shifts in the war in Darfur. This is some of what Mr. Ladsous and others in his department knew and concealed from Ban Ki Moon's report to the Security Council: First, the government violated the Security Council Resolution 1556 by integrating the Janjaweed militias in its own auxiliary forces instead of disarming and neutralizing them.    Second, the Sudanese Air Force deployed attack helicopters and Antonov aircraft in Darfur, in violation of the U.N. arms embargo.    Third, the government embarked on the second phase of its ethnic-cleansing campaign which targeted the non-Arab ethnic Zaghawa population.    Fourth, crimes committed by the rebels included physical assault, abduction, looting, and the possible use of the local population as human shields.    And fifth, the government forces deliberately attacked and killed U.N. peacekeepers.    By hiding these facts, DPKO kept the Security Council in the dark, resulting in that body making misinformed decisions.    After 8 months in UNAMID, the vast and systematic nature of the coverup was clear to me. By then, I had reasons to fear for my own safety because of threats made by Mr. Tchalian. I resigned, left Sudan, and wrote my end-of-mission report in May. In this report, I asked DPKO to look into the serious violations and concerns I had raised. I received no response. So, in August 2013, I formally requested that the U.N. Office of Internal Oversight Services, OIOS, investigate the coverup, but OIOS also failed to investigate.    By then, I was working for the U.N. Population Fund known as UNFPA, but I knew that I couldn't keep my post if I were to expose publicly what I had witnessed. The U.N.'s awful record of retaliation against whistleblowers compelled me to resign again.    By April 2014, Foreign Policy Magazine exposed the affair based on the documents I had shared with them. This prompted the International Criminal Court to call on Mr. Ban Ki Moon to carry out a thorough public, independent inquiry. But Mr. Ban Ki Moon chose to order a dubious review panel that concealed its terms of reference, didn't include a single investigator, never set foot in Darfur, and ended up denying the coverup.    The Secretary-General commissioned a review that became a whitewash, and no one was held accountable for misleading the international community and the Security Council. And when the United States, Britain, and France requested the firing of Mr. Tchalian, Russia opposed it. Assured of Russia's and China's protection, the Sudanese Government extended its genocide campaign to the Nuba Mountains and beyond.    This is today's U.N., an organization that is increasingly failing to bring or keep peace, a rotten system that covers up atrocities, attacks whistleblowers, lacks accountability, and promotes impunity. Since the organization seems under no obligation to be accountable, it is the member states' duty to act. Therefore, I respectfully request that this committee consider the following reforms: First, establish a truly independent investigative entity that is not part of the U.N. Secretariat, but reports directly and separately to the member states.    Second, reconsider the leadership of DPKO which has been headed by France since 1997. The best way for the U.S. to address endless scandals in a failing and broken DPKO and ensure the efficient use of U.S. taxpayers' money is to take the lead of this critical department.    Third, look into the State Department's certification process. It continues to certify that the U.N. is implementing best practice whistleblower protections, despite evidence to the contrary, preventing a 15-percent reduction in U.S. funding, according to the law.    And fourth, extend whistleblowers' protection to the U.N. peacekeepers police officers, contractors, and victims.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to your questions.    Ms. Elbasri. Thank you. Thank you for these questions.    Regarding the first one, which is the reduction of 15 percent of the U.S. contribution and the law that passed regarding this issue, it hasn't been implemented widely because there is a problem with the U.S. Department of State certification process. What happens is that, so far, since the law has been adopted 2 years ago, the only case that we have is the WIPO case. But many organizations, including the Government Accountability Project, documented ample evidence that shows that the U.N. is not abiding, is not complying with the implementation of best practice whistleblower protections.    There are many cases that can be communicated to you, drawn on this issue. So, we are wondering why the lack of implementation of best practice whistleblower protections is not documented in this certification process. So, I think it is the mechanism, that there is something wrong with the mechanism here that needs to be looked at. So, this is the first question.    Regarding the issue of rape and the zero-tolerance policy, I think what we hear about right now is the tip of the iceberg. Most of the attention is directed toward the troops, the countries that are contributing the troops, but the problem is much wider than that. We are talking about civilians. Local populations, being raped and sexually abused by the international peacekeeper police forces, by also the civilians within the missions. And we are not hearing the U.N. talking about this.    There is a very important report that came out in 2013 which clearly said that the information we have, really it is a drop in the ocean. Why? Because of this huge reporting mechanism, there are problems with the reporting at the U.N. and this is across the board, absolutely. And this is across the board.    This is not limited to the DPKO. This is a problem within every agency I have worked with. I noticed the same problem. The U.N. is not telling the truth about the reality. It is not telling the truth about the misconduct of its own troops. It is seeing things, but not saying it. And the whole problem starts there. If you are not telling the truth, there is nothing you can address later on. You will be basically just addressing the surface.    Ms. Elbasri. Well, that is exactly what I wanted, a truly independent inquiry. I wanted to see why. I mean, there are speculations. I can only guess that there are some people at the level of the leadership of the mission who have some agendas other than the U.N. agendas and the mission. I hope that there will be an inquiry about this.    But there is also a culture at the U.N. to cover up. People cover up for different reasons, for saving the image of the U.N., for not embarrassing themselves, for keeping their jobs; also, for the partnership with dictatorship regimes. There are so many reasons for the coverup that need to be addressed.    So, talking about certain problems and referring to the very few bad apples, I think we are not helping the U.N. by advancing such a diagnosis. The problem is systematic. It is a system problem, not a person problem. It is the U.N. is broken today, and addressing an issue has to start with the truth instead of assaulting truth and going hand in hand with the coverup. The U.N. should be the first to promote truth and truth-telling and promoting the truth-tellers instead of assaulting whistleblowers.    Ms. Elbasri. I think there were a few cases in troop contributing countries. I believe it was India. But it is insignificant if you compare that, of course, with the number of the allegations.    And I just want to touch on the independence of the U.N. Honestly, we don't have time, actually, to hold ourselves with some illusions. OIOS will never be independent because it reports to the Secretary-General; it reports to the U.N. Any organization that doesn't report directly and separately to the member states will never be independent.    Thank you.    Ms. Elbasri. Thank you. Thank you for this question, a very important one.    Regarding the AU, I can just share with you what I saw. What I saw there is a huge discrepancy between African countries. Between 2012 and 2013, the nations that were contributing the largest troops were Rwanda followed by Nigeria. If you compare the troops between these two countries, you end up really asking questions whether they were both Africans. The Rwandan troops were known for being well-trained, well-equipped, disciplined; whereas, the Nigerian troops had all kinds of problems.    I saw with my own eyes peacekeepers with holes in their shoes, peacekeepers who actually didn't know how to hold the weapons, peacekeepers who were not trained at all. And there were jokes in the senior management meetings about cooks being recruited as peacekeepers.    So, there are all kinds of problems with the African Union countries. As you said, there is an employment issue because, as you know, each country that contributes a soldier makes $1,000 a month, and you just have to multiply those by the 1,000 troops they send.    So, there isn't a commitment from every single country. Every single nation is sending troops for a reason, political or an economic reason. But one thing is certain. In general, there is a huge problem of performance, lack of equipment, lack of training, and lack of command.    The main problem that was faced by UNAMID is the fact that the battalions in the field were not responding to the command of UNAMID. They were requesting the command of their own countries, and there were a couple of countries that were not abiding by the command of the force commander in UNAMID. And that is something that is not unique to UNAMID. It is a problem that has been witnessed in almost every single mission.    So, it is extremely difficult to work within a unified command. But, as far as the African Union troops, there are huge problems, capacity problems, political problems, and also performance problems. And probably UNAMID is one of the best examples one can give.    Ms. Elbasri. Well, you are right about the general trend. It is the poor countries that are contributing troops and richer countries that are paying for the peacekeeping budgets, although there is a shift I must mention, which is China. China is now part of the top 10 contributing countries. It is a major change. They are sending more troops to other countries, and we have seen it now with South Sudan. Basically, they are sending the troops where they have some vested interest to look after.    But the question that the European and U.S. contribution of troops has changed has to do with the change in the makeup of the peacekeeping. As you mentioned, quite clearly, the peacekeepers are operating in a danger zone, I mean combat zones. This is not what peacekeeping is about.    We have departed from the three core principles of peacekeeping, which is impartiality or neutrality, the non-use of force unless necessary, and also the consent of all parties of conflicts. We have put that aside since 1999 at least, and we have been sending peacekeepers without doing anything about peace. This is a major problem with peacekeeping today.    Today, if you look at Mali, we are not talking about peacekeepers. These are troops, U.N. troops, that are fighting terrorism. Most of the countries that know the region, they think that the U.N. has nothing to do with this fight because, in doing so, first of all, it doesn't have the capacity; it doesn't have the ability. And we are talking about peacekeepers who are sent to keep peace, not to fight war and let alone terrorism.    You have a country like DRC, Congo, where the mission has been mandated to fight rebels. This has never been part of the U.N. mandates. You have other areas where you have the peacekeepers running after gangs. This is a huge change for peacekeeping. It is alarming.    And I can tell you that, as far as I am concerned, when I left UNAMID, I didn't think of myself as a former peacekeeper. I thought of myself as a former warkeeper. In Darfur we didn't keep peace. We kept genocide. It is really sad to say that, but most of the peacekeeping missions today, they are keeping wars; they are keeping conflicts running since 1948.    If you look at Kashmir, what the U.N. is doing, what is called generally frozen conflicts. Whether it is Kashmir, Cyprus, or Western Sahara, these are timebombs. We have seen recently a major crisis in Western Sahara when Mr. Ban Ki Moon walked into the region and, without consulting, without visiting Morocco, and completely it has formed into a major crisis with the polisario, threatening to go back to holding arms.    These are considered frozen conflicts that the U.N. has been keeping for so many decades, but these are timebombs. I think what I want to say here is that we should go back to the U.N. keeping peace, but bringing in peace first in order to keep it, instead of waging wars and keeping wars ongoing.    Thank you.    Ms. Elbasri. I think for the U.N. to address all these issues, the truth has to come out, which we have seen in my case and almost every case, the OIOS is incapable of carrying out independent investigations. So, we would definitely press for a truly independent investigative entity that doesn't report actually to the Secretary-General/Secretariat, but, rather, to the member states. I think that is a core recommendation.    But, also, I agree with Mr. Schaefer on the financial incentive. It is very important to help implement that law because at some point we have to show that we are serious about the laws that are passed and we are serious about, you know, holding the U.N. accountable for mistreating whistleblowers, which have become the main channel of knowledge/information about what really goes on in the U.N. So, we can't afford these retaliations, these continued retaliations against them. It is very important to take action there.    And it is also very important to look at the State Department certification process to see what is going wrong.    Ms. Elbasri. On the independence of judiciary, the reason it was called for by the governments that come to these projects, by other organizations, by many whistleblowers, is that the fact that the judiciary at the U.N. is not working, just like other institutions. I think that GAP had documented that over 400 cases, only 4 percent of the cases were recognized by the U.N. as retaliation cases. Even then, nothing had happened. There was no recourse for these whistleblowers.    So, it is exactly like the investigation. Whistleblowers need an independent body to look at their case and, also, to have access to independent justice in order to address the wrongdoing suffered by the U.N. It is a very important cause.    The second issue--and I am glad that you raised this question, this followup question--about the reason why I strongly believe that the United States should take care of the DPKO and take over the French leadership which has started in 1997. The reason why I am saying this is that I have observed and studied the military doctrine under which the peacekeeping is operating since then, since 1997. It is not a U.N. peacekeeping doctrine. It is a French military doctrine.    And what is the doctrine about? It is about, first, renouncing to the impartiality, which is a very important principle for the U.N. It is also about reversing the use of force, which used to be limited to self-defense. But, under the French military doctrine, it is the use of force beyond self-defense. In many cases it is actually an aggressive action.    The other principle is sending peacekeepers in areas where there is no peace to keep. This is called, in terms of peacekeeping, the gray areas between peace and war. Frankly, these are combat zones.    So, what we have witnessed since 1997, when the French took over DPKO, is a militarization of peacekeeping. You look at every single peacekeeping mission that was deployed since then, since 1997, and you have two things.    First of all, it is super-militarized. We are no longer talking about blue helmets bringing peace to these areas and comforting the population, observing the ceasefire, et cetera. We are talking about peacekeepers who are going after gangs, rebels, siding with governments, and giving up on every single principle of the peacekeeping.    We are also seeing something else. Most of the peacekeeping operations that were deployed recently, they were deployed in what is usually called as ``sphere of influence.'' Well, if you are a Moroccan-American national like myself, we look at it as post-colonial deployment.    Most of the people are extremely upset about the fact that France continues to act like the gendarme of Africa. What we have witnessed since 1997 is a country that is not looking after the interest of the member states of the U.N., but, rather, after the interest of France, at the expense of peacekeeping in general.    So, we ended up, of course, with DRC, the Congo, with the regime change, and the U.N. mandates in the Ivory Coast. We ended up in fighting war that the U.N. has nothing to do with, which is terrorism in Mali. I think we are actually moving into a much more dangerous situation if we don't put an end to this trend. People in Africa, countries that are plagued with these wars, they don't want to see a former colonial power imposing a will on the population, siding with dictatorships. And what is of most interest is that this affects the image of the U.N. and peacekeeping.    So, it is time for me to see the U.S. really reflect about 18 years of a French leadership of peacekeeping. It is time to draw a line and say, ``Is this what we want?'' Right now, as you already said, we are sending peacekeepers to combat zones, and this is not what the U.N. peacekeeping is about.    Thank you.    Ms. Elbasri. Very briefly, the other reason why these peacekeepers who were deployed under what are called the ``robust peacekeeping missions,'' whether it is in Mali, in DRC, or in Liberia, is that they were just not able to be everywhere. Most of the attacks took place in places where the peacekeepers didn't have a presence.    And this takes us to the other problem. We are giving people the illusion that the peacekeepers can protect civilians, but, in reality, they just cannot. They cannot protect all civilians everywhere and every how. It is impossible. Only a state can.    Peacekeepers, even if they have the best helicopters in there, they have the best-trained peacekeepers, if they have the best willingness to do so, they cannot be everywhere. If you deploy them in a place like Darfur, they just can't operate. Why? Because in order to shoot at the government forces, they need to have the authorization from the government. So, this is just a surreal situation.    Look at every peacekeeping operation. In Darfur, it is probably the best example. We are sending peacekeepers to protect civilians from the government which is protecting the peacekeepers. It just doesn't make any sense. It is impossible for the peacekeepers to protect all civilians from a government that protects them.    So, I think the whole framework of peacekeeping is completely flawed. It is time to be honest about it. It is time to define what is peacekeeping, what the peacekeeping can do, what it cannot do. They cannot protect all civilians. All the history that we have witnessed in Rwanda, in Srebrenica, and also in Somalia showed that. Whether the peacekeepers are best equipped, the most robust, or if they are weak, you know, not prepared, they just cannot protect all civilians. That is why I go back to what I said. What we need is peace before peacekeepers.    Thank you.    Ms. Elbasri. I just want to echo what Mr. Schaefer just said. It is very important to stick to the law and also show that, if the U.N. doesn't conduct itself as it should, there should be a penalty. This has worked everywhere. I don't see why it wouldn't work for the U.N. We haven't tried it. So, let's first try it and see. And I am pretty convinced that they will take the law, but also whatever recommendation and obligations they are under, they will take it much more seriously.    In general, I think the problem with the U.N. right now, it is acting like the emperor. They feel, I mean senior managers at the U.N. Have you seen any senior U.N. official, whether the Secretary-General or other ever resign or pushed to resign? No. Why? Because we treat them like the Catholic Church before everyone knew what was going on. I think this is a problem.    I mean, this is one of my colleagues and a U.N. whistleblower who made this amazing comparison. You know, if you compare the U.N. to the Catholic Church, I think we are exactly in the same situation. We are just starting to see, we are just starting to talk about what is wrong. For quite a long time, we held it as something sacred, as something taboo that no one wanted to talk about, because we all love the U.N. As a whistleblower, I did what I did because I believe in a better U.N., because I believe in a better world. A better world will not start until we fix the U.N.    I know that to fix it we have to be truthful. We have to say the painful truth that very few people are ready today to hear. I believe that penalty, discipline, taking a firm stand is the way to go.    Thank you.    Ms. Elbasri. Just about the question what happened to the victims, I think this question should be asked of the French. Unfortunately, it has been now almost 2 years since they learned about the allegations. We were told that they started an investigation immediately, which was in July 2014. And so far, no French peacekeeper has been held to account. So, what kind of an example is France giving the organization when it comes to such serious crimes? So, it goes back to the leadership of France today that needs to be questioned.    Thank you.