    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I would like to also welcome the witnesses.    It is rare in the modern Congress to have essentially a good news hearing, but I think this one of those hearings. I am thankful for that, because at least at the authorizing level, it looks like these programs are going to be fully funded. In some cases, there are increases. In a few cases, there are decreases. The leading one is the Nuclear Nonproliferation account, which goes down some 6 or 7 percent. But we all have to acknowledge that Russia is not exactly a willing partner these days to help us contain that massive hoard of fissile material.    But the key bit of good news for folks back home is here you have a highly contentious Congress that is agreeing on what is our number one defense priority, and we are agreeing on a bipartisan basis, and we are putting our money where our mouths are. So, that is good news for the American people, that is good news for America, that is even good news for this Congress.    So essentially we have a lot to celebrate here. We will have not only questions today, but also questions in the closed session to follow this. But we should not overlook the central fact that the administration and the Republican majority in Congress are keeping the nuclear deterrent safe, secure, and reliable.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You cited some of the good news from General Klotz as being the work on deferred maintenance. I would like to point out another feature of his testimony, which as he said at least a couple of times, the magic words ``on time and under budget.'' We rarely hear those in Washington, but we are always grateful when we do, and I appreciate the good work that went into producing those twin excellent results, on time and under budget.    I would also like to single out the Naval Reactors Program. I have always been fond of it. It is an amazing tradition of excellence the Naval Reactors has pursued over lo these many years, and I just appreciate Admiral Caldwell and his predecessors making that tradition of excellence happen.    We have talked about some of the good news. Some of the bad news is a contractor, a former contractor at Y-12, B&W Y-12, now called B&W XT, mishandled classified documents. And one of those was a Security Level 1 violation, which is, quote, ``actual or high potential for adverse impact on national security.''    NNSA proposed a $240,000 fine, but then, apparently, according to this excellent article by Frank Munger of the Knoxville News Sentinel, NNSA decided to waive the fine, and the reasons given were the contractor's timely response to the concerns, even though later in the article it says that employees have been saying that this mishandling of classified information had been going on for years.    So, to me, a prompt response is pretty weak after mistakes have been happening for years. And then the other reason was that B&W was already penalized by having its management fee reduced for fiscal year 2014.    This, to me, sounds like 40 lashes with a wet noodle. This is not going to increase contractor accountability. So is this the right way to handle this misdisposal of classified information?    General Klotz. Thank you for the question, Mr. Cooper. We take the protection of classified information, as well as the security of our facilities, extraordinarily seriously, and that is why in this particular case the Department of Energy Enterprise Assessments Office, Office of Enforcement, inquired into this matter and came to the conclusions that it did.    With respect to holding the contractor, in this case the former contractor, at Y-12 accountable, one of the things that the article said, I can't remember if it was the one you cited or other articles, said that we had decided--that I had decided that somehow that B&W had suffered enough. That word does not show up anywhere in the letter which I sent to B&W on this issue.    We made our decisions based on the rules which we follow. And there are a number of things which can be used to mitigate the civil penalty that is assessed via a formula. One of those is whether we have already in a sense penalized or held the contractor responsible through the annual fee determination process.    In the case of B&W Y-12, we had already subtracted from the fee which they were eligible for as part of the annual program review and used that as a mitigator to say, while perhaps maybe not under law this falls into the concept of double jeopardy, it certainly does in terms of principle. So we hold them accountable in terms of the financial fines either through the fee determination process or through the fine process.    There have been a couple of instances in the past, at least since I have been sitting in the seat at NNSA, where we have, in fact, imposed a civil fine because we had not taken a fee for that particular activity. But this was specifically noted in the process of determining what their fee was for that year, and so that is why we mitigated that.    Mr. Cooper. Well, it is hard to unscramble this egg and we can't turn back the clock. But I am curious, I am assuming B&W and/or its subsidiaries are still doing work for NNSA?    General Klotz. They are.    Mr. Cooper. The Department?    General Klotz. They are, in the broader DOE, yes.    Mr. Cooper. Are any steps taken to make sure that they treat classified information more carefully at their other?    General Klotz. Well, we hold everybody to the same standard, whether it is B&W or any of our other M&O contractors or subcontractors. They know what the expectations are. That is why we carry out the oversight that we do, and that is why we thoroughly investigate, document, and make as a matter of public record when they have fallen short in protecting either the facilities or the classified information they have responsibility for.    Mr. Cooper. I know that you have high standards, but you haven't always been on duty at NNSA, and the workers here told the reporter that this had been going on for years. So you have to wonder.    General Klotz. Yes, it had been, yes.    Mr. Cooper. Assuming there is a second violation by B&W, will the fines be tougher the second time?    General Klotz. That is I think what you call a hypothetical question, Congressman. So, we take this very, very seriously, and clearly we have to judge each and every case on the specific facts associated with that. But, again, protection of classified material, protection of the facilities which our M&O partners have responsibility for is one of our top priorities.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will withhold further questions at this time.    Mr. Cooper. A recent NAS report recommended a clean-slate approach to building new nuclear weapons and building prototypes in order to exercise design and production skills. Do you agree and do you believe NNSA and the labs should focus on building prototypes? What would the cost be and how would it compare with NNSA priorities?    General Klotz. NNSA recognizes the need to ensure that the nuclear security enterprise maintains the complete set of skills and expertise to respond to future challenges, exercise capabilities required to ensure that the nuclear deterrent remains safe, secure, effective, reliable, and responsive as required by the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). For this reason, NNSA's current Stockpile Stewardship and Stockpile Management portfolios address many of these necessary capabilities. In particular, our current portfolio includes a spectrum of strategically aimed efforts in prototyping from small-scale validation experiments to well-diagnosed hydro tests up to larger demonstration experiments. At the component level, we are prototyping new technologies for improving safety and for limited-life components that will make the stockpile easier to maintain. We are also building weapon prototypes at the system level and using our world-class science facilities--the National Ignition Facility (NIF) at LLNL and the Dual Axis Radiographic Hydrodynamic Test (DARHT) facility at LANL--to study how these prototypes perform under extreme conditions found in nuclear weapons. Lastly, NNSA has an effort to study how new technologies, in particular advanced manufacturing, can be used to accelerate the prototyping process    In early FY 2015, NNSA charged the Defense Programs Advisory Committee with analyzing how well current stockpile stewardship activities exercise and challenge the workforce throughout the entire nuclear weapons lifecycle to ensure critical skills were not being neglected. When finished, the Committee's report will be used to inform adjustments to future activities to include building prototypes.    Mr. Cooper. Following up on a previous question--a recent article revealed that classified information, including information related to uranium operations was dumped in the regular garbage at Y12 for 20 years. Is NNSA doing a damage assessment?    General Klotz. In conjunction with the recent issuance of the Preliminary Notice of Violation (PNOV), the Program Office (NA-10) is working with the Y-12 Field Office to review the need to conduct a damage assessment, taking into consideration all relevant information, to include the current circumstances of the material being maintained at a DOE controlled burial location. A document review is underway, and a fact-finding trip to Y-12 is planned, to speak with knowledgeable individuals first hand.    Mr. Cooper. What dismantlement work is planned in FY17 and why is this funding necessary?    General Klotz. The funding requested in the FY 2017 budget for dismantlements supports the President's goal to accelerate the dismantlement rate of previously retired weapons by 20 percent. NNSA will hire and train additional technical staff in FY 2017 to be ready to increase dismantlement rates starting in FY 2018. This will allow NNSA to dismantle the weapons retired prior to 2009 by the year 2021, rather than the original goal of 2022.    Mr. Cooper. What are the next steps and challenges on nonproliferation that NNSA is addressing? Are we laying the proper foundation to be ready to meet new proliferation threats such as the expansion of nuclear know-how about the nuclear fuel cycle if nuclear energy spreads, or such as 3D printing?    General Klotz. The work of NNSA's Office of Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation (DNN)--supporting the ``Nuclear Threat Reduction'' pillar described in the NNSA Enterprise Strategic Vision--is carried out within the context of a dynamic global security environment, which is described in NNSA's annual report entitled Prevent, Counter, and Respond--A Strategic Plan to Reduce Global Nuclear Threats. This environment is characterized by the persistent vulnerability of nuclear and radiological materials (particularly in regions of conflict); the pressure on arms control and nonproliferation regimes from enduring interest in nuclear weapons capabilities by state- and non-state actors; the global expansion of nuclear power and possible spread of fuel cycle technology; the increasing opportunities for illicit nuclear material trafficking due to expanding global trade volumes and increasingly sophisticated procurement networks; and the rapid advance of technology (including cyber) that may shorten nuclear weapon development pathways and directly affect nuclear safeguards and security missions.    Of the many developments in the global nuclear security environment relevant to DNN's work, one of the most important is the possible proliferation risk associated with the expansion of civil nuclear energy. Ensuring that ``nuclear newcomers'' (i.e., states that do not currently have civil nuclear power programs and generally have little experience with managing nuclear technologies) are able to develop safety, security, safeguards, export controls, and emergency response systems to support their emerging nuclear energy programs will continue to be an important challenge.    DNN is helping to address this challenge through various efforts, including the development of assured fuel supply and spent fuel take-back strategies to discourage newcomer states from developing indigenous fuel-cycle capabilities. DNN is also engaging partners from day one to help them build the safety, security, safeguards, and export control capacity and infrastructure necessary to ensure safe and secure nuclear programs. Finally, DNN is launching an ``over-the-horizon'' strategic study focused specifically on the implications to DNN programs of future trends in the global nuclear fuel cycle, including the expansion of nuclear energy. The results of this study will help inform future programmatic activities.    Emerging technologies such as additive manufacturing represent another important development in the global security environment. On a regular basis, new technologies emerge that can significantly benefit our nuclear security enterprise but that also pose proliferation risks. NNSA is working within the Department and with other U.S. Government agencies to establish a systematic, coordinated approach to ensuring that the U.S. Government can reap the benefits of emerging technologies while mitigating associated proliferation risks.    Last year, NNSA established an Emerging Technologies Working Group (ETWG) as a formal mechanism to proactively identify, analyze, and respond to emerging technologies of concern. The group is co-chaired by DNN and the Office of Defense Programs, and includes participation from various offices Department-wide and the DOE complex. The ETWG began its work by considering the proliferation risks associated with additive manufacturing. As an immediate measure, the ETWG is developing classification guidance to help control this particular technology. The ETWG also is considering whether other policy guidance or export control regulations would be feasible and appropriate to apply as the technology develops.    In accordance with the requirement in Section 3139 of the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act, NNSA is also working with the U.S. interagency to develop the President's strategy to address additive manufacturing nonproliferation risks while balancing national security needs. NNSA will be briefing various congressional committees on the status of that strategy in the near future.    Mr. Cooper. Is NNSA considering the sterilization option (which might be a simpler option that would dispose of the pits at Pantex, and which the Red Team report chaired by Dr. Thomas Mason referenced), in addition to the dilute and disposal option for disposing of excess weapons-grade plutonium?    General Klotz. NNSA has announced that it will pursue the dilute and dispose option as it is a proven, demonstrated technology. Other options may be further evaluated as part of the NEPA process or the project management critical decision process, as deemed reasonable.    Mr. Cooper. Are you confident of the contents of the drums that will be going to the site? Are you confident that either drums that are at WIPP, either currently above ground or below ground would not cause the same accident?    Mr. Cooper. Why is the DNFSB important for nuclear safety and the nuclear enterprise?