    Mr. Connolly. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Ranking Member. 23 hearings on the IRS. You know, when you cannot prove it, charge it anyhow. Repeat it. Do it louder. Try to suborn the TIGTA to make sure that his audit is limited with direct advice from you and your staff. Accuse people without facts. Hammer it home on your favorite network, and hopefully it will sink in and become true even if the facts belie it.    Mr. Connolly. No. I am tired of these hearings. I am tired of insinuation. I am tired, frankly, of what looks to a lot of people like demagoguery.    Mr. Connolly. No, Mr. Chairman, sadly I will not. I will finish my statement. We need the IRS. We need it to be functional. The same people that want to pillory you here today for your performance do not want to take responsibility for the fact they have starved the beast. They have cut a billion dollars from the IRS budget, degrading service, making it very difficult for the IRS to actually do its job. We leave $350 billion on the table every year, taxes owed, but not collected. That could make a big dent in the debt. We could reduce the debt over 10 years by $3 and a half trillion without raising anyone's taxes and without cutting any essential services, but we do not want to do that.    We do not want to do that because illogically the IRS is such a juicy target for our base and making the case that you represent the hard knell booted government on our necks. And why in the world would we want to do anything to strengthen you? And as a result, we have IT systems, according to John Koskinen, that go back to the Kennedy Administration. That is 53 years ago. And we wonder why things are not totally functional? We wonder why IRS is not fully efficient? We wonder why hard drives crash when the average age of a computer at IRS with 91,000 employees is 7 years plus. In the private sector it is 2 to 3 years.    So to archive stuff, we have to print and save because we cannot trust aging legacy technology systems, and this Congress will not reinvest in you to bring you up to the 21st century because that would make you more efficient. That actually might make you be able to better do your job, and dysfunctionality serves our purposes illogically and politically.    So, yeah, that is why we have 23 hearings, and we demonize people, and we deny them their 5th Amendment rights, and make charges that turn out to be without foundation. It does a disservice to this committee, in my opinion, and I have sat through every one of these hearings.    And I began truly concerned. Was this, in fact, going on? Did IRS, in fact, target a particular group or philosophy? As the ranking member said, all of the facts tell us no. Was there ineptitude? Was there political tone deafness? Yes. Was there a deliberate attempt by a Federal agency to target a particular political group or set of groups because of their political philosophy? No. And you can charge to the contrary all you want, but the evidence trail does not tell us that. But it makes for good television, and it riles up the base, and it probably raises money, but it is not worthy of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.    And as the ranking member said, had we spent 23 hearings looking at price gouging on pharmaceuticals, we actually might have improved someone's life. We might have actually helped some seniors better afford the drugs they need. We might have made a contribution to bettering government. But this is a charade. This is not about making government better, and it is not even really about holding you accountable. I wish it were. It is to pillory you for political purpose, and I regret that.    Now, Mr. Chairman, I do yield.    Mr. Connolly. You do not have anything, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. I reclaim my time.    Mr. Connolly. No.    Mr. Connolly. The chairman can use his own time because he has got plenty of it, and he is more than prepared to use it. I reverse it. I echo what the ranking member said. I do not think you have proof.    Mr. Connolly. Okay, thank you.    Mr. Connolly. I would just add to my friend from Maryland, I could not agree more that those are legitimate lines of inquiry, but they have to be balanced with what has happened to your budget so that you can make those investments. Has it gone up or down? Has Congress shown a commitment to try to modernize your IT systems so that we do not have this kind of problem? Presumably we could find common ground. That is non-partisan agreement.    Mr. Connolly. Except that it is not.    Mr. Connolly. I would simply say I did not impugn anybody's motive. I characterized this hearing and this process, and if the gentleman wishes to take exception to that or offense by that ----    Mr. Connolly. Well, I regret ----    Mr. Connolly. I think that the chairman can certainly appreciate questioning the process and the 23rd hearing on the IRS without necessarily personalizing it. The chairman knows I do respect him, and I certainly made no attempt to try to personalize it. But would I characterize this process negatively? Yes. I have made no secret of that, and I do not apologize for it, and I do not retract it.    And it is not impugning you or any other individual to call into question that process. That is my right as a member of this committee, and I will not be silenced by deliberating trying to personalize it so that the critique somehow is diluted. The critique stands. You do not have to agree with it, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Connolly. But I stand by it.    Mr. Connolly. Fine, let us move on.    Mr. Connolly. And let the record show this member has felt the chairman has always conducted himself fairly. We do not always agree, but I think he has always been fair.    I want to talk a little bit about investments and capacity. Mr. Tribiano, is it true that the Agency's inflation-adjusted budget has been cut by 17 percent since 2010?    Mr. Connolly. Is it further true that by Fiscal Year 2015 we whittled down your funding and your budget to the lowest level in 5 years?    Mr. Connolly. Is it also true that, in effect, when you count inflation, that means that your budget has the buying power of the budget of 1998?    Mr. Connolly. That is a long time ago. The reduction has been about $1.2 billion?    Mr. Connolly. And in Fiscal Year 2015 alone, the budget was cut another $346 million from the previous year funding. Is that correct??    Mr. Connolly. Well, let me see. Because of these cuts, as I understand it, the workforce has been cut by 17,000 since 2010. Is that correct??    Mr. Connolly. Two-thirds of your top managers have left in the last 5 years. Is that correct??    Mr. Connolly. 40 percent of your workforce, by the way, on top of that is eligible to retire by 2019 largely because of the baby boom generation. Is that correct?    Mr. Connolly. Well, do these cuts and reductions have an impact on productivity, customer service?    Mr. Connolly. Does it impact your audit capability?    Mr. Connolly. Well, Mr. Milholland, do these cuts have any impact at all on the IT budget?    Mr. Connolly. How so? Do you want to elaborate a little?    Mr. Connolly. So Mr. Koskinen was quoted last week as saying we have got systems that go back to the Kennedy Administration. What was he talking about?    Mr. Connolly. Let me interrupt you one second there. So my tax returns might be kept on a system that goes back to the 1960s and 1970s?    Mr. Connolly. What could go wrong with that?    Mr. Connolly. So when we talk sometimes about retrieving information, archiving information, being able to produce documents or evidence with respect to a court case, we are relying in many cases on technology to be our friend that goes back 40, almost 50 years.    Mr. Connolly. Right.    Mr. Connolly. Okay. You come from private sector?    Mr. Connolly. You are now the CTO for a public sector entity. Real quickly in the time I have got left, what would you do and what would it cost to do what you do to modernize and upgrade the IRS so it is functioning as a modern technology-oriented entity in 2016?    Mr. Connolly. Mr. Chairman, if we could also to that request the cost. What would it cost?    Mr. Connolly. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz.--the IRS has had over the last 5 years more than $11 billion in just IT expenditures. It is a significant amount of money. We would appreciate you sharing that plan with us.    Mr. Connolly. It was a struggle, Mr. Chairman.