    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing. And I strongly concur with a lot of the comments that you made.    We are here to bring attention to how the Castro brothers have confiscated thousands of properties from U.S. companies and Cuban citizens in the early years of the revolution. Before the expropriation began, over two-thirds of the Cuban economy was owned by private entities, many of whom were Americans. The Castro brothers started taking ranches and farms just months after Castro came into power and quickly moved to U.S.-owned oil refineries and other properties.    Castro seized everything in sight, including 2 million acres of land, electric companies, the mining industry, warehouses, hotels, private properties, and bank accounts. Additionally, they seized almost all assets of Cuban nationals between 1959 and 1968.    The Foreign Claims Settlement Commission has certified over 5,000 claims and, when combined with interest, total almost $8 billion. As the administration continues to normalize relationships with Cuba, we must take time to reexamine these claims and see how we can get justice for these claimants before further inroads are made between Cuba and the U.S.    Many of the confiscated properties have been sold and resold, their owners deceased, and now their families are left fighting on their behalf. Most families were never able to recover either financially or mentally. Being forced to give up their homes, essential belongings, and millions of dollars worth of investments cannot go unanswered.    How can U.S. businesses open up economic cooperation with a government who profited on the back of other people's hard work? Not only is it immoral to profit off of these stolen properties, but Cuba's past disregard for property rights creates an unstable investment climate for private businesses. There is no way to ensure that the Cuban regime won't swoop in and confiscate more properties or renegate--or renege on its so-called contracts. We must examine how a shift in relationship with Cuba will impact these long outstanding claims.    The issue of confiscated properties by the Cuban regime has always been a major hurdle in normalizing the relationships with Cuba. Just because the administration has shifted the strategy doesn't mean we should detract from our effort to find an equitable and long overdue solution for the victims. Today we will be able to hear from experts from the Foreign Settlements Commission that have gone through the efforts of certifying these claims as well as victims whose families have lost their homes and businesses to the Castro regime's greed. I look forward to hearing from our panelists on how we can address these critical issues.    Thank you.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, it wasn't just corporations and warehouses.You know, many Cuban nationals lost their properties. I can tell you, I came to this country; I was 11 years old. I still remember the military coming into the house, taking inventory of any items that we had in the house because you could not remove any item from the house. If they came back after you got your visa and there were items missing, they would revoke your visa.    I remember when they changed the currency, so if you had X amount of money in the bank the government only said to you: You can only have this amount, and we are taking the rest of your money.    I mean, I just we will never--I don't anticipate that my parents, who built their own houses, they are both passed away, and you know, I might not be hopeful of anything. But I am just hopeful all of those people who worked their businesses, who, through their sweat, built something, a dream in their lives, could get some sort of compensation. And we cannot have a government in Cuba that stole that property and now use that property to continue their military machine on the island because all of those properties are owned by the military of Cuba. And they run the hotels. They run the businesses.    So, for me, this is a crusade because I left when I was 11 years old. And I have this opportunity to serve in this great body and this great country, which gives me the opportunity to express how I feel about what the Castro brothers have done. They have stolen property from people who worked all of their lives.    So, with that, I am just going to ask, during your time at the Foreign Claims Settlement Commission, what were the challenges that you encountered?    Mr. Sires. Mr. Bradley, would you like to add anything to that?    Mr. Sires. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Sires. Thank you, again, Mr. Chairman.    I just want to assure the panelists that we are not giving up on this.    Mr. Sires. We are committed. We continue to fight. Where it ends hopefully will be a place where we all can be, you know, comfortable with.    I really don't know how we negotiate, you know, with the Cuban Government. But we seem to give into everything and not get anything in return. I am very uncomfortable with that.    Some people say the embargo is 50 years, 55 years, whatever. I understand that. But we do have embargoes in Iran. We do have embargoes--sanctions in Russia, and we are not going to remove anything from those countries until we get something back. I don't understand why the same premise cannot be toward Cuba. If we are going to lift some of these things that we currently have in Cuba, why not get something in return? And certainly property value is one of the issues that is most prominent.    Like I stated before, my parents lost their house, you know, I don't think we will ever get it back. But there are people who lost a lot more than we did, and I am going to certainly fight for those people that lost----    Can you just tell me what has been the biggest challenge for you? Yes, go ahead.    Mr. Sires. I couldn't agree with you more.    Mr. Sires. Thank you.