    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Madam Chair, for this opportunity to continue to look at ways to make this program, SNAP, that I really care about and believe in, as effective as possible in meeting its goals--and doing what it ought to do, which is help this country eradicate hunger. I am from a state that is--I bet every one of the Members of the Subcommittee and entire Agriculture Committee could repeat New Mexico's statistics. New Mexico has one of the worst hunger problems in the country for both children and adults. And we went from last to fourth this year, so that is in the right direction, but it is still deplorable that my constituents face hunger every single day. And I recognize that this is a program whose intent and ability to do something about that is meaningful.    As a longtime state bureaucrat, Mr. Baron, I love any ideas that incentivize me, as a policymaker in that regard, to think of ways to improve programs, and if there are savings, to keep it. But, and here is my big but, that in the context of states, particularly like mine, who are in significant budgetary problems, and are suffering from one of the weakest economies in the country, and an Administration who I disagree with, in terms of how they feel about any public benefits, those kinds of incentives can be very counter-productive, and create exactly the opposite intent, of innovation and productive reform. I really want you to talk to me a little bit about that, but I am going to give you some stats to illustrate how this can go wrong.    Right now New Mexico, our proposed work requirements are for seniors and children. I want to tell you that our work requirements are also for unpaid work, which means I am already not getting enough for child care and housing, now I have to volunteer in places that are far away, in a state that has no public transportation really, because we are a rural and frontier state, so we are slow to get that off the ground. And think about it in the context of all of our friends now who have often unproductive and unwanted audits in health care, where we incentivize the independent auditors, that they get to keep anything that they find, so they find stuff that really isn't fraud, but is a mistake. It really shuts down a lot of our direct care providers in the health care system. That is going on in New Mexico as well.    And one more thing. When we are putting up barriers just in the application process, as in New Mexico, because of those changes in the applications, most applicants wait months before they can get our computer system to look at those applications. SNAP benefits processing has fallen by 23 percent, and this is a design as part of reforming the program: 20,000 lost their food benefits. The state did nothing about it, and the only way to address the delays, and the barriers, and the applications, and the computer system, and the work requirements is courts are now involved, mandating that the state do something.    So that is an extreme example of how it goes completely the other way. Talk to me about some of those protections, balances, so that when we do our job, that hunger doesn't get worse, and that we are focusing on supporting those constituents who need us most, and who need this program most, and so we can be sure get the services and benefits that they need.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. All right. And I am going to reclaim----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I do, sir. Nice to see you this morning.    The Chairman. Well, thank you. We started at 10:00. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--the same thing.    The Chairman. I have you. But the Agriculture Committee is alphabetically first, so the gentlelady from New Mexico is recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I can't really argue with the alphabet. So I really appreciate this panel, and I am very grateful, sir, that I got here in the nick of time. I spend a lot of time, really, talking about the conditions in New Mexico, which, given your research, and some of your--particularly, Dr. Chilton, some references that there are concerns about states like New Mexico, who have had waivers for the work requirements because our employment issues, and our economic climate, is so severe. I learned public health by the seat of my pants. I don't know what they did by appointing a lawyer to run the Department of Health in New Mexico. I can't really explain it. But I am very now clear about making policy decisions, particularly in the area of public health, that are evidence-based.    Work, and improved economic conditions, are absolutely powerful tools in helping people achieve advances so that they are not in poverty. But I also am clear about two facts. One, that we have a working poor dilemma in this country that doesn't really address being able to meet your basic needs, and that two, New Mexico is in such a terrible set of circumstances that there is no way that people can actually get the kind of jobs that you would in states that make traditional investments in helping folks navigate, and get the skills that they need to meet the work requirement.    In fact, in a state that is so severely depressed economically, it is my understanding that the state is thinking about investing somewhere between $2\1/2\ million and $4 million without really what I would consider a tested evidence-based plan on initiating a work requirement program without any identification about real work, while at the same time ignoring the fact that we still have one of the hungriest populations in the country. Do you have data from New Mexico, and from states in similar situations, that would indicate that when the economic climate is this bad, that these investments, and the way in which we make them, actually improve the hunger status of the entire family, and particularly the children?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Yes.    Dr. Chilton.--as well as labor policies, et cetera. So I appreciate you mentioning that. We did not specifically look at any data to see whether an investment of having a work requirement actually reduces hunger. I don't know if that data really exists. We don't have data from New Mexico. Although I do know that there are 23 counties in New Mexico that still have very high rates of unemployment, that would still make New Mexico eligible for the waiver to not require work, and that there is a very deep concern. We heard that when we were in Albuquerque, at our roundtable for the hearing, that imposing a strong work requirement for almost the whole state, and also for children and elders, or people who are over 50, was very concerning. And it was especially concerning among the tribal groups, who felt as if they had not been heard by the Governor's Office, et cetera, even though they had been trying to get meetings.    So we understand that there is very heightened concern, very heightened worry, and that is a concern for us on the Commission, but, again, we really strongly recommend that, as states move people into the workforce, they actually provide the support necessary. Again, transportation, child care, and access to training opportunities.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Go ahead. And then I am going to try to have a couple seconds at the end.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. They don't have data that indicates that what they were doing without the waiver made a difference. And one of the----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Much of the data about the work requirement's impact on hunger does not exist, and----    The Chairman. Okay, then----    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--it certainly doesn't exist in New Mexico.    The Chairman.--have it if it doesn't exist, okay. Mr. Abraham, 5 minutes.