    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to agree that we do need to get to the bottom and we do need to find out what happened, and that is what everyone has been talking about. But the manner in which you do that, whether you are a lawyer, as I am, former U.S. attorney, whether you are a law enforcement official who conducts investigations, whether, as my friend from Illinois said, whether you are a parent trying to get to the bottom of an incident, you have to ask questions and you have to interview those who were involved.    But when the incident involves numerous documents, typically in any investigation, you try to get the documents ahead of time so that you run an efficient, fair investigation when you get to ask witness questions. You have documents in front of you that you can ask them the most relevant questions.    And that, I think, has been the problem that we have had, is that while you, Mr. Rubin, have talked about cooperating, you have required us to prioritize rather than giving us, as Ms. Roby talked about, the universe of documents, and so things have been, you know, dribbed and drabbed out to this committee over a period of time. And in large part because of that, that is why we have not interviewed witnesses yet, because we have been waiting on the documents for months.    And I think when this committee was established the State Department knew, as we said, we were going to take the work, the documents from the other committees. We didn't want to duplicate the effort. We wanted to take the documents from the other committees, and it has taken a long time just to get those. What was produced to OGR? What was produced to Intel? So I just want to say, we have tried in a very thorough, fair manner to try to extract the documents from the various agencies that have already given the documents to different committees.    Our recommendations do plan to be very--we do need to make bipartisan recommendations. I agree with that. But in order to conduct a fair, thorough, thoughtful, efficient investigation, we have to have the documents first. That is why we have been focused on the documents.    And I have to ask, how can we possibly learn from the attacks if we don't learn about the attacks? We can't make recommendations going forward if we don't have all of the facts about what happened before, during, and after the attack.    And there are documents that remain to be reviewed. We have learned that. You have recently given us new documents that were never reviewed prior to the establishment of this committee. Even though there have been eight committees that received and requested documents in the past, this committee is still getting new documents. And our challenge is we don't know how many more new documents are out there. And how can that be? After 2 years since this tragic incident, how can it be that we are still getting new documents?    And the need to review those documents, as anyone who conducts any investigation, that is critical prior to interviewing witnesses who have yet to tell their stories to Congress. So many witnesses have yet to tell their story to Congress.    And I want to focus on our request to interview those witnesses. Our first two requests--and there will be more requests, Mr. Rubin--our first two requests for the State Department were to interview 22 State Department personnel, 18 of whom were in Benghazi in the months prior to the attack and experienced firsthand the deteriorating security posture, as well as the 4 who were in Benghazi. None of those people have been interviewed by Congress, to my knowledge--none.    And so, for the other side to, you know, really try and capture all that has been done, how is it that 22 people who have direct knowledge have not yet been interviewed by any committees in Congress?    So there are no asked and answered questions from 22 different people with firsthand knowledge. So we are not seeking to duplicate any work that has already been done. This is new, fresh work that needs to be done--people who were there, people who were in Benghazi prior to the attack, and actually people who were there during the attack.    So would you agree with me, Mr. Rubin, that firsthand knowledge, rather than a summary, a report, another agent coming in and talking to us, firsthand information is better than secondhand information? Would you agree?    Mrs. Brooks. Well----    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you.    And please know that, as a former U.S. attorney and someone who was in charge of Victim-Witness Subcommittee for Attorney General Ashcroft and Attorney General Gonzales, I am very concerned about prosecutions and about victims and witnesses. And let me just share with you that our staff is in communication with the Justice Department, and we will handle these witnesses appropriately.    But if we made a request to you on December 4th of all of these witnesses--and I appreciate you would like them to be prioritized. It is January 27th today. There is no date yet scheduled for an interview of any of these people. We are not going to wait to receive now all of these documents, which would have been the more efficient way for a real investigation to be done.    So we would like to know what date. And because we want to preserve the safety and security of these personnel, we would like to know, I would say within the next 24 hours, which witnesses will be made available next week and which witnesses will be made available the following week and which witnesses will be made available the following week and so on.    And we all have a certain number of staff, but our staff will go to these witnesses, or we will work with you to make arrangements to get these staff back to Washington, D.C., to conduct these interviews.    Are you in agreement that that can be done?    Mrs. Brooks. And we will be working with the Justice Department on all of this, as well, to ensure their safety and security.    So, assuming that we take the Justice Department prosecution off of your plate and assume we work with them on how this will be done, will you work with us to get these interviews set up in the next week?    Mrs. Brooks. Who is the legal expert?    Mrs. Brooks. I appreciate that.    Who is the lawyer from the State Department that we should be communicating with with respect to scheduling these interviews of up to 22 different witnesses?    Mrs. Brooks. Who is the head of legal affairs for the State Department?    Mrs. Brooks. Why do you need priorities? They are all priorities. Twenty-two people----    Mrs. Brooks. Why do we have to prioritize? Why does our staff have to prioritize to the State Department?    Mrs. Brooks. When we don't know what they have to say, it is difficult, Mr. Rubin, to know who has the most information.    And so, at this point, we have the bandwidth and I would suggest that the other side has the bandwidth to begin on a regular process to set up a schedule as to when we will interview each of these 22 witnesses--18 who have not been interviewed who worked in Benghazi and in Libya prior and 4 who were there at the time of the attack.    And so will you work with us? Will you commit----    Mrs. Brooks . That your legal department will work with us to--and we will pledge that we will work with the Justice Department on these witnesses, too, because we absolutely do not want to compromise that investigation.    But these are individuals, some of whom have been interviewed by the ARB; is that correct?    Mrs. Brooks. We must have these interviews done in an expeditious manner. And if we could please get the documents ahead of time, it will make it most effective, and we won't need to have multiple interviews with these important eyewitnesses.    Mrs. Brooks. Thank you.    I yield back.