    Ms. Hahn. Thank you. I appreciate us holding this hearing today. Port security has really been my top issue since I have come to Congress. I represent the Port of Los Angeles and the complex of Long Beach in Los Angeles is within my backyard. So, as America's port, you know, representing almost--you know, it depends. Using around 42 percent of all the trade coming into this country comes through our ports; Todd and I have worked together on a number of issues.    But I will tell you, since 9/11 my concern has really increased in terms of something happening at one of our ports. Because of the nature of 9/11, certainly Congress has been more focused on aviation security because that was the nature of the attacks that day. And I think we have done a pretty amazing job at really changing the way we behave, and changing the way people fly.    But I really believe that we have not done the same for the ports in this country. I take it very personal and very--I am very responsible about keeping the people of my district safe, but also understanding what an attack at one of our ports would mean to our national and, dare I say, global economy.    I was happy 2012 that my legislation called the GAPS Act , which would have required DHS to identify remaining gaps in our Nation's port security, passed the House. And in last year's appropriations bill, my amendment requiring an assessment of cybersecurity risks at our Nation's most at-risk ports was included and passed. And I am looking forward to seeing the findings that are going to come out in August of that report.    And I am hoping, after today's hearing, Congress will also seriously take into consideration my other bill called the SCAN Act , which would create a pilot program to test the implementation of 100 percent scanning technology at two selected ports in this country.    And Todd, I am going to direct my questions to you. It is a little disturbing when you keep saying 100 percent scanning, because that is really not the intent of the law that Congress passed in 2006 called the SAFE Port Act . That was 100 percent scanning using radiation and x ray. So for you to keep saying 100 percent scanning of all containers coming in our ports is really not accurate, and I wish you wouldn't say that, because it makes people believe that we are following what Congress intended.    And it was unfortunate that Secretary Jeh Johnson has said 100 percent screening and scanning is not the best use of taxpayer resources, and they are delaying yet again Congress' will by another 3 years.    You know, the CBO estimated that meeting that mandate would cost about $22 billion to $32 billion over the course of 10 years, but we know--and that seems like a lot of money, but we know in 2002, when the west coast ports locked out the workers, we finally quantified that it was a $1 billion- to $2 billion-per-day hit to our economy. That lockout lasted 10 days, so there is your $20 billion right there. And if something were to happen at one of our ports, I think the economic risk, not to mention the loss of lives, would be enormous to this country.    Let's say--you know, I really want to know what you think about--because people say--you are included--most everybody here said it would slow down commerce if we did 100 percent scanning the way Congress intended. But I have never seen that to be proven, one way or another. And my bill would say, fine, let's test it at two ports. Let's have 100 percent scanning, radiation and x ray. Let's see. Because I believe there is technology that exists today that will accomplish both, that will keep us safe but will not slow commerce down.    If Congress decided to pass my bill, and we had a pilot program at two ports, what do you think--is there--do you think there is equipment that you would recommend that we could purchase or could use in testing this thing? I want somebody to prove me wrong, because I don't think I am wrong on this one.    Ms. Hahn. Right.    Ms. Hahn. Right.    Ms. Hahn. Right.    Ms. Hahn. Do you think there is technology out there that could solve this problem that maybe you have not tried yet?    Ms. Hahn. You know, and I know my time is up, and--but, you know, I will tell you I just don't buy that. And I am sorry, and I will say every single day that I think our ports are some of our most vulnerable entryways into this country. And until we act on what Congress decided, 100 percent scanning, I don't think we are going to have the safety and security we need. And I think slowing down commerce is certainly not my first option, but the alternative, what would happen to slow down commerce in this country, nationally and globally, if one of our major ports were to have an incident that shut them down, is unthinkable to me.    And I hope we move forward with 100 percent scanning some day. I think that that should be our goal. I think we should move toward it. And I think there is technology out there. And the more, by the way--and this is my last statement--but the more, by the way, we begin to agree to that goal, we are opening up a great opportunity for entrepreneurs and businesspeople to begin developing technology. But as long as we are shutting the door on that market, I don't think we are going to see the kind of technology that I know we are capable of creating to do both, keep us safe and move commerce.    Thank you very much for the extra time. You know my passion about this.