    Mr. Saab. Thank you, very much.    Mr. Saab. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Mr. Higgins. I am grateful for the opportunity to testify today on this very important subject. Once again, thank you for the congratulations.    If you asked me what is the biggest accomplishment of Iranian foreign policy since the 1979 revolution, I would say, in my judgment, it would be the contribution to the creation and subsequent development of Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite party.    Hezbollah, today, is one of the most powerful subnational actors operating in the world today. It has got global reach. It has got intelligence, counter-intelligence, military capabilities that are probably more significant than many mid-sized European countries. It has got regional political clout that, I would say, tops that of many Middle Eastern governments.    The main question today that many Hezbollah watchers are grappling with is whether the group's local and regional position has been strengthened or weakened, as a result of its over-involvement in the Syrian conflict.    So let me give you my bottom line right up front. The Syrian conflict presents Hezbollah with the biggest challenge it has faced since it was born, but it also creates opportunities. Let's be very honest about that.    Let me address just a couple of scenarios, as far as Hezbollah and how that affects the organization. The worst-case scenario for Hezbollah, as far as Syria is concerned, is, of course, the rebels winning and the fall of the regime. But I would say that even that, although it would make its life extremely difficult, it would not end it.    The best-case scenario, of course, would be a total defeat of the rebels. Also, to be honest, it is not really unthinkable, in today's circumstances. As a result of that, it would help the organization cement its control of Lebanon and further assert itself regionally.    The middle-ground scenario, which is the continuation of the status quo, and neither the regime nor the rebels win, yes, it would make its life, also, difficult. It will be costly for the organization. It prolongs the Syrian spillover into Lebanon. But it has made a lot of adjustments, and it has been quite successful at that, as well.    So why is it, actually, that, regardless of what happens in Syria, the organization will survive? I would say that the two main sources of support of the organization, that matter more than anything else, quite frankly, will remain intact. That is the Shiite support base of the organization, which, you know, they have cultivated for a very long time, since 1982, ever since their founding.    Of course, it is their main patron, Iran. Those two sources of support will endure, no matter what happens in Syria. You can make an argument that the bond between Hezbollah and its constituency has been under pressure, because of its costly adventure in Syria. But I haven't really seen any significant cracks in the bond.    As far as the special relationship it has with Iran, it will also endure. Why? Because the partnership has been extremely beneficial for both sides.    As you know, Mr. Chairman, Iran provides Hezbollah with money, weapons, strategic direction, organizational coherence, you name it. In return, Hezbollah allows Iran to reject Shiite power in the Arab world, and, with its military arsenal, it helps deter Israel from attacking Iran.    I have every reason to believe that these relations between the two allies, Hezbollah and Iran, will continue to develop, following the lifting of sanctions against Tehran, which brings me to Hezbollah's international activities, because, at the end of the day, they are an extension, in my opinion, of the paramilitary and intelligence agencies of Iran. They are not really independent.    So will the threat the group poses to the homeland increase, decrease, remain the same after the lifting of sanctions and, specifically, when Tehran has a few more billions of dollars to spend? I would say that any serious assessment has to look at both the intentions of the organization, but also the capabilities.    You know, having interacted, throughout my career, with many officials and analysts within the intelligence community regarding Hezbollah, I would say that nobody doubts the capabilities of the organization. It is just on the issue of intentions where there might be some debate.    Two reasons why Hezbollah has never really acted or attacked on U.S. territory: First, Hezbollah does not really strategize or act alone, when it comes to global operations. Tehran is in charge, here, for sure.    The second reason, Hezbollah has no interest, itself, because it is well--much aware of its own limitations and the consequences, the steep consequences, for taking on the most powerful nation on earth.    Now, could this change in the foreseeable future? I think a lot of it would depend on the evolution of relations between Iran and the United States. Should those--you know, should the relations take a dramatic turn for the worse, over a number of scenarios, it is likely that Iran might fight back, using asymmetric tools and particularly terrorism.    One of those tools may well be Hezbollah, of course. But, I would say, even under that scenario, Hezbollah would think twice, really, before it would decide to pick this fight, from which, really, it probably would not survive.    The U.S. Government has designated Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, but, in my mind, I think that terrorism is only one of the challenges that the organization poses. As a matter of fact, it is not the most imminent, it is not the most significant, in my opinion. The counterterrorism lens is a little bit too narrow.    The party, at the end of the day, is a product of Lebanon's internal weakness, Iran's intervention in Lebanese politics, previously Syria, and, of course, the on-going conflict with Israel. So the United States really has no desire or capacity to solve all these complex problems.    They have been--you know, they have been present for a very long time. I wrote, almost 6 years ago, and I think it is still pertinent today, that the most affordable option the United States can pursue, as far as Hezbollah, is containment, really.    You know, Washington should continue to provide assistance to the Lebanese armed forces, which it is doing, and try to bolster the country's internal strength, which would, ultimately, diminish the group's rationale for keeping its arms.    In closing, Mr. Chairman, let me emphasize that Hezbollah is dealing with really significant pressures, as a result of its costly intervention in Syria. The adjustments it has been forced to make have not been easy at all.    But the succession that these pressures represent, that the pressures will really lead to its death, in my opinion, represents nothing but wishful thinking. Equally important, it doesn't seem like its adversaries, foreign and domestic, are really in a position to take advantage of its present travails.    So this transformation that it is going through, from a domestic hegemon of Lebanon into a regional powerhouse, quite frankly, is now more achievable, because of what is happening in Syria.    Thank you, very much.    Mr. Saab. That is an interesting question. I believe that, over time, Hezbollah has gained some kind of autonomy from its main patron, but only on specific issues. Those do not include global operations. So, on those issues, I would say there is a lot of room for maneuvering for the organization, politically, inside Lebanon. They run their own show in Lebanon, to be honest.    As far as regional interventions and the intervention in Syria, I would say there is significant pressure coming from Tehran, asking it to intervene on its behalf to save the regime of the Syrian president.    As far as global operations, I would say they work in consultation, very, very closely. If they were to be asked to intervene globally on their behalf, I would say that, yes, they would think about it twice.    But, at the end of the day, the partnership is too strong. This source of support is so crucial for its own survival and its own well-being, that I would suspect, at the end of the day, that they would basically accept whatever the Iranians would ask them to do, on a global level.    Mr. Saab. It is gonna be a tough decision, but if it really comes down to this, and we witness a serious escalation of relations between Iran and the United States, there is growing regional instability, everything is at stake, I suspect so, sir.    Mr. Saab. Mr. Chairman, I have little to add to those excellent responses. I would just emphasize the fact that, you know, the Iranian regime has had some interesting divisions within it.    I wasn't really surprised by what happened with the sailors, because those types of activities--and its--typically, its regional involvements and its foreign policy are--is controlled by, I hate the terms, hardline and moderate. It is all relative. It is more like those who really oppose the deal and those who endorse it.    Those still control Iranian foreign policy. How that tension plays out in the foreseeable future is something really worth watching, for sure.    Mr. Saab. Fully agree with Mr. Berman's assertion. I would like to remind you, Mr. Higgins, that, you know, Iran is conventionally inferior, in many ways, relative to our partners in the Gulf and also to Israel. They feel, one of the missile defenses in the world, even though Iran's ballistic missile capabilities are growing.    I think that there is a good understanding among officials in the Department of Defense that deterrence on that level is working just fine. Now, where we have done not a very good job is at deterring Iran from actually using its asymmetric tools in the region. Now, they have been pretty good at that.    That requires, exactly like Mr. Berman said, a comprehensive strategy. They have been quite effective at it for a very long time, and there is a reason why they use it. It is because, once again, they are inferior when it comes to conventional capabilities.    A lot of ways that our partners in the Gulf could respond to that. I think it starts, really, with internal strength, building their special operations forces. I think they finally get it. Mr. Carter has been emphasizing this for quite some time. His message has been well-received. But it will take time. It will take time, because they are not really used to that.    Mr. Saab. Very briefly, Mr. Higgins, the story of Iran really is nothing but tragic. The fact that, as you very well-described, the population is--I don't have the most recent polls, but predominantly pro-Western, excited about the world, and everything that it offers, and then a leadership that has hijacked the country since 1979.    It is hard to really see a scenario, any time in the foreseeable future, where leadership becomes, you know, more cooperative, less hard-line in its policies, both at home and abroad. You know, if there were to be some types of changes of the leadership becoming less ideological, but still, obviously, problematic in many ways, I think a realistic scenario, and even that is still far-fetched, would be something resembling the Chinese system, less ideological, more open economically, but, of course, still, at home, politically closed.    You know, an X factor, which Mr. Berman has mentioned, is the--Mr. Khamenei, himself, the leader, the Supreme Leader, should he pass sometime soon, that is gonna create a major shock to the system. How that will unfold, I think, is definitely worth watching.    Mr. Saab. Very briefly, Mr. Chairman. What are the Russian red lines and what are the Iranian red lines in Syria? I am not an expert, really, on Russia, but I will just provide some thoughts.    For the Iranians, I really think it is a friendly regime in Damascus that preserves the supply lines to Hezbollah and the weapons depots that it has stored inside Syria. It is really crucial for the Iranians for Hezbollah to play a potent military deterrent role vis-a-vis Israel, and the Syrian connection is quite important.    I think the Syrian president is quite salvageable. I don't think, really, it is critical for the Iranians, or the Russians, as a matter of fact, for him to stay in power. It is just that, for now, it is much easier to keep him, because he has preserved their interests quite nicely.    If there were to be an alternative that would provide the same set of services, I think that they would be amenable to that, of course, on the condition that the price that they are asking for would be met.    What are the Russian red lines? I agree with Mr. Berman. I think it is a government in Damascus that fights terrorist groups, to have links to rebels in Chechnya. Any other consideration, really, is a preference of Russia, not really a core priority.    There has been this argument that we might have, you know, the capacity to try to create a wedge between the Iranians and the Russians in Syria and try to exploit any gap between the two. Quite frankly, we haven't done a very good job at it thus far, for, I think, two reasons.    One, it is not that easy, really, to define and identify what is the gap between the two. I think there is a nice division of labor here, between the Iranians and the Russians, in terms of their activities in Syria. One is committing ground troops, the other is, obviously, by air power.    There seems to be quite an intense consultation between the 2 countries about the future of the country, as Mr. Berman has described.    Mr. Saab. Well, as you know, Mr. Chairman, the intelligence community will tell you that we can't predict the future, but we can try to reduce the uncertainty. So it is, certainly, not unthinkable that this would happen, but I would still say that is unlikely, for a number of reasons.    As I mentioned in my earlier testimony, it is primarily something like this would happen as a result of really massive escalation in political relations between Iran and the United States. Let me just mention a couple of scenarios.    Maybe an incident at sea, in the Iranian Gulf, that would escalate. All of a sudden, it is existential stakes for Iran. It would lash out. Given its massive conventional inferiority, it would use terrorism, whether it is in the homeland or core U.S. strategic interests abroad.    Maybe an inadvertent clash on the ground in Iraq or elsewhere, or maybe even a clear violation by Iran of the Nuclear Deal. Of course, we would have to respond to that. Then one thing leads to another.    What happened in Washington with the attempt at the life of the Saudi ambassador, quite frankly, to me, it was very surprising. It was a very bold operation. Thank God, it was foiled. Could this happen again? Possibly.    It is not really an insignificant detail to say that the target was not a U.S. strategic target. It was a Saudi official. Of course, again, in Washington, in a very crowded area, which, once again, was very surprising to me, the fact that they had decided to pull that off in the heart of the capital.    But this is, once again, this is a very pragmatic regime that is very much aware of its own vulnerabilities and its own limitations. Now, could the voices that are the most extreme in Iran call the shots for something like this? It is certainly possible, but, once again, I would say it would result following clear and very dangerous escalation between the two sides, over a number of scenarios that I just mentioned to you.    Mr. Saab. Sure. Their presence has been well-documented. I am very well aware of what law enforcement agencies in the United States have been laser-focused on Hezbollah's presence, whether it is sympathizers or members. Really hard to tell a difference sometimes.    Once again, I really cannot speak with any degree of confidence to what extent, you know, Hezbollah would be willing to perpetrate such an escalatory act of political violence in the United States.    I would suspect that the preferred course of action that Iran would pursue would be an attack outside the United States, just because it is less escalatory. At the end of the day, there is a very clear return address, as far as Iranian terrorism, unlike, you know, the Islamic State, al-Qaeda. It is like chasing shadows. With Iran, it is very clear. We know where it is coming from, and they know that we know.    So, this type of understanding, in some ways, limits what they can do. But, once again, who knows what minds will prevail in Tehran. It is really hard to tell. This is a very opaque regime. Frankly, it is beyond my area of expertise what Hezbollah's international activities are.    I tend to agree with you, that, primarily, their presence in the United States and the activities that they are engaged in is fundraising. But I have heard, and I have read about, a lot of the criminal and illegal activities, not just in the United States, but, as Mr. Berman said, in Latin America and in Africa and in other places, as well.    This is quite a sophisticated network, and they have been trying to build it for some time, and, I would say, with some success.    Mr. Saab. Two things, very, very briefly. It is a very clear yes on the issue of capabilities, in case I wasn't clear on that. As I mentioned in my testimony, Hezbollah's international activities are an extension, at the end of the day, of Iranian paramilitary and intelligence agencies. Those are quite capable, themselves.    I think there is a very healthy appreciation in the U.S. Government for what Hezbollah is capable of, only because of its connection to Iranian paramilitary organizations.    Mr. Saab. Well, at the end of the day, Hezbollah relies, as I mentioned before, on two critical sources of support. Those would be the relationship with Iran and a relationship with the support base.    We, obviously, have to balance between our own interests in Lebanon as a whole, as a country, and also our own policy or approach with regards to Hezbollah. Now, you know, we should ask the Israelis. There has been on-going conflict between Hezbollah and Israelis for--since 1982. There has been a lot of tactical successes by the Israelis against Hezbollah.    They have been trying to disarm the organization for a long time, but they have not been successful, for a number of reasons. I mean, this is a very deeply-rooted organization within the country.    I think what the United States could tackle very effectively is the issue of global operations, because the dialogue, and I mentioned before, the return address is Tehran. But, in terms of its own presence inside the country, it is gonna be very difficult for the United States to really mount policies that would reduce its popularity, that would disarm it.    I mean, at the end of the day, this is quite a massive military arsenal. As I mentioned, the several confrontations with Israel over the past few years, with 3 high-intensity military conflicts in 2006, 1996, 1993, none of them have actually led to the disarming of the organization. As a matter of fact, have made the organization even stronger.    So the United States can effectively tackle the issue of terrorism through Iran, but, in terms of its own local position, its own--in terms of its regional influence and all that, I mean, that is going to require quite a comprehensive strategy that the United States has not formulated, thus far.