    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I also want to just commend my colleague, Mr. Cummings, the gentleman from Maryland. I remember over the past couple of years we had the breaches at JPMorgan and Home Depot and Target, where the gentleman from Maryland asked to have a hearing like this in the face of that breach, and he was denied by the previous chairman.    I know when we had the 800,000 workers that were affected in the U.S. Postal Service breach and the State Department breach, again the ranking member asked to have a hearing on the breaches and cybersecurity then and again we were denied by the previous chairman.    I just want to say that it probably reflects the new leadership, the new chairman, the gentleman from Utah, Mr. Chaffetz, that we are finally addressing this problem, and I think it bodes well not just for the committee and the work we are doing, but also I think for the American people, the people that we are supposed to be protecting. But again I want to thank Mr. Cummings for his leadership on this issue.    I happened to run across a report that was done by the New York State Department of Financial Services, and I would ask unanimous consent that we might enter this into the record, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Lynch. Thank you.    Mr. Lynch. What they did is they went through and they looked at what the banks in New York were doing in the face of a lot of these breaches. This was obviously on the private sector side. And while I understand we are looking at the Federal side, I think that there are some lessons learned here.    I think that the importance of a meaningful sort of public-private partnership on protecting cybersecurity is necessary because so many times the Government is actually relying on third parties in the private sector to protect their information. I think the President pointed out that we have to have a very tight collaboration between banks and financial services companies and third-party vendors.    To this end, I was a little bit shocked by the report of the New York State Department of Financial Services. They examined 40 regulated banking organizations and the report reveals that the Wall Street efforts to mitigate security risks of outside firms leaves great room for improvement, to say the least. While 90 percent of the banking organizations surveyed reported that they have information security requirements in place, the requirements are across a broad spectrum. There were some banks that required data encryption that was in communication, but not data encryption when the information was at rest. So people could hack into the system and get the information that was not encrypted.    Others had access controls, data classification, and disaster recovery plans. In addition, nearly all of the surveyed banking organizations report they have implemented policies that require both initial and periodic review of third-party vendors.    However, less than half of those banks, and there is great reputational risk as well as financial risk for these firms to allow a breach, so they should be motivated, less than 50 percent of these institutions conduct any type of onsite assessments like Ms. Seymour mentioned in her testimony and only 46 percent are required to conduct onsite assessments of so-called high-risk third-party vendors such as check payment processors and trading settlement operations and data processing companies. Only about a third of them are required to conduct periodic onsite assessments of high-risk third-party stakeholders during the life of their entire contract, and those respondents included 50 percent of large institutions reported that they use encryption, again, for data that is in communication, but not when it is at rest.    I suspect that with the motivation that these banks have, they have a larger compliance rate than we do in the Federal Government, and I want to know from you collectively--and I appreciate that you all do great work. Mr. Fischer, CRS is one of our favorite groups; they help Congress enormously. But if the private sector is failing so miserably, what lessons are there for us and what are we doing to try to step up our game to protect the information that the Federal Government has within its custody?