    Mr. Savory. ``Desertification is a fancy word for land that is turning to desert, and this happens only when we create too much bare ground. There is no other cause. And I intend to focus on most of the world's land that is turning to desert. But I have for you a very simple message that offers more hope than you can imagine. We have environments where humidity is guaranteed throughout the year. On those, it is almost impossible to create vast areas of bare ground no matter what you do. Nature covers it up so quickly. And we have environments where we have months of humidity followed by months of dryness, and that is where desertification is occurring.    Fortunately with space technology now, we can look at it from space, and when we do, you can see the proportions fairly well. Generally what you see in green is not desertifying, and what you see in brown is, and these are by far the greatest areas of the earth. About two-thirds, I would guess, of the world is desertifying. I took this picture in the Tihamah Desert while 25 millimeters, that is an inch of rain, was falling. Think of it in terms of drums of water each containing 200 liters.    Over 1,000 drums of water fell on every hectare of that land that day. The next day, the land looked like this. Where had that water gone? Some of it ran off as flooding, but most of the water that soaked into the soil simply evaporated out again, exactly as it does in your garden if you leave the soil uncovered.    Now, because the fate of water and carbon are tied to soil organic matter, when we damage soils, you give off carbon, carbon goes back to the atmosphere.    Now, you are told over and over repeatedly that desertification is only occurring in arid and semiarid areas of the world and that tall grasslands like this one, in high rainfall, are of no consequence, but if you do not look at grasslands, but look down into them, you find that most of the soil in that grassland that you have just seen is bare and covered with a crust of algae, leading to increased runoff and evaporation. That is the cancer of desertification that we do not recognize till its terminal form.    Now, we know that desertification is caused by livestock, mostly cattle, sheep, and goats overgrazing the plants, okay, leaving the soil bare and giving off methane. Almost everybody knows this, from Nobel laureates to golf caddies, always taught it, as I was.    Now, the environments like you see here, dusty environments in Africa, where I grew up, and I loved wildlife, and so I grew up hating livestock because of the damage they were doing, and then my university education as an ecologist reinforced my beliefs. Well, I have news for you. We were once just as certain that the world was flat. We were wrong then, and we are wrong again. And I want to invite you now to come along on my journey of reeducation and discovery.    When I was a young man, a young biologist in Africa, I was involved in setting aside marvelous areas as future national parks. Now, no sooner--this was in the 1950s. And no sooner did we remove the hunting, drumbeating people to protect the animals, than the land began to deteriorate, as you see in this park that we formed. Now, no livestock were involved, but suspecting that we had too many elephants now, I did the research and I proved we had too many, and I recommended that we would have to reduce their numbers and bring them down to a level that the land could sustain. Now, that was a terrible decision for me to have to make, and it was political dynamite, frankly, so our government formed a team of experts to evaluate my research. They did. They agreed with me. And over the following years, we shot 40,000 elephants to try to stop the damage, and it got worse, not better. Loving elephants as I do, that was the saddest and greatest blunder of my life, and I will carry that to my grave. One good thing did come out of it. It made me absolutely determined to devote my life to finding solutions.    When I came to the United States, I got a shock to find national parks like this one desertifying as badly as anything in Africa, and there had been no livestock on this land for over 70 years. And I found that American scientists had no explanation for this except that it is arid and natural.    So I then began looking at all the research plots I could over the whole of the western United States where cattle had been removed to prove that it would stop desertification, but I found the opposite. As we see on this research station where this grassland that was green in 1961, by 2002 had changed to that situation. And the authors of the position paper on climate change from which I obtained these pictures attribute this change to unknown processes.    Clearly we have never understood what is causing desertification, which has destroyed many civilizations and now threatens us globally. We have never understood it. Take one square meter of soil and make it bare like this is down here, and I promise you, you will find it much colder at dawn and much hotter at midday than that same piece of ground if it is just covered with litter, plant litter. You have changed the microclimate. Now, by the time you are doing that and increasing greatly the percentage of bare ground on more than half the world's land, you are changing macroclimate, but we have just simply not understood why was it beginning to happen 10,000 years ago, why has it accelerated lately. We had no understanding of that.    What we had failed to understand was that these seasonal humidity environments of the world, the soil and the vegetation, developed with very large numbers of grazing animals and that these grazing animals developed with ferocious pack hunting predators. Now, the main defense against pack hunting predators is to get into herds, and the larger the herd, the safer the individuals. Now, large herds, dung and urinate all over their own food, and they have to keep moving, and it was that movement that prevented the overgrazing of plants, while the periodic trampling ensured good cover of the soil, as we see where a herd has passed.    This picture is a typical seasonal grassland, it has just come through 4 months of rain and it is now going into 8 months of dry season, and watch the change as it goes into this long dry season. Now, all of that grass you see aboveground has to decay biologically before the next growing season, and if it doesn't, the grassland and the soil begin to die. Now, if it does not decay biologically, it shifts to oxidation, which is a very slow process, and this smothers and kills grasses, leading to a shift to woody vegetation and bare soil, releasing carbon.    To prevent that, we have traditionally used fire, but fire also leaves the soil bare, releasing carbon. And worse than that, burning one hectare of grassland gives off more and more damaging pollutants than 6,000 cars, and we are burning in Africa every single year more than 1 billion hectares of grasslands, and almost nobody is talking about it. We justify the burning as scientists, because it does remove the dead material and it allows the plants to grow.''