    Mr. Wittman. I will call to order the Subcommittee on Readiness of the House Armed Services Committee.    I want to welcome everybody and thank you for being here today with us for the Readiness hearing on the U.S. Transportation Command fiscal year 2017 readiness posture.    This is the only hearing in front of this committee by TRANSCOM and it has been 2 years since we have had the opportunity for the Transportation Command to present its readiness posture.    In the past 3 months, the services testified on increased readiness risks due to reduced investments in installation infrastructure, training, and equipment. Today I look forward to hearing how the Transportation Command's budget request enables a readiness recovery plan and where we continue to take risk.    I would like to welcome all of our members and our distinguished Air Force expert. This morning we have with us General Darren McDew, U.S. Air Force, Commander, United States Transportation Command, distinguished VMI graduate.    Thank you for testifying today. We look forward to your thoughts and insights on these important issues. The purpose of this hearing is to clarify Transportation Command's posture to address readiness priorities, mitigation strategies, and to gather more detail on the current and future impacts of these decisions on operations and training.    Once again, I want to thank our witness for participating in our hearing today, and I look forward to discussing these important topics.    And now I would like to turn to our ranking member, Madeleine Bordallo, for any remarks that she might have upon her return from Guam.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Ms. Bordallo.    General McDew, we will go to you for your opening statement and want you to know, too, that your written statement will be entered into the record.   STATEMENT OF GEN DARREN W. McDEW, COMMANDER, USAF, UNITED     General McDew. Thank you, Chairman Wittman, and since you opened it up, a hearty, ``Rah Virginia Mil!''    Chairman Wittman, Ranking Member Bordallo--I hope I didn't butcher that, ma'am--and distinguished members of this committee, it is an honor to be with you today representing the men and women of the United States Transportation Command. I would like to thank you for the opportunity to address the committee and I would like to thank you for the unwavering support you give to the men and women who serve this mighty Nation.    I value the time I get to speak to you, and I would like to start by highlighting a true American hero with whom I have had the pleasure to serve, my senior enlisted leader, Chief Master Sergeant William W. Turner. Bill enlisted in July of 1986 in Shelbyville, Tennessee, and after 30 years of faithful service, this impeccable leader, this airman, his wife, Stacey, and his children, Regan, Tyler, Haley, and Jacey, are retiring in May. It is a tough, tough thing for him to do.    Chief Turner is a true American hero who has served with distinction, participating in contingency operations around the globe, including nine deployments in support of Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom. He deserves all the respect and appreciation our Nation can possibly bestow and he is emblematic of those men and women I represent today. But Bill Turner will be sorely missed. And he stands right behind me.    As I appear before you today, I assure you that those men and women that he represents in U.S. Transportation Command stand ready to deliver this Nation's objectives anywhere at any time. I am in awe every day of what its members are capable of, and I am proud to serve next to them.    I am confident our organization is ready to respond when our Nation calls. However, there are several trends that concern me. First, the current pace of today's operations requires the full effort of our non-mobilized air refueling and airlift fleets. Should the need arise to respond elsewhere in the world, the mobility resources required could exceed existing capacity.    Additionally, I am concerned about our ability to operate in increasingly contested environments, including the cyber domain where nearly 90 percent of our traffic flows on unclassified networks to and from our commercial providers.    Finally, we must remain vigilant and meet the long-term recapitalization needs of tomorrow. Highest among these priorities are the development of a viable, strategic sealift recapitalization plan and the on-time delivery of the KC-46 Alpha.    To address these concerns, I have established the following priorities for the command. Ensuring today's readiness while advocating for tomorrow's capabilities, advancing our cyber domain capabilities, evolving to remain relevant in tomorrow's world, and championing an innovative workforce. These priorities balance today's readiness while ensuring our focus remains clearly on the future.    In closing, I am committed to working closely with Congress and the services to retain the flexibility we require while partnering in and out of DOD to ensure we are always ready to deliver the Nation's objectives in time of need.    Chairman Wittman, Ranking Member Bordallo, and distinguished members of this committee, thank you again for your time and your support to U.S. Transportation Command and our total force, and I stand ready for your questions.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, General McDew. I appreciate your opening statement and your perspective on both the opportunities and challenges there before TRANSCOM.    I want to begin by exploring the challenges that TRANSCOM faces in the cyber realm. And you spoke to those and that you were in the unique situation versus other COCOMs and even other elements of our Nation's military and the interconnectivity between your systems and systems of the industry and systems of customers and how that has to be addressed, obviously, in today's threat world.    Give us your perspective on what, first of all, TRANSCOM is doing in addressing those threats.    And then secondly, what type of support are you getting from U.S. Cyber Command? And more specifically, do they understand the variety of threats that you face because of the uniqueness of your systems, and are they, number one, cognizant of that? And number two, are they allowing you the flexibility you need to make sure that you are properly defending TRANSCOM's digital systems?    General McDew. Thank you, Chairman.    On the first, on what is U.S. Transportation Command doing, the cyber threat--I believe we are in our infancy as a nation in dealing with the cyber threat. All of us would probably agree that we couldn't foretell where we would be today with a cyber threat versus where we were just 10 years ago. And I am concerned, as will all of us--where we will be 10 years from now.    U.S. Transportation Command is doing an exceptional job of defending our own network and our enclave. As we talked earlier this morning, we have some great cyber professionals who won awards in how well we defend our network.    On the periphery of that defense though lies 90 percent of what we do, which is on the unclassified commercial networks and outside of that we have commercial providers that are under attack every single day. So you might not necessarily have to attack my strong position inside USTRANSCOM, but go after someone who provides us a service.    With that I am concerned about some definitions that we need to get after and that is when I defend my network, how far out can I defend? What constitutes an attack on a commercial provider? What do they have to report as an attack, because the definition may be not as clear with every single person. Those are just a few.    Because of that I believe we are uniquely postured as U.S. Transportation Command to work both inside the military and outside with Homeland Security in bridging the gap between military capabilities and commercial capabilities.    And that is where Cyber Command squarely fits. And Admiral Rogers and I, the Cyber commander, are tied at the hip. He fully understands our dilemma. His team is completely linked with ours and they are great supporters.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you. I know that it certainly provides you a number of challenges that you must deal with and we want to make sure that Cyber Command is cognizant of those and is there to help you. I think yours is a unique situation and one that we want to make sure that you have the tools necessary to defend your systems as well as understanding where the threats are from your customers and also from the industry that you work with.    Let me talk about the Maritime Security Program . And I want to go to the Merchant Marine Act and the U.S. policy there states that the vessels of the Merchant Marine shall be operated by highly trained and efficient citizens in the United States.    And I understand that as you implement the Maritime Security Program, there are about 60 ships there of the 78 total that are available to provide that sealift, to provide that ability for us to move things around as necessary to preposition supplies. All those things are extraordinary critical and I can go through the numbers of what was moved during the conflicts in the Middle East. And it is mind-boggling what has been done there, the logistics of what you all have done both in Iraq and especially in Afghanistan with sometimes challenges to the lines of communication and trying to get our military hardware to ports in places like Karachi and others.    A couple of questions that I have is concerning the MSP. To what extent are you looking at the program--not just today in the capability but what the program needs to provide in the future, understanding the challenges that the industry faces both with capacity that is in the ships but also capability and that is in the merchant mariners that run those ships?    Give me your perspective on where you see us today but also what TRANSCOM needs to do to make sure the future is such that both the capacity and capability are there in necessary quantities to meet United States military needs.    General McDew. Yes, Chairman. The Nation is still a maritime nation. And our reliance on the maritime force to deliver what we call a decisive force. I can deliver an immediate force anywhere on the planet tonight. But to deliver a decisive force it takes a fully fledged, competent, maritime fleet. And that is what the MSP provides us.    And in the future of the program, in the number of ships and in mariners both are concerns. First with ships. The 60 ships of the 78 is telling because we only have 78 in the entire international market for the United States--a maritime nation. That is, I believe, a challenge. We ought to have a dialogue about how important is a U.S. international fleet to the United States of America. I believe it is vital to moving military goods and hardware.    And as you articulated quite well, we could not have done the last wars we had without that decisive force being delivered by our maritime partners. As a matter of fact as an airman, as a career airman it kind of daunts me to tell you that it is the maritime force that provides that decisive army to provide force around the world.    And we are working very closely with the Department of the Navy to come up with a balanced program that will get after ship recapitalization and whether or not and how we recapitalize those ships and how long it will take. What we don't want to do is take away from the building of other ships. And so we got to have some leverage. Is there a part of it that will be--maybe we buy some foreign-built ships to bridge the gap? Do we build new ships? All of it has to be factored in to what the U.S. Navy is doing as well.    On the mariners--without mariners we don't have a capability. And I believe that U.S. credentialed mariners is important too. So I have been visiting some of the maritime colleges to ensure that those young men and women understand how much we need them, how much we value their credentials they come out of college with and we need them to go to sea. And we need them to stay with us.    And so it is important that we keep about 11,000 plus is what MARAD tells me, mariners in the fleet.    Mr. Wittman. Very good. Well thanks for your perspective on where we are today but also what we need to do in the future and I agree with you, we need to have some soul-searching conversations about what--both capacity and capability we need to build for the future. We know today it seems to be in somewhat a state of atrophy, and we need to make sure we are anticipating the needs in the future.    So General McDew thank you so much. And Chief Turner thank you, thanks for your service to our Nation. Thanks for all that you have done. We wish you all the best in your retirement. Please give our best to your wonderful family. I know they sacrifice as you serve. Please thank them. We know that service to our Nation is indeed a family affair and we appreciate your stellar performance and your dedication to this Nation. Thank you.    Now we will go to Ms. Bordallo.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Ms. Bordallo.    And now I go to Mr. LoBiondo.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. LoBiondo.    And I go to Mr. Nugent.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Nugent.    Mr. Wittman. Sure.    General McDew . What I first transmitted.    In the MSP it is all U.S. flag--U.S. crewed ships. I posited that we ought to have a conversation as a country about whether or not we believe that is the way to go forward. I am not advocating. But if we don't keep an eye on our capability and our capacity, we may find ourselves there by default. And I am not advocating that either. But I mentioned that as something we ought to be concerned about as a nation--a maritime nation.    So thank you for letting me clarify that a little bit.    Mr. Wittman. Sure.    General McDew. I am not advocating----    Mr. Wittman. Got you.    General McDew . That at all.    I am advocating potentially as a bridge to capacity and the ships that we have in some of our gray-hull fleet and how we recapitalize some of those ships is--maybe we can have some foreign-built capacity in those ships as we work--these are the ones we keep in reserve, our Ready Reserve Force. Can we have foreign-built ships?    The stipend, as we have talked about before, provides our maritime industry a little bit of defraying of the cost of the difference between what it costs to run a U.S. flag organization versus a foreign flag. And the numbers that MARAD tells me recently--I don't want to be completely quoted----    Mr. Wittman. Sure.    General McDew . But the $3.1 just defrays the cost of that difference, it doesn't cover the cost of that difference. And some would say that that difference is upwards of $5 million today. And it may be going up to $6 million, $7 million, $8 million in the out-years, that difference in costs.    And so that is where the true conversation about MSP and the stipend gets to.    Mr. Wittman. Well, thanks for clarifying that because I do think it is a discussion we need to have concerning how do we make sure we have that capacity. How do we make sure too that we have the capacity going in the future, obviously--aging fleet, as you spoke of the capability there to make sure we have U.S. merchant mariners to man those ships. I think it is extraordinarily important, so definitely an issue we have to talk about.    We put a lot of focus now on amphibious lift, sealift as an important component--in fact there is an element of amphibious lift that is indeed a sealift component, although it is a military ship, per se, it assumes the same role as a sealift ship would be in prepositioning supplies and making sure that we can move things in the right way in the timely ways that we need to.    So I agree, I think that your perspective there is extraordinarily important and one that we need to address on the House Armed Services Committee.    Ms. Bordallo.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Ms. Bordallo. We will now go to Mrs. Hartzler.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mrs. Hartzler.    Now we will go to Mr. Gibson.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you very much, Mr. Gibson.    Why don't I go to Mr. Peters.    Okay, thank you.    General, I wanted to talk a little bit about the DP3 program as we had spoken at a little bit earlier.    I know the transition from the previous contractor to the new contractor didn't get off on the best foot. We got a lot of calls, as well as others, about personal property and the timeliness of it getting back stateside or even getting to forward-deployed areas wherever those folks may be.    Can you give us an up-to-date perspective on where the DP3 program is now with current carrier, the timeliness, the performance standards that are required on the contract, and how this contractor is performing?    General McDew. Our global privately owned vehicle contract, the GPC-3, was something that I had to learn quickly about when I took command of U.S. Transportation Command because as I tell my staff--you move goods and services for the military all the time but when you move a family, that is something that really is extremely emotional and we all understand it because we all have families who have moved around the world.    And so this particular contract did not get off to a good start. But the movement from a vendor who had it for 15 years, transitioning to a new one is always going to have some challenges. But there was also a period of time where the new contractor wasn't allowed to get started because of a protest. So that further hampered their ability.    And there is no other way to describe it but abysmal is how it started.    But last year, this contractor moved 72,000-plus vehicles. They had four quarters of work. Their lowest quarter of on-time delivery was 86 percent. They had two quarters above 99 percent. I believe they have turned the corner.    I have challenged my staff to say one day we will recompete this contract. We don't want to have this happen again. So we are--I am taking a briefing every single peak season, I will take a briefing. We should never be surprised that the peak season for moving people is the summertime. And surprisingly, Christmas happens on the 25th of December. We shouldn't be shocked by that at any time in the future. And I don't think we will be.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, General McDew.    Are there any other questions? Mr. Peters.    Mr. Wittman. Thank you, Mr. Peters. We will gladly do that.    Any other questions that you might have, General McDew will submit them for the record, and as well as any other committee members.    So if there are no further questions before this hearing, I will adjourn.    General McDew, thank you very much. Thank you.