    Mr. Ireland. Thank you, Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and members of the subcommittee. I am pleased to be here today. My name is Oliver Ireland. I am a partner in the financial services practice at Morrison & Foerster here in town and previously was an Associate General Counsel with the Federal Reserve Board. I was with the Federal Reserve System for 26 years before joining private practice. I currently have more than 40 years experience dealing with bank regulatory issues.    Today, the subcommittee is considering seven different proposals that cover a broad range of issues. My testimony will touch on each of them. I look forward to questions and to drilling down on details at the subcommittee's pleasure.    The TAILOR Act, H.R. 2896, would address the problem of regulatory burdens on smaller institutions due to requirements designed for larger and more complex institutions. Many of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act tried to differentiate between larger and smaller institutions, some of them in the statute, some of them in the regulations, but there is nevertheless a trickle-down effect on smaller institutions.    Smaller institutions remain subject to some very complex rules, including things such as the Volcker Rule, and while in practice it shouldn't apply to any of their activities, they still have to understand the Rule in order to be sure that it doesn't. So I think the TAILOR Act is another step to try to address regulatory burden on smaller institutions. I think it is an important step.    H.R. 2987, the Community Bank Clarification Act, would expand the grandfather for capital instruments for under-$15 billion institutions. This is a technical change to the current statute. Drafting legislation, particularly in a response to a crisis such as the recent financial crisis, and creating the Dodd-Frank Act is hard work. There are bound to be technical issues. This is one of the technical issues, it is a cleanup, and I can't see why there should be any controversy with respect to that provision.    H.R. 2473, Preserving Capital Access and Mortgage Liquidity, expands credit unions' access to Federal Home Loan Bank membership and Federal Home Loan Bank borrowing and should promote credit union lending to smaller businesses, smaller farms, and community development organizations, and I think that is also desirable.    H.R. 2121 is the SAFE Transitional Licensing Act and deals with mortgage originator licensing under the SAFE Act and facilitates the movement of mortgage originators, individuals, from depository institutions to nondepository institutions and between States. I understand that there is perhaps a subsequent discussion draft of that bill, and there may be technical issues that need to be worked out, but I think the thrust of the proposal is good and will improve competition among mortgage originators, and competition improves quality.    H.R. 2287 deals with budgetary transparency for the NCUA. I understand that bank regulators don't necessarily like to have their budgets scrutinized. I lived as a bank regulator for a long time, and I think at least the bank regulatory budget ought to be something that people are aware of and understand the purposes of and understand what is going on, and I am for budgetary transparency.    H.R. 2209 deals with municipal obligations under the Liquidity Coverage Ratio. I think that the failure to include municipal obligations as high-quality liquid assets in the current rules will adversely affect the liquidity of those obligations and will almost inevitably adversely affect the pricing of those obligations, making it more difficult and more expensive for States and municipalities to raise funding going forward. And as my colleague Dr. Kupiec pointed out, the risks of expanding high-quality liquid assets to pick up these assets are minimal.    The Financial Stability Oversight Council Reform Act again is budgetary transparency and budgetary accountability for the Office of Financial Research. I think the people of the United States have a right to know how their money is being spent and oversight over that money, unless there are serious issues that the political process will impair those functions, which I don't see here.    Thank you. I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Ireland. I think a key feature is looking at the market liquidity and banks' investment incentives under the Liquidity Coverage Ratio in conjunction with other rules. For example, the leverage ratio in the capital rules, and particularly the supplemental leverage ratio for larger institutions, to the extent that it is binding, tends to discourage institutions from holding lower-yielding high-quality bond assets because it places the same capital charge on those assets as it places on higher-yielding loan assets, for example.    So as you are looking at your balance sheet, the larger banks are discouraged, essentially, from holding municipal securities because of some of the capital rules, and they will have an incentive, however, to hold securities that satisfy the Liquidity Coverage Ratio rules, and things that are similar but aren't listed in the Liquidity Coverage Ratio rules will suffer significantly. And I think you are going to start to see a cliff effect at the line between those eligible high-quality liquid assets and things that aren't. And so you are making the market through the rules, and if you leave the munis out of the rules, I think it is inevitable, as Dr. Kupiec has said, going to cost municipalities and States money and their funding.    Mr. Ireland. I think it adversely affects everybody concerned.    Mr. Ireland. First of all, I think your interpretation is correct. I think it is basically a drafting glitch in the original Dodd-Frank Act. And an institution that downsized since 2009, the 2009 grandfather date in the bill, and was above $15 billion in the holding company before that and became below $15 billion afterwards because perhaps they sold off some of their units or for other reasons, they are now a smaller institution, but they don't get the same treatment as other smaller institutions. And I just don't see the logic to that difference.    Mr. Ireland. This is an old problem. We have had this for decades that the regulatory system focuses on the larger bank problems, the burdens trickle down to the smaller banks, and the regulators, trying to solve the bigger problem, don't adequately adjust for the impact on smaller banks. There are numerous examples of legislation trying to fix the problem, but it is still here and we haven't fixed it. And I think everything Congress does to draw attention to it is beneficial to small banks, small businesses, and the customers they serve.    Mr. Ireland. Sure. The problem, and we have seen this now, we have seen constant consolidation in the banking world. Banks keep getting bigger over time. One of the things driving this is the regulatory cost of being a bank and doing compliance. And if you are a smaller bank, you have to understand the regulations you have to comply with and you have to put in place compliance programs, and that is even if the rules, like the Volcker Rule, are designed for much larger banks, you are still not completely exempt. And then you have to spread the cost of that regulatory compliance effort over a much smaller base, and so it drives up the cost to the smaller banks and makes it less economic for them to operate.    A $500 million bank can't proprietary trade under the Volcker Rule. How can a $500 million bank tell whether or not it is proprietary trading, since it doesn't have the money to sit down and read that 800-page Federal Register notice and sort out the 2,500 or 3,000 footnotes in it? So the burden on smaller banks is disproportionate to the burden on larger banks.    Mr. Ireland. I would be happy to address that. One of the problems is that you have to become licensed as a loan originator if you are not in a bank. You have to be registered if you are in a bank. So if you are in a bank, if you work for a bank as a mortgage loan officer and you want to move to a nonbank, you have to become licensed, and there is going to be a delay in that process. And what this bill would do is provide a 120-day transition period so you can work while you get the license as you move to the nonbank provider, and the same kind of things work in moving from one State to another.    Fostering mobility among individual loan originators, people who work in the business, fosters competition and is going to make the system work better. And so I think this kind of thing makes a lot of sense. There are in this bill and in the other bills some details that may need to be worked out, but I think moving in this direction is something that the committee wants to do.    Mr. Ireland. I don't think transparency without control jeopardizes their independence. So if what you are saying is you are going to make your budget public, you are going to solicit comments on your budget, and you are going to respond to your budget, that puts you through a discipline to justify what you are doing. It doesn't cede control of the budget to somebody else. It doesn't mandate reductions in the budget. I think that adds discipline to the budgetary process, and I think the NCUA and, quite frankly, the rest of the bank regulators in their bank supervisory activities can only benefit from that kind of discipline.    Mr. Ireland. I think on the report issue, there was an example where the OFR put out a report on asset managers, and the SEC subsequently went to the lengths to solicit public comment on it. You only got public comments through the SEC, and there were valuable comments submitted. I think there were a lot of misunderstandings in that report and perhaps some factual errors.    I would also point out that the members of the FSOC all have their own budgets. We are not talking about the FSOC members having their budgets cut or the actual regulators having their budgets cut. We are talking about transparency and the appropriation process for a research arm that supports essentially the Secretary of the Treasury. And Federal Reserve Chair Yellen has her own research people who can research FSOC issues and do research FSOC issues.    So you are not really impairing the operation of FSOC. You are dealing with part of the Treasury, and putting part of the Treasury in the appropriations process like most of the rest of the Treasury.    Mr. Ireland. Their meetings are generally not public, and there is substantial litigation by one of the entities that has been designated as systemically important based on the reasonableness of the process that we have gone through, and I think some transparency into that process would be beneficial for all concerned going forward.    Mr. Ireland. I would agree. I think that the $15 billion should be an ongoing number, and if you are below $15 billion, you get the benefits, and if you are above $15 billion, you don't. And I am hard-pressed to think of a $15 billion institution as systemic.    Mr. Ireland. It should. I think that is the intent, and if the regulators respond appropriately to it, they should lessen the burdens on smaller institutions, and character loans should come back. We saw this problem in the 1990s in response to the thrift crisis, that character loans dried up. We are seeing it again. The regulators try to do things risk-based, but risk-based often means we are going to increase the scrutiny on the bigger guys, we are not going to reduce the scrutiny on the smaller guys.    And the scrutiny trickles down. It just does. We tell banks to look sort of one layer up in the regulatory tiers in doing their own planning just to be safe, because that is what the examiners tend to do. That is the standards they tend to hold them to.    Mr. Ireland. I can't identify any.    Mr. Ireland. I can't identify any reason why you wouldn't adopt this provision.    Mr. Ireland. Why you wouldn't adopt it.    Mr. Ireland. It is just common sense. I can't see why you wouldn't do this.    Mr. Ireland. I would agree with Dr. Kupiec. I don't think they have been transparent either.    Mr. Ireland. Yes, let me add one other point here. By being designated a SIFI, you become regulated by the Federal Reserve Board, which is a bank regulator and understands the bank regulatory model. And whether that model is appropriate for GE, a large, diversified company, or an insurance company, of which there have been a number of designations, is really debatable. The expertise and the usefulness of that model for that purpose, I think is questionable, and I think that FSOC would have been better served to think more carefully about the tools it has and the classes of people it designated rather than going through the sort of ad hoc designation process that they have used.    So I think greater transparency in the overall process would be better for the designation process and provide more certainty to market participants and give them more confidence in going forward in the economy.    Mr. Ireland. I agree with Dr. Kupiec. I would add that the Secretary of the Treasury is not just the Chairman of FSOC. The Secretary of the Treasury's vote is required for many of FSOC's actions. The Secretary of the Treasury is a head of an Executive Branch agency and is subject to removal by the President for policy disagreement. So the idea that FSOC is some sort of wholly independent agency, I just don't think is true.    And I would agree with the thrust of your comments. I think there may be places--I came out of the Federal Reserve and would be a little bit concerned about lack of budgetary independence for monetary policy because I think there is some potential abuses there. But I don't think that same argument applies, for example, to the Federal Reserve's bank supervisory functions or the other bank supervisory functions. It is nice for them to be independently funded, but for them to justify why they are spending their money or maybe they should be spending more money on other things that would be evident to the public process, I think is probably in the public interest.    Mr. Ireland. You are correct.    Mr. Ireland. Mutual organizations derive their funding from their customers and build their capital base through retained earnings, and stock organizations obtain their capital by issuing securities into the markets. The growth of capital in a mutual organization is a much slower process, and to adjust to significant capital changes, for example, as have been flowing out of Basel III, is more difficult for a mutual organization.    In addition, I think that many of the capital rules are designed to deal with problems as they were observed in stock companies--and this particularly goes to the capital instruments issue that I think you are referring to--and how those rules affect mutuals, I think is a separate question.    And the assumptions you make about the market effect of Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 common equity capital, in a stock company simply may not apply to a mutual. You may not have the same kinds of concerns in the mutual that you have in the stock company. And I think tailoring capital rules to mutuals is something that ought to be done and the regulators ought to look at that very, very seriously.    Mr. Ireland. I would support that proposal. I think that there could be details that need to be worked out as you go forward, but I think that something needs to be done to accommodate the mutual organizations. Otherwise, ratcheting up Tier 1 capital may simply strangle them and put them out of business.    Mr. Ireland. I don't have the time to list them all. I can't get it down to one. I think you have very serious problems right now.    Mr. Ireland. I haven't had the time to go back and examine the historic call report or reports--it is not call reports, it is the holding company reports that you would have to look at--to identify those. I understand that there are at least two of them. And I don't think the number is what really matters. I think the statute is just drafted wrong, and you want to fix that glitch in the statute. That is not the way you ought to draft grandfathers.    They have grandfathered the instruments. They don't want new trust-preferred issued. But the institutions that have issued them, whether they are above or below $15 billion is a completely separate issue and doesn't promote in any way evasion of the purposes of the capital rules.    Mr. Ireland. I would agree with Dr. Kupiec. If the assets meet the tests for liquidity and quality, they ought to get treated in the appropriate category. And it makes absolutely no sense and will just distort markets and cause all kinds of problems to have different rules for different institutions. You need a consistent rule here, and picking and choosing by issuer as opposed to character of the asset, I think is inappropriate.    Mr. Ireland. Oh, I think so. I think it makes it very hard to move from a bank to a nonbank, and provides a very great deterrent in that regard and cuts down on competition between banks and nonbanks. And I think this is in the interests of the originators. I think it is also in the interests of the efficiency of the market.    Mr. Ireland. And the consumers.    Mr. Ireland. I would just like to point out that I think the effect of this legislation goes beyond mortgage loans. I think it goes to small business loans and agricultural loans and community development loans as well and those activities of credit unions. And I think it is strongly in the interests of the credit unions and the communities that they serve that they have access to the additional source of funding through the Home Loan Banks.    Mr. Ireland. I think this is a necessary change to the statute. Aside from the Federal Housing Finance Agency's actions, I think if you look at the statute, this looks like it makes sense.