    Mr. Fugate. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Members, Members. I want to address your questions. What does a local official need? What do they need to plan for? And I think, based upon our experiences dealing with other hazards that have caused disruptions, planning needs to be measured in weeks, particularly if there is damage to infrastructure. And again, with cyber, we have seen restoration potentially very quickly if there is not physical damage. But if you do have damage to things like very large transformers or generator capacity, that will extend it.    We do know that it is important that in an initial response, that you provide for safety and security. When lights are out, power is out--we have had major metropolitan areas go through this--you have a flurry of activity with people trapped in elevators, traffic control, and the fact that initial response may mean going out on patrol and looking for problems, rather than waiting for the traditional call to 911, which may or may not be impacted, as you have pointed out before, with denial-of-service attacks.    Your next steps are pretty much, again, as the ranking member points out, all hazards. You have to then provide for the most immediate needs. Hopefully, your critical infrastructure has power and emergency power, you have the fuel supply you need. We have found in many cases communities haven't planned for that. Either they don't have critical equipment on backup power or they don't have adequate fuel supplies--usually only enough fuel to run their weekly or monthly test, but not to operate in a crisis.    Generators are very expensive. And so, in many cases, there are other options, such as putting in transfer switches. The idea is what are the things that are required to keep the community up and running until power can be restored that are lifelines? Water systems, wastewater treatment, communications, your hospitals, and your 911 and other dispatch facilities. Generally, these have emergency power, but it has to be planned for real, not that it just works during the monthly test.    And then, as you have pointed out, Mr. Chairman, the duration now starts driving additional issues. As we saw in New Jersey and New York, the longer you have power disruptions, the more you have cascading effects, from everything to not being able to get to retail stores, grocery stores, others, gasoline distribution. And again, as a community starts to try to recover and get back to normal, these all become challenges.    So, the planning really is based upon safety, keeping your primary life support systems up, focusing on the restoration of the grid, and the reality that your residential areas will probably be last to get power because you are going to try to get your retail sectors and major core centers up first.    The industry has shown a lot of resiliency capabilities of doing those things in physical destructions. And we think that the lessons we have learned there would apply, again, to cyber. But cyber has a lot of unknowns. And I will defer to my experts to my left on what those impacts are, the potential threats, and how likely these are.    But you said how big is big. We actually looked at a natural phenomenon that is actually big, and that would be geomagnetic storms. Because of the way our grid is built, and the vulnerabilities to very large transformers, this administration has already developed a working plan of what we would do in the event of major geomagnetic storms, its impacts on satellites and terrestrial systems.    We are working currently now on the lessons from the previous power outages on the annex to add to the National Response Framework to look at the power outages because of a lot of the unique capabilities the Federal Government brings, but also this has got to be a true working relationship with the utilities. We cannot do this separate. It is a partnership. It has got to involve all levels, because the primary place we regulate power is at the States, through the, you know, utility regulatory operations the--State managed.    That framework this summer will be going to our senior leadership in the agencies to begin that process of concurrence and updating it, but it serves as a framework if something was to happen now, based upon our lessons from Sandy, and going all the way back to previous hurricanes and other disruptions.    But the challenge is, I think, for people to look at planning not for what they do every day, but what would happen if power was out for not just hours but days or weeks. Do they really understand what their capabilities are, and the things they need to do to ensure that their critical lifelines have enough power?    And trust me, sir, I have been through enough hurricanes to find out too many facilities only had enough emergency power to pass whatever requirements were there, but under full load in a crisis they failed. They didn't operate them under loads, they didn't maintain enough fuel in the systems for that. They did not have contracts for firm deliveries when the crisis occurred. So you really need to get people to focus on this, that if you are going to provide emergency power it has got to be for real, and it has got to be able to operate for long periods of time.    And you need to really plan for this from the standpoint of a phased approach, because oftentimes when this starts we don't know how long it is going to be out. So we have immediate response steps, but you also need to start asking the question if power isn't on in 72 hours, what are the next things we have to focus on? If we are out for a week, what are the next things we have to focus on?    But I think the story from industry is also good. We have learned a lot about how to get systems back up. We have learned how to bypass fail systems. And, in many cases, the automation has replaced the man in the middle. And sometimes we have to put people back in and run less efficient systems, but we can get power back.    So I think there is both a good news story, but there is still a lot that we don't know. So against that we are not going to be able to write a plan for everything that can happen. We need to write plans based upon consequences. And again, as we have a better understanding of the duration of impacts, that will help us shape that guidance to State and local officials for dealing with extensive power outages, pretty much irregardless of the cause of it, but really looking at it over the time phase of what would be happening and what the next steps are.    But again, a lot of the lessons have been learned from natural hazards. The question in cyber is how widespread and how many jurisdictions simultaneously will be impacted. That is probably the one difference that a physical specific such as a hurricane or earthquake--we know the geographical area, which cyber--it won't be defined by political or physical boundaries, it would be systemwide. And that is another area that we ask questions about.    But not much dissimilar to the threat from geomagnetic storms. That is a hemispheric risk, and that is probably--when you--outside of a A&P detonation in space, it is probably the largest potential impact to the utilities, and again, a lot of work has been done to minimize those impacts.    So, Mr. Chairman, I stand ready for questions, but I wanted to try to answer your questions in my opening statements.    Mr. Fugate. The first thing----    Mr. Fugate. Mr. Chairman, first challenge, having actually had this happen during accidents where human error causes power outages, we don't know at first how long it is going to be out. And oftentimes you only know that you are having power outages; you are not aware of what is happening outside. Situation awareness will be key, because your initial response will not be any different.    We have had numerous communities go through power outages very substantial that resulted in having to do mass rescues and elevator operations, deal with the traffic control issues, hitting at commuter times with commuter rail being knocked off with electricity. We have seen those. I think most communities that are doing effective planning, those are things that they will be doing almost from the beginning. What is critical--and this goes back to what my partners to the left will be focused on--is this a short-term duration or is it longer.    We faced this in Florida, actually, when I was still in the State. We had power knocked out that was not occurring in any set pattern. It was occurring all over the State simultaneously. We didn't know what was going on. By the time we had situational awareness, the next question was, ``Will this go into the night hours?'' Because if so, the Governor will call out the National Guard to provide additional law enforcement support.    And so, again, you start focusing on those immediate things of life safety. Also safety in your communities, because when you lose power and you start seeing those disruptions, you have to provide a much more visible form of policing and give people a sense of safety in their communities. That is going to require more manpower, more people on the streets. You start looking at my generators are now running, what systems will need refueling next? Is it going to be the next 72 hours?    And this is something I think is important. I learned this the hard way. A lot of communities do not plan for refueling in a crisis. And there are certain contractual things you have to have to make sure you get deliveries, and those deliveries to suppliers may not be local. Again, if you are talking 10 million people, we were shipping fuel as far away as Philadelphia back into New Jersey and New York to provide gas. We found all kinds of regulatory challenges.    But again, you start going, ``OK, my first step is pretty much my emergency response. My next step is the next 72 hours. Which of my critical facilities will start running out of fuel or are having generator problems?'' This is--by this time we would hopefully have assessed this is a much larger event than local. We start looking at mobilizing resources from the outside, generators, fuel, other things to keep those on.    It is key to keep the water systems and wastewater running. Electricity has got a lot of problems, but water and wastewater are almost impossible to make up the differences in dense populations. There is not really a good way to manage that if those systems go offline for extensive periods of time. And so you continue to escalate.    Once you get to past my 72 hours--and I am starting to talk my first week--now you start really looking at what does the retail sector supply chain look like. Florida learned this hard lesson, that many of our gas stations, grocery stores, and even pharmacies now have emergency power, they have transfer switches because, as we were dealing with power outages measured in weeks, literally, from hurricanes--and some of our duration of outages actually went to almost a month--we found that retail was doing a lot of things that we had to start supporting because they were bringing in generators, they were getting themselves back open.    But we weren't doing it as a partnership, we actually found ourselves competing with them. So you really want to plan this. And I think most communities, that initial response, if they have got good plans, they have done this, or they are prepared to do it. It is once you get past 72 hours that I think that they really need to start thinking through their plans. Where are they going to get fuel? What kind of things do they have to keep up? And then where will be the next points?    As we saw with New Jersey and New York, initially it was the rescues and the trapped people and stuff like that. A lot of people evacuated. But then it became the fuel, it became pharmacies, grocery stores. And so you started seeing cascading effects. And again, those are the things I think that, once you are past 72 hours, you need to start planning out, OK, I am out for 1 week, I am out for 2 weeks, I am out for 3 weeks. How much of my core am I bringing up?    Again, the utilities aren't waiting. They are not going to be nothing happening for a month. But you are not going to get power back to everybody, and you are not going to get power back particularly to a lot of your residential areas. So can you get enough life support back up and running where people that still don't have power can get the essentials? It won't be easy, it will be difficult.    But the thing here now is to continue to trade off. Where can I make activities to buy more time to keep my population stable? Evacuations, maybe self-evacuating. Where people have that option, they will. But you won't see large numbers, because it is unlikely in widespread outages there is going to be places to go to.    So again, it becomes this time of stabilization, continue to look at the down-range impacts, what we are able to bring up, where we prioritize that. But the reality is that almost all these scenarios, including the cyber as well as the physical, residential areas are probably going to be the last ones to get that power. So can you get enough life support and infrastructure going to keep the major supply lines up? And you are not going to have everything. You are not going to have what the normal consumption rates are. You may have to do what Governor Christie did and go with rationing of gasoline to start normalizing what is available versus demand signals.    But this means you have to plan out not just the power went out, but now what are the impacts of that as you go through--and then, hopefully, this is what our partners are working on, is to give you better information about how much time are we talking about before key systems come up. When will we get the final power turned back on? Because in the absence of information, I think that generates its own problems. If we know that it is going to be out for 3 weeks, we can plan. People are more resilient than we give them credit for. But the lack of information, that in itself becomes a challenge.    So I ran over my time, Mr. Chairman, but I was trying to----    Mr. Fugate. Not much different than what we have faced in other significant outages. We have a variety of tools.    First of all, within the emergency alert system, the radio stations, TV stations, many of the--that have emergency power, TV stations partner with radio stations. We can get signals. And in addition, if we lose a--and this will be something that we will be looking at in Oregon during the Cascadia--it is not uncommon that you are going to lose radio and TV stations in the area of impact.    But we work with the FCC for the nonimpacted stations to increase power to get signal back in. That is why we continue to encourage people, have that battery-operated radio. That is why we encourage the idea of FM chips in cell phones, because we can get signals in from the outside, but people need to receive it to get the information.    But part of this is going to be where the information is coming from. We are going to be working through the Governor's office because Governors and their teams are going to be the best information at the local level. Our job, really, on the Federal side is to provide the backup and tools required. And we are prepared to work with the FCC and broadcasters to get signal from the outside. In addition, we have gone as far--and we did this in the Sandy response--bring in satellite communications and set up WiFi in some of the areas that have lost some of the cellular communications.    But we have another backup, and, self-disclosure, I am an amateur radio operator. But I think sometimes the more we look at the complexity of our risk, we forget that we have some very resilient systems that aren't part of Government, but they oftentimes are the last thing running when everything else has failed. So we look from everything from our systems and satellite technology, working with nonimpacted stations how to broadcast in, amateur radios are all part of that.    But it is important that people take the steps to be able to get the information when we can get the signal in, and that is why it may seem very passe in an area of streaming everything that a battery-powered radio may be that lifeline of communication link to get information, because we have seen, even in large-scale--like Katrina--stations outside the area get broadcast in, but you had to have a way to receive the information.    Mr. Fugate. Yes, sir. Part of the charge you gave us and the FCC was to develop wireless emergency alerts, which, working with the carriers, we actually implemented faster than we thought. So right now, every cell phone being manufactured today is required to be able to transmit a wireless emergency alert, part of the emergency alert system. Tsunami warnings are built into those.    So, if there is a triggering event, the originator for that will be the National Weather Service tsunami warning centers. In the case of Oregon it is going to be the Alaska Warning Center. It would go out. It is geocoded to the areas of impact, so those counties and communities at risk would get those notifications over your cell phones. You cannot--you don't have to opt in, you don't have to sign up. The only thing you can do with a cell phone is turn it off and not get the alerts. So, unless you have done that, a tsunami warning would be issued, it would be transmitted upon that point and go out.    I think you do point out, though, one of the challenges, which is why we work very closely at the local levels. It is hard to get the magnitude of the tsunami, so the evacuation zones pretty much have to be what is the maximum risk, we got to move now. A phased approach, we generally don't have time, particularly with Cascadia. It is too close to the coast. And that is why we tell people, ``even before you get the warning, if you feel shaking you got to move to higher ground,'' because even with a warning you only have minutes to move.    But the cell phone system now, as soon as the Weather Service issues the warning, it will get transmitted to those areas. We have actually seen this occur already. But it has answered this question of what will wake people up in the middle of the night. And your cell phone buzzing and humming and making strange noises was the whole purpose of the wireless emergency alert system.    Mr. Fugate. It started--I believe it is--I would have to look at the exact date, but it has been about the last--2010, 2011.    Mr. Fugate. That all new handsets--Apple, the iOS, was the last of the handsets to incorporate this in. And so pretty much all the new handsets now have this. And, as we see the replacement cycle of cell phones, we have actually now--third, fourth, fifth replacement cycles. So we are getting good penetration now with those systems.    Mr. Fugate. Yes, sir.    Mr. Fugate. To be honest, Congressman, we really depend upon our partners and DHS that do that. We are not the subject matter experts. We determine for our infrastructure protection what that means and what those impacts are.    Having come from the State of Florida, I will tell you that, as we have seen these types of changes, we have seen dependency move from coal fire to natural gas to peaker units. So we had to start planning for what happens there. I actually was in probably a unique experience of having a natural gas pipeline sever due to lightning strike. Knocked out all the natural gas to the southern and middle parts of the State. And we suddenly realized that we had a tremendous dependency on natural gas peaker units, and we were fortunate that we had mild weather. Otherwise, we would have had generator capacity shortfalls that would not be made up. So we----    Mr. Fugate . Partners for the information----    Mr. Fugate. I would depend upon my partners to the left. We look at energy as a function of Government, because, as you point out, there are numerous parts of the regulatory and response structure. So we concentrate onto function----    Mr. Fugate. We have come a long ways, we haven't gone far enough. And I think, Congressman, you point out what I see is the real challenge, and which cyber highlights. The tendency is to plan for what we are used to dealing with, not for what could happen.    And so, again, as you point out, we put a fence around a generator in a flood zone. Well, the reason you have a generator is the power goes out, one of the likely causes for power outages would be a coastal storm. But you hadn't had one in a long time, so you were more concerned about somebody breaking in and damaging the transformer. And that is the trap we fall into.    And I think this is what the chairman is raising. Cyber is new. A lot of things we are going to do won't be new in response to the consequences, but if we don't know what we are planning against, we may run the risk of only planning for what we have been used to having, maybe short-term power outages, maybe disruptions that are strictly local, and not plan for what could happen and plan against it.    And unfortunately, as you point out, we try to promote these lessons, but it seems to, again, be one of our challenges. How do you get people to change? Let's talk about gas stations. That is a private entity. Putting in a generator is a cost. Most people say, ``well, you could just ship a generator there.'' Doesn't work that well, because most of those utilities were underground and it was hard to get a generator hooked up to it.    So in some States that have dealt with this they have put in incentives that gas stations would be required through regulation to put in a transfer switch. It was a good compromise. That way, if they did lose power for long periods of time, we could get generators in there, hook it up, and pump gas.    But this is where we got to be very careful. It is easy to say, ``this is the fix'' until you ask who is paying for it. And I think this is the tradeoff of what would make sense, either through incentives, tax credits, regulatory oversight, to get these changes, because I can't ask a business to lose money if their other partners or competitors aren't doing the same thing.    And at the same time, you know, the response was, ``you got to put a generator in every gas station.'' That is also not necessarily a great idea, either. But putting in a transfer switch was a good compromise.    So again, I think, as we learn these lessons we go back to this trap of we plan for what we have experienced in the past, and that does not always scale up for the future impacts. We have got the lessons learned, we are putting the information out there. But the receptiveness of that audience is oftentimes based upon do they perceive this threat as applying to them.    And, as you know for your community, we talk about hurricanes and hurricane evacuations, and most people said, ``we don't have hurricanes, we have northeasters.'' So it is getting people planning. In many cases we know what these impacts are, but it is really the challenge of getting people to plan for what can happen, not what they are prepared to do based upon only their past experiences.    As the chairman points out, we have not had a lot of experience with cyber. So part of this, again, is getting--what are we planning against, and then what will we do differently. And if that requires resources, where are those resources coming from?    Mr. Fugate. It does. And our experience is, coming out of Hurricane Katrina, 5 years after that we still had over 5,000 families living in travel trailers because we didn't have the right answers.    So, rebuilding after disaster is, again, very time consuming. There's a lot of hurdles to go through. And I agree, it is ideal to get people back in their homes as quickly as possible. But that requires a lot of things that go beyond even some of my programs. It is really, as you point out, State and locals and----    Mr. Fugate. I wouldn't originate most of the data, but I would be there. Most of the origination of the classified information would actually come from my partners to the left.