    Mr. Cline. Chairman and committee members, thank you for the invitation to come here today and testify about H.R. 3881. My name is Mark Cline, and I am the President of the Pennsylvania Independent Petroleum Producers, and a member of the Pennsylvania Conventional Oil and Gas Advisory Committee.    As you are all aware, the National Forest System was designed to manage the natural resources, recreation, grazing, wildlife, fish, and more. The Allegheny National Forest is unique with its vast oil and gas minerals lying beneath it and 93 percent of those rights belonging to private citizens. There were wells already drilled on the property before the Forest Service took over.    At the present time, there are approximately 12,000 oil and gas wells in the Allegheny National Forest. The industry figures around half of those 12,000 wells were hydraulically fracked. A recent study concluded that, despite the long history of conventional well development in the region, the ANF's streams, trees, and other natural resources have prospered. The study states, ``Despite the tens of thousands of conventional oil and gas wells in operation in the region, a full 72 percent of the 2,126 miles of mapped streams in the ANF are rated as high value or exceptional value for water quality.''    The first Chief of the Forest Service, Gifford Pinchot, said, and I quote, ``National Forest land is managed to provide the greatest amount of good for the greatest amount of people in the long run.''    Now, you are probably thinking that only oil and gas operators are the ones benefiting from the use of the minerals under the forest. That thought is completely wrong. The story from Northwestern Pennsylvania is our Penn Grade Crude Oil, which, by the way, is the best lubricating oil in the world, played a huge part in both World Wars.    It was used exclusively in the engines that ran the trucks and equipment in the first war. The second war, it played a much bigger part as airplanes became so important. They say if you would ask an Army/Air Force mechanic from World War II, he would tell you they only used oil from Pennsylvania. It helped the planes fly more missions without having engine problems. It was used by the Army in their trucks and tanks which supported the soldiers. The same can be said about the Korea and Vietnam Wars. Fifteen to twenty percent of that oil came directly from the Allegheny National Forest. I think Gifford Pinchot would say that the oil was used for the greatest amount of good for the greatest amount of people.    People still benefit every day from the oil and gas. Natural gas is used for heating homes, buildings, hospitals, and schools. It is used to generate electricity. It fuels vehicles, heats water, bakes food, powers industrial furnaces, and even powers air conditioners. Our paraffin-based crude oil is turned into over 6,000 different products. Without crude oil, this country would come to a complete standstill. From the time you wake up in the morning from the sound of your alarm clock, take a shower, eat breakfast, and get into your car, you have already used over 40 products made from crude oil. So don't you ever think or let someone tell you that we are the only ones benefiting from the minerals under the ANF.    The industry has spent vast amounts of money defending our rights to produce in the ANF. These rights were given to us years ago and have been upheld by the courts. This bill would protect those rights. Please vote to approve this bill.    Thank you for your time and the opportunity to be here today.    Mr. Cline. If they put a ban on fracking, I read a study the other day that in 5 years we would go through 45 percent of our reserves. And if this would have happened back in the 1980s, and the shale gas would have never taken off, we would not have a whole lot of gas in this country right now, and the price would be sky high.    Mr. Cline. Yes, I would agree with what he says. The uncertainty of Federal regulations, along with what we are going through with the state, it makes everybody cautious about doing anything, going ahead in the future. It makes you wonder whether we are going to be in business much longer if we have any more regulations.    They are killing the business, and it has had a great effect around Bradford. Anywhere in Northwestern Pennsylvania--out of the 26,000 people that are employed directly by conventional oil and gas, I would say there are probably only about 6,000 of them working right now. Everybody is laid off or companies are going bankrupt.    Mr. Cline. I don't know the exact figure, just what Mr. Mayer threw out, about $4 million.    Mr. Cline. Yes, I would agree with that.    Mr. Cline. Just that being a private business owner--most of us know that any time a government agency or a state agency--they are always trying to over-reach their authority any way that they can do something to force it on you.    Mr. Cline. Yes.    Mr. Cline. I agree with what he says.