    Mr. Wheeler. I am tempted to make some comment about being national champion of appearances before, but I wouldn't want----    Mr. Wheeler. I wouldn't want to go down that route. But in the 10 weeks--in all seriousness, in the 10 weeks since I was last before this Committee, there has been a lot happening, and I look forward to discussing it with you today. We have made significant progress to begin the incentive auction on March 29, 8 months from tomorrow, so there is a lot of pressure on here. We have continued to grapple with the tech transitions issues that were raised by the movement from analog to IP networks. And we have approved one merger, with conditions. Another was withdrawn, and a new one was added. And then, of course, on top of that, the Appeals Court denied the request for a stay for the open Internet rules.    But one issue which, frankly, caught me by surprise was that which was raised by a letter signed by every member of this subcommittee having to do with local number portability, and I wanted to report directly to you on that. Our rules require that local number portability be ubiquitous, but it looks as though the manner in which the industry has set up the system does not fulfill that requirement, and I appreciate this committee bringing this to our attention. Implementation of the rule apparently requires that a mobile carrier have a presence in the home market of the ported phone number before the transition can occur. And this is something, of course, that is not possible for smaller regional carriers.    So the effect of this is that if I were to move from Washington to a market served by a carrier not in Washington, and to choose that carrier in a competitive choice process, I couldn't port my number. That is contrary to our rules, and I have asked that it be fixed. Yesterday I wrote the four major carriers, as well as their trade associations, asking that they identify a solution and report back within 60 days. I believe the carriers are in the best position to fix this, and I look forward to their response. But I do want to say to this Committee, after raising this issue in unanimity, that if this approach doesn't fix it with dispatch, we will have to find other approaches that do. But I really appreciate the way that this Committee called that to our attention, because we had not seen that previously.    On another matter frequently raised by the Committee, I am pleased to report that the FCC has completed an exchange of letters with the Telecommunications Agency of Mexico, IFT, to harmonize TV and wireless spectrum on both sides of the border. Mexico is in the midst of its DTV transition, and we, as you know, are heading into an incentive auction and relocation of broadcast and mobile licenses. Where on the spectrum Mexico places its DTV licenses could, therefore, affect us, and our U.S. licenses, and where we place our licenses could affect them. But thanks to the hard work of the International Bureau and the Spectrum Auction Task Force, and the good faith negotiations of the Mexican IFT, this major hurdle has been vaulted. And I want to especially thank my counterpart in Mexico, Chairman Contreras Saldivar, and his Commissioners, for their leadership on this matter. To the North, we have been making similarly productive progress with our friends the Canadians. I believe that once we have a decision next week on incentive auction procedures that we will be able to conclude that coordination as well.    And finally, we have had frequent discussions with this Committee about the open Internet rule. Now that the D.C. Circuit has put it on an expedited track for judicial review, we are only 6 months or so away from that ruling, which I know we all have been waiting for. So thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member. I look forward to discussing these, and any other issues you may want to raise.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and we share your interest in making sure that this voice continues. As you know, the spectrum legislation does not create a re-packing role, a role in re-packing, for translators. So the question becomes, what do you do about it? So here is what we are going to do. One, there are channels--we are going to help them find channels, if they get displaced as a part of the auction.    Mr. Wheeler. One of the things that is the reality of an auction is you don't really know where the displacement is going to happen, because you don't know the outcome of the auction. So step one is we will work through that. Step two is that we are going to begin a rulemaking that will allow for channel sharing by LPTV stations. Just as we are counting on channel sharing----    Mr. Wheeler . In the broadcast auction. And that kind of technology should provide the similar kind of solution. And thirdly, the rule is constructed in such a way that they don't have to vacate until the wireless carrier, in fact, is ready to turn off service. So there is a significant buffer of time in there. But we believe that, as we help them find new channels, and as we have a new rule that allows for channel sharing, that that will be able to mitigate the kind of impact that you are concerned about.    Mr. Wheeler. I am----    Mr. Wheeler. Let me get back to you on----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes. We are laying out a whole process that will help them through this process in finding those kind of new channels.    Mr. Wheeler. No, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. No, sir. The enforcement staff is now--I can give you the exact statistic--20 percent smaller than it was under Chairman Martin, and that, since I have come into office, we have reduced the front office staff by 14 percent.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I went to Anchorage--I have been trying to visit----    Mr. Wheeler . The offices. We have a policy that says you have to have two employees in each vehicle--one that is driving, and one that is working the equipment. It is like texting and driving. We have two people in the Anchorage office, and we have two vehicles.    Mr. Wheeler. That----    Mr. Wheeler. This was one of the problems that we inherited when we walked into the door, that there had been this purchasing. So what we're trying to do now is reposition those vehicles----    Mr. Wheeler . So they will be available for the strike teams when they come in.    Mr. Wheeler. And I have got a----    Mr. Wheeler . Fitbit to try to----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Ms. Eshoo. Let me see if I can hit those one, two, three.    What we have tried to do is to make sure that there is reserve spectrum available. It has never before been done. As Mr. Welch and others have pointed out, it is an important component of delivering service to rural areas. The question then becomes, after you do that, do you want to create rules that allow people to withdraw from the auction early, and not have to pay as much as if an auction had been ongoing? And that is what is being requested. That is not what is currently in our proposal. We don't think that there should be a quick out, I have got what I want, let me stop the bidding right now for reserve spectrum.    Secondly, we have changed, from 180 meters to 380 meters, the distance that an unlicensed device would be allowed close to these facilities that are using channel 37. That number was arrived at as a result of some studies that were done by the medical telemetry folks, and so that is why that number was increased.    There is a failsafe in here, however, and that is, as you know, that all unlicensed spectrum has to go through a coordination process that involves a database, where you----    Mr. Wheeler . Get permission to use it, if you go by--knowing that there is nobody there. If that 380 meters is insufficient in a particular area because of some rare equipment they have got that database can be adjusted to say, ``no, you can't do it here.'' So I think that what we have done, in regard to medical equipment, is two-fold. One, to expand the absolute blackout area, and two, then to have in there a flexible system that will reflect what reality is and shut down if there is a situation that would cause interference.    In regard to your third question, regarding TV blackouts and good faith negotiations, we intend to have an NPRM out by September the 4th, as this Committee has told us to do, on that topic, and to be discussing exactly what are the full set of issues that should be involved in good faith.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. First off, Mrs. Blackburn, I would like to identify with exactly what you are talking about.    Mr. Wheeler. We share the same goals.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, this is--we could be----    Mr. Wheeler . Violent agreement as well.    Mr. Wheeler. You know, I----    Mr. Wheeler. When I was President of CTIA, I happened to be the guy that negotiated the first deal with the government to repurpose Defense Department spectrum. Here is what I found, as a way of answering your question about squatting. The Corps of Engineers, for instance, said they were fully utilizing a piece of spectrum because once a month it took a reading on a dam level.    Mr. Wheeler. I don't think that is fully utilizing. So the question we have to work through is how do you encourage Federal agencies, and all users, to think in terms of what is full application? So the answer to your question is we know who uses what spectrum. The specific use inside that spectrum, however----    Mr. Wheeler . Is something that the licensee controls.    Mr. Wheeler. So we are working with the industry on that, Mr. Pallone. It is essential that a tower be able to stand up. I think we probably also have to address the backup power issue because if you don't--if the tower is standing, but there is no juice to it, so it is not worth anything, so these all fit together into a total package. And I would be happy to do a more detailed response on that, if you would like.    Mr. Wheeler. I think that we have tightened up the rules substantially, and would be happy to discuss the specific ways in which we have done that. I have got to be real careful at how I talk about this, because it is a pending proceeding, but if you look at what is currently on the record with regard to the DEs and their relationship with Dish in the AWS-3 auction, we used a totality of circumstances test that had never been applied before to say, we don't think that that is a good idea, at a staff level. That is coming to the Commission, so, again, I have to rule on that, so I won't go any further.    The fact of the matter is that we then took that totality of the circumstances and put it into the DE rules in this re-write that we just did. So I think that we have shown that there is a total picture you have to look at, one, and two, that we have whatever it takes to step up and blow the whistle and say, ``that is not right.''    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Barton, and I would like to associate myself with this position that you have taken. Low power is an important voice in the community, and translators as well. I set up a special meeting with low power operators out at the NAB last year, at their big convention, to make sure that I was hearing from them, and we were talking about it. I think that there are multiple things that we can do inside the statutory constraint that you referenced. One is that we will help them find new channels after the moving of the--firstly, we don't know which low powers are going to be affected, because we don't know what is----    Mr. Wheeler . Going to happen in the auction. We don't know what is going to be available for them to move, so we don't know what is going to happen there. So we all have to kind of sit in limbo, and watch for that. But then, even beyond that, we are going to begin a rulemaking from which we will allow low power and translators to share a channel, just like we are allowing licensees--broadcast licensees, full power licensees, to share a channel. That will take advantage of the benefits of digital, and create another path.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, I think that you and Mr. Guthrie have pointed a way towards that by providing some Congressional oversight and encouragement in the process. As Mrs. Blackburn indicated, clearly the FCC has a role to say, ``OK, where are the current allocations?'' But it then goes to the Executive Branch to determine the allocation within----    Mr. Wheeler . Specific executive agencies, and to answer those questions. I would look forward to working with--and we do have a good working relationship with NTIA and--to try and address these issues. I think that this is something that both NTIA and the FCC can work together on.    But I also need to be really candid and say that the kind of leadership that you and Mr. Guthrie are showing, that this Committee has shown, in keeping the spotlight on, and keeping the pressure on, is essential to paying attention to things downtown.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, thank you, Congresswoman. The challenge of the incentive auction is like a very complex crossword puzzle, except for the fact that there is no picture on the front of the box, OK?    Mr. Wheeler. And so what we have been trying to do is to make sure that, of all the parties that are interested, that they can walk away with a solution. It may not be what they have come in and asked for. And as a person who used to also go in and ask the FCC to do things my way on spectrum auctions, I know it doesn't always have to be that way, but you need to make sure that, for instance, as Ms. Eshoo and I discussed for medical devices, that you have an answer there, that you have an answer for wireless mics, that you have an answer for unlicensed spectrum. And all of these have to balance out. And I believe that the item that we are bringing forward contains that kind of balance. Would I like to tweak it here or tweak it there, certainly, but you push here, and something----    Mr. Wheeler . Busts over here. And so I think that the spectrum auction team, headed by Gary Epstein and Howard Symons, have done an excellent job in wading through all of this.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. I hope that we will have a rulemaking to follow up on the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking as soon as comments are closed, and we can sift through them and move forward. Let me address an issue that Commissioner Pai was dealing with a moment ago. Broadband is the information pathway----    Mr. Wheeler . Of the 21st century, and to deny access to that is to deny access to the 21st century.    Mr. Wheeler. I think we need to have policies that make sure that everyone in America has access to that essential pathway of the 21st century.    Mr. Wheeler. So I agree that there is a technological challenge that we have to make sure that we deal with, and I believe that we have a belt and suspenders approach to that. The belt is to say that 380 meters from such a site is a no-go zone, which is essentially tripling of where we were before in response to what the WMTS folks have said, and some of the trials they have run up in Minnesota.    But the suspenders are also that the coordination database, that must be used for unlicensed purposes, gets information fed into it if there is a problem in Northern Ohio or a particular area, and that then becomes a no-fly zone. And so what we have put in place is hard rock, and flexibility, that is going to deliver the kind of security that I think that both you and we are looking for.    Mr. Wheeler. So they have just submitted to us additional information from these field tests, and it was based upon that that we altered what our proposal is. This is not an issue that hasn't been dealt with since you passed the Spectrum Act. This is something that has been going on for multiple years. Their tests were really helpful in that regard. That is why we tried to make sure that we harmonize with the kinds of things that they discovered in those tests, and provide the flexibility to move in and do something if, in fact, there is an aberration.    This kind of goes to Mrs. Blackburn's point about sharing. This is the whole reality about sharing, that we want to create a structure that says that you can deal with the aberrations. And this Committee told us in statute to do that, and that was a wise decision on your part, and we are following through on that.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Doyle. I don't know the specific date. We will announce a specific date. I can't free form it here, but obviously there have been multiple challenges with special access that start with a collection of data that was thwarted for years, and we were finally able to begin collecting that data. Insofar as--we will make sure that data is on the record, and on the record in a timely manner. And I share your interest in wanting to make sure that we have an opportunity to address the special access question, but it needs to be fact-based.    Mr. Wheeler. Sir, I hope it is while I am Chairman, and that that is a shorter period than your lifetime.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, let me be sure which trigger you are talking about. Are you triggering the assignment round issue?    Mr. Wheeler. The reserve? So the question then becomes, ``are you going to cut back on the amount of bidding that goes on for reserve spectrum?'' And we have taken the position that you should not. That, first of all, the reserve has been created. That in itself is a huge step, that there are a lot of people on this Committee, and on the Commission, disagree with.    Then the question becomes, ``do you want the auction to function through the whole process, or do you want to truncate it for a quicker trigger for this spectrum, while the other spectrum auction keeps going?'' And it seems to me that what that ends up doing is reducing participation in the auction. It probably reduces the prices people will pay, because it means that, here in the reserve you stop, while the bidding keeps going on up here in the unreserved. And I think an auction is something that proceeds to a conclusion, not an auction that gets terminated to favor one party or another. So the establishment of the reserve is a huge point. I think what we should not be doing is picking winners and losers inside that reserve.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir, we both----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Right.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. Yes, and you put your finger on--it is the intermediate carrier, and it is the failure on the part of the major carriers to police their subcontractors, if you will. So we have done several things. First of all, there used to be a game that got played where they would give a false ring to pretend the call was being completed, when it really wasn't. We have got a rule in place saying that is out of business.    Secondly is that we have been enforcing this. Within the last few weeks we fined Verizon $2 million, and required them to do $3 million of additional improvements to stop this, because in 26 rural areas they weren't paying attention to this, which is the heart of the problem. It is this going to what you call the intermediate carriers that they need to be paying attention to.    And thirdly is that we have a data survey out there right now to try and identify exactly what the extent and other causes might be so that we can take additional action, if warranted. But yes, sir, we understand that the call completion is a serious issue, and we want to be all over it.    Mr. Wheeler. You are going to hear about it.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. For some kinds of issues, such as Lifeline, there is a schedule. For others it is, again, a totality of the circumstances kind of a situation, where you make a judgment call.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman, because Commissioner Pai and I share the belief that he has been talking about here, insofar as the dichotomy between narrow band and broadband, and that needs to be fixed. I think I go a little further in my approach than Commissioner Pai does. I have developed what I have now started calling the Walden Rule, because----    Mr. Wheeler. Because I read the other day that you said, Mr. Chairman, ``that USF should spend money where no one else will spend''. And that is a core principle. And as this Committee has been telling us so often, you need to review what our rules are.    Mr. Wheeler. The fact that we are spending money to subsidize the telephone company around Disney World, just because we always have, doesn't make a lot of sense. We just had a man in Hawaii go to jail for tax fraud. He is a recipient of rural universal service funds, and it ended up that he was charging his family's education expenses to universal service, and people were having to pay for it. We ought to have some standards for what is in OPEX. We ought to have some standards for what is in CAPEX.    I was just asked the other day to approve a waiver for a universal service trial to a company that could not produce audited financial statements. That is wrong. This isn't my money. This is the people's money. We need to get it out. That is why Commissioner O'Reilly, Commissioner Clyburn, and I are working together on a bipartisan package of reforms for how we are going to deal with making sure that rate of return carriers have what Commissioner Pai I think has called a two track solution, and that is that we have a model that deals with the new broadband realities, and then we have a review of what the standards ought to be for the old system.    Mr. Wheeler. And we are moving down that path.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Welch. The----    Mr. Wheeler. We are going to have a rulemaking on Lifeline hopefully before the year is out. It depends on the comments and everything that we receive. And it begins with overhaul. There are two problems with Lifeline. One, it was designed wrong; and two, it was overseen wrong. Other than that, everything is fine. But it was designed wrong.    I must say, this was put in place by a previous administration, which we have inherited. It is ridiculous to have the people who are benefiting from the receipt of the funds be those certifying that the folks--get them to the right folks. It is ridiculous that you not require those people who are receiving the funds to keep records. On the administration side, it is ridiculous that you not have a database for duplicates. So what we have done, since we came in, 25 percent reduction on expenditures on Lifeline. 20 million people who were inappropriately on it are no longer on it. And $100 million in penalties.    So we have done what we can to fix the oversight. What this rulemaking is going to do is continue that, and fix the underlying rule problems.    Mr. Wheeler. So----    Mr. Wheeler. Go ahead, no.    Mr. Wheeler. The duplication database is working quite well. Insofar as the eligibility database, the issue is our ability to get access to data held by state agencies, and we are in the process of working our way through that.    Mr. Wheeler. I agree.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Mr. Lance. Several things. First of all, let me just go down Commissioner Pai's list. Exemptions, we wanted to make sure that there were opportunities if your doctor, or a hospital, needs to do something because of a medical emergency, or your bank needs to contact you because of fraud, or something like that, that there should be those kinds of exemptions, and they are not big loopholes.    Secondly, you get to make one mistake, and discover that the Lance phone has been transferred. You don't have to do this three, four, or hundreds of times, as some people have. You can say, ``excuse me, this is not the number,'' and just provide notification.    Thirdly, it was the Congress that created the private right of action, and that is something that is a decision that is out of our hands. But to your key point about the safe harbor and the carrier solution, specifically we address that, because the carriers were saying to us, ``we are afraid to offer blocking services, because you might charge us with blocking calls, doing just that,'' which would be a violation of our rules. And so we amended the rules to say, ``no, that is not a violation.''    And we now have a workshop coming up where we are bringing the carriers, and other affected parties, in to sit down to say, ``OK, exactly how do you do it?'' Because how you handle a VOIP call is different from how you handle a TDM call. And how do you put those in place? We have said to the carriers, ``our rules now specifically allow you to block calls where you are requested by consumers. Please do.''    Mr. Wheeler. You are not encouraging folks not to not black calls? Are we together on the fact that, yes, we want them to be blocking calls?    Mr. Wheeler. I don't want to send mixed messages--say, no, we can't do it because there is----    Mr. Wheeler. That is right.    Mr. Wheeler. That is right.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. There are something like 114 different carriers in Iowa. You represent the poster child of the rural challenge for rate of return carriers. And it is outrageous that if you live in rural America you are 30 times more likely not to be able to get broadband as if you live in an urban area.    So there are two components. One is dealing with things through the price cap carriers. And we recently released what will be $10 billion over 6 years to seven carriers to build their facilities. I love seeing the headlines that pop up across the country that we get in our report that so-and-so carrier announces they are going to spend $27 million to bring broadband to this area, as a result of our funds.    Then we go to the rate of return carriers. The challenge with rate of return carrier, and how we deal with it, is that the program has been in place for so long, and the circumstances have changed over that period. Now, as I say, I agree strongly with Commissioner Pai that this bifurcation between narrow band and broadband doesn't make any sense, but we have got to do better than just slapping that Band-Aid on. We have to be saying, ``how do we make sure that we can bring this whole program forward?''    So we sat down with the rural carriers to say, ``how can we do that?'' And to try and reach a consensus, because there are a couple of rural carrier associations who don't agree with themselves, as you know, how do you do that? It is encouraging. Everybody has agreed on this two prong process that I laid out a minute ago. And I am optimistic that Commissioner O'Reilly, and Commissioner Clyburn, and myself, who are all working together with the rural carriers to come up with a package proposal, will be able to get this done, and that we will be able to live up to the commitment that we made over in the other body to have it done by the end of the year.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir, and I would like to identify with what you and Congresswoman Matsui are doing. And, if we get a chance, I would like to also respond to your first question as well.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you very much, Ms. Clarke. The media report that I had promised to the Committee by the middle of next year will include a topic on diversity. It has, frankly, been an issue that has caught up previous reports. I think that there are a couple of things we can take up. There is a substantial increase in the number of broadcast licensees since I became Chairman, minority broadcast licensees in large part, because of what we did on the JSA rules. Those rules were being used to keep opportunity away from minority entrepreneurs and I am proud of that effort.    Secondly I think we all have to recognize, as a point that Mr. Latta was raising previously, the importance of how the television business is changing, and the opportunity that is reflected by over the top providers. There has been a difference up here on whether we ought to do what this Committee did for direct broadcast satellite for over the top. And that is to say that you can't hold content back. You can't have various leverage points, because I think over the top programming creates incredible new opportunities for minorities.    And lastly, we have been talking a lot about the designated entity rules and the wireless auction. I feel strongly that what this Congress asked us to do was to create opportunities for minorities, women, and rural individuals to participate in wireless. That is what we did in the DE rules. The suggestions that have been made by my colleagues on the Republican side actually would have limited the ability for real live DEs, rather than hypothetical DEs, to participate.    Mr. Wheeler. Were you addressing that to him? So I think that we need to make sure that--again, the JSA rule was very helpful in that regard, and has performed as expected. We have made it clear that when broadcast licensees come in for transfers, and they are complying with the rule which says that they can't now have control of multiple licensees in a market, that we will look favorably upon them selling those assets to minority entrepreneurs. And, in fact, that has been successful.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. As you know, the FTC Act, writ large, says that it does not have jurisdiction over common telecommunications carriers--common carriers. And so when we said that ISPs were telecommunications carriers, it triggered that. What your constituents should know, however, is that we work closely with the FTC, their jurisdiction, insofar as its providers. And whatever we do on our privacy proposals, which will be forthcoming in the next few months, we will do our best to harmonize so that there is a common set of concepts that govern privacy.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you very much, Congressman. First of all, the Commission has, for decades, been enforcing privacy under the CPNI rules on telecommunications carriers. So it is not as though we fell into this patch. There is a long history of privacy protection regarding telecommunications carriers.    Insofar as extending our jurisdiction to the edge providers, I have said repeatedly that that is not our intention. I don't know when the specific response to that specific petition will be coming out. I will be happy to get you a date. I don't know what the planning process on it is.    Mr. Rush. I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank you and the Ranking Member for today's hearing. Mr. Chairman, Commissioner Pai, I welcome both of you to today's hearing. So good to see you once again.    Mr. Chairman, I want to lift up one of the most troubling and egregious matters that is under the consideration of the FCC. And I am referring to the prison phone call rates. I understand that FCC is poised to make a ruling on in-state phone rates for prison phone calls. That said, Mr. Chairman, we must stop this immoral practice of avaricious greed and unabashed exploitation of the poor, the very ones least able to afford this phone rate robbery.    Additionally, Mr. Chairman, once and for all we must do away with the practice of site commission kickbacks, and we must cap in-state phone rates. As you know, Mr. Chairman, the prison call industry is a multi-billion dollar business. And if there is any doubt, I want to call your attention to a recent Huffington Post article entitled ``Prisoners Pay Millions to Call Loved Ones Every Year. Now This Company Wants Even More''. And this article referenced how Securus--a company called Securus, the 7th largest company in the prison phone call rate industry, Securus bragged to its investors about its $404.6 million future profits on the backs of the very same poor.    Mr. Chairman, as you know, I have been fighting this issue for over a decade, and it is now time for the FCC to take action, and rein in these predatory practices by capping the rate at five cents per minute, and eliminating all ancillary fees. But more importantly, Mr. Chairman, the FCC must also be a step ahead of these predatory companies that are right now trying to circumvent the laws by offering video phone calls at the same predatory rates that they offer for telephone calls.    Mr. Chairman, my question is, when will the FCC rule on this legalized telephonic terrorism?    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you very much, Mr. Rush. I agree, this is a very serious issue, and people across America owe a huge debt of gratitude to Commissioner Clyburn--this issue that had been sitting on the desk of the FCC for 10 years, since Martha Wright filed her first petition and brought it forward, so that there was a decision about inter-state.    But you know what happens, is that whack-a-mole starts getting played here. OK, we can't do it here, so we will move it over here. Well, next month we have a decision on that, on intra-state, that we are doing next month. The point that you make about video phones is another legitimate point. The reality here is that what we are talking about is a monopoly that is granted to prisons to determine how people communicate. And like any monopoly, it ends up being exploitive. And the people who are hurt by that exploitation are the very people who rely on it. And I can assure you, sir, that Commissioner Clyburn keeps our feet to the fire on this, and that I am fully supportive of her efforts.    Mr. Wheeler. Sure.    Mr. Wheeler. No, I am saying--would we, or----    Mr. Wheeler. I can't answer that question specifically, sir. I will get you the answer----    Mr. Wheeler. Sure.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. I think that is a good point, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. There is a proceeding underway to do that that we started in the last 6 weeks, 8 weeks, somewhere like that. It is designed to make sure that there is parity between telecommunications service and cable service attachment fees.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. I think the people who I keep turning down, saying ``no, I am not going to come talk,'' would probably disagree. My travel is significantly less than other members of the Commission but your point is a well taken point, and that is that decisions get made. There is a travel budget that each Commissioner has, and that is for his or her discretion. There is not----    Mr. Wheeler. By----    Mr. Wheeler. By Commissioner?    Mr. Wheeler. By Commissioner?    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sure.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, the shot clock is aspirational, to begin with, but it is something that we try to manage to. The difficulty in this particular situation was that we were hung up by a court proceeding and a court Decision that itself took as long as the shot clock. And that specifically dealt with the kind of information that we could have on the public record. We had to get through that before we could get through the decision.    Mr. Wheeler. Because of the court Decision. We had----    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. So the reality here is that there is right now, pending before Commissioner Pai and me--have you--yet? I mean, that is not a set up question. I don't know the answer to it.    Mr. Wheeler. On the protective order.    Mr. Wheeler. OK. So we have put out an order to outline how you protect confidential information so that we can be in compliance with the court so that this will not happen again. And the absence of that was what held up this proceedings.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman, and we worked closely with the Justice Department on this, and I don't think that there was a sliver of light between us. The reality----    Mr. Wheeler. The reality----    Mr. Wheeler. Because we have a different test. We have----    Mr. Wheeler. We have a different test. They have an anti-trust test that they face. We have a public interest test that we are supposed to measure by. So we have actually two different standards that we measure to. And what was happening here was that in about 25 percent of AT&T's service area, DirecTV was a competitor to AT&T for video service. And so eliminating that competition, the question became, ``does that create an incentive, then, to eliminate broadband competition as well?''    So what we required was that AT&T expand its broadband coverage, which increased competition for broadband by a significant amount, and created an opportunity for those video providers not to have to go through an increasingly decreasing--increasingly--a decreasing choke point----    Mr. Wheeler . Insofar as----    Mr. Wheeler. Good.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. So that letter, and those particular words which I wrote were not designed to say that this is a low priority, but designed to say that first issue is public safety. Pirate radio has to exist inside that, and I believe that we have been very aggressive. During my Chairmanship, we have had 200 private radio enforcements. In the last year we have had 100 alone. And----    Mr. Wheeler. I don't know the exact number, but I would say maybe not--80 percent of those. And so what we have done is, and Commissioner O'Reilly, when he was meeting with the New York broadcasters, really focused on that, and he helped us focus on that. So we formed an inter-agency task force, to work with the NAB and the New York broadcasters on this issue to make sure----    Mr. Wheeler. That was one--right, that was one of the things that they----    Mr. Wheeler. If that is how you interpret it, I apologize, because that is not what was meant. So the New York office, the Boston office, and the Miami office, which is where pirate radio tends to exist--those three areas. This is a whack-a-mole--I keep using the whack-a-mole today, but this is a whack-a-mole kind of situation----    Mr. Wheeler . Where people keep----    Mr. Wheeler . Moving around. So one of the things I think that I encouraged in that letter is that Congress can also be helpful, because we can go and shut somebody down, and he or she moves to this spot, boom, they are up again.    Mr. Wheeler. And we are just constantly chasing. If Congress could also enact--make it illegal to aid and abet the carrying out of this--and I think that is also what the NAB group has recommended. If we can get at those who are aiding and abetting--because there is a cabal that pulls this off, right? Well, he moved to my apartment over here, you move to this space over here. We didn't know anything about this. And so there is a totality of the package here. I mean, 200 enforcements. We have a task force working on it. We could use some additional authority so we could have some teeth.    Mr. Wheeler. I have heard that----    Mr. Wheeler . Suggestion. I have not----    Mr. Wheeler. I have heard that suggestion. I have not seen that command.    Mr. Wheeler. Did not come from me.    Mr. Wheeler. Great.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you.    Mr. Wheeler. Those are the two right questions.    Mr. Wheeler. I am trying to do that. It is my goal to do it. I expect to do it. A couple of points here. In order to do that, you cannot be wedded to consensus. As you know from your previous term, at some point in time you have got to pull up and shoot.    Mr. Wheeler. Boy, am I trying to get consensus. But if you can't get everybody to agree at some point in time, we will put forward a proposal on that in a timely basis in order to do things by the end of the year. Because, at the root of this, is that we have got to do better for rural consumers, period. And it is not just one simple fix. It is a broader set of fixes. Because I am in violent agreement on the narrow band/broadband issue, but it is not enough.    And then we also have a responsibility to those people who are paying for this every month in their phone bills, to make sure that the money is spent responsibly. And I hope we have consensus. I am working for consensus. But if we can't have consensus, we need to have progress.    Mr. Wheeler. I think Commissioner Pai has identified the key issue, and that is we do need to make sure that we have to live within a budget, and we want to manage things within a budget. You gave us that number. We can't change that number, and we have got to come up with a program that will make it work.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir. Thank you, Congressman, and I hope that we can do significantly better than the speeds that are delivered in the air, and that is what we are doing. I have been in New Mexico multiple times, in tribal areas, and other very remote areas in New Mexico to personally visit and talk to the individuals involved.    I remember a situation that--there was a fiber going down this side of the road, a fiber on an Indian reservation, and over here, about 100 yards away, was a high school, and up here was the library. And they couldn't get a connection from the fiber to the high school because it was cost-prohibitive, and the E-rate Program wasn't paying for that. Now we pay for that, and that is in large part because of these kinds of specific examples that we have seen. We need to make sure this is the case.    We also need to make sure that low income individuals who are, unfortunately, disproportionately represented on tribal areas have access to broadband support to connect them. And that is why we are not only overhauling, but changing the orientation of the lifeline program to go to broadband.    Mr. Luja AE1n. And, Chairman Wheeler, in all these areas--I am going to submit some other questions into the record to flesh these areas out, but, as we do this, I really appreciate the conversation that we have had today, and the focus, and seeing how we can grow the rural family as well, and see how we get more attention there.    The other place that I want to complement both of you, Commissioner Pai, Chairman Wheeler, and get your perspective is on modernizing the FCC. You have embarked on expanding electronic filing and distribution, decreasing backlogs, and improving responsiveness to consumers. Can you both tell me what you are doing to provide greater information to consumers, including transparency and accountability, standardizing forms, digitizing the process, including the submittal of documents?    Mr. Wheeler. Boy, am I glad you asked that question.    Mr. Luja AE1n. And you both support that effort?    Mr. Wheeler. The----    Mr. Luja AE1n. Yes, Commissioner Pai?    Mr. Wheeler. On my first trip to our consumer operation in Gettysburg, I saw in the corner a humongous machine that the staff proudly announced to me could take 17 different forms and put them into one envelope. And I said, ``well, why are we sending out 17 different forms?'' And they said, ``well, because that is the way we do it.'' So you contact the FCC on a robocall issue, and we will send you the form for robocall, as well as the form for loudness on commercials, as well as the form for every other kind of complaint we had. And I said, ``wait a minute, we can do better than this.''    Mr. Luja AE1n. And those forms are required to be sent back.    Mr. Wheeler. And the----    Mr. Luja AE1n. Those forms----    Mr. Wheeler. And I would talk to consumers who would say, ``what am I supposed to do with this? Which form am I supposed to--? So we now have totally updated it and put it on the Web. We just won a prize for being one of the best consumer interface sites on the Web. And most of all, we are then taking that information and putting it back into what should we be doing to help us focus on our priorities.    Mr. Luja AE1n. That is great. Mr. Chairman, if there are other areas that we can work on in this space, I look forward to having those conversations. And if I am able to, because of the length of the line, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to the second round----    Mr. Wheeler. In----    Mr. Wheeler . Reality, probably not, because what we are talking about here are using TV white spaces, and creating these kinds of additional applications for unlicensed in those areas where the duplex gap is not sufficient. And that is going to be a handful of areas that I doubt will be any areas that are the typical LPTV rural kind of area.    Mr. Wheeler. No. We are going to--so it was really clear----    Mr. Wheeler. I think that the mandate from this Committee is clear. The mandate from this Committee is that there is no priority given to LPTV.    Mr. Wheeler. And the Committee also said, however, that we need to be encouraging unlicensed. I don't think that it comes down to that kind of a solution, though, Mr. Chairman, with all due respect. I think that it is possible, and what we are just breaking our tails on, is to be able to accomplish both of these, and I think we will be successful.    Mr. Wheeler. You wrote it.    Mr. Wheeler. This is a really good point that Commissioner Pai has raised, that there is serious concern on. So, first of all, let us remember what we are talking about here--how do we minimize the aggregate impact across the country? And that means that in a handful of markets, it is a percentage that can be in single digits, OK, that there is an issue. He is proposing that you put it in the uplink, put the interference in the uplink. What that does is knock out an entire bay station.    Mr. Wheeler. The impact is much broader.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, we----    Mr. Wheeler. No, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. So the issue that we were trying to deal with in this order was not the hardware, but the impact, because since Congress acted in 1991, the technology has changed. And what Congress's instructions to us were is no contact from auto-dialers without----    Mr. Wheeler . Permission.    Mr. Wheeler. I am taking that----    Mr. Wheeler. Correct.    Mr. Wheeler. No, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. Unless the consumer has asked to get this. The statute is very explicit.    Mr. Wheeler. All I am doing is----    Mr. Wheeler . The statute. No, sir. That is right.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wheeler. So understand what we were doing, Mr. Chairman, was responding to a series of petitions. We did not issue a rule. People petitioned us and said, ``what is the rule?''--what does your----    Mr. Wheeler. And if somebody wants to petition us on the kinds of things you talk about, we can deal with that.    Mr. Wheeler. On the health care issue one, we specifically had an exemption for bank fraud, health care, things like this. And for government agencies.    Mr. Wheeler. Right.    Mr. Wheeler. Well, they have been right.    Mr. Wheeler. But----    Mr. Wheeler. So I once sat down with Peter Hart to write a piece----    Mr. Wheeler . Exactly on that, insofar as wireless, because you can't get to the wireless numbers.    Mr. Wheeler. You don't know what they are. So that went by the board. The issue here is, if you come to us and you say, the statute says, which it does, that the only folks who are allowed to be called are those who want to be called----    Mr. Wheeler . And I am supposed to be a strict constructionalist of the statute----    Mr. Wheeler. Let me----    Mr. Wheeler. And you are constantly encouraging me to be a strict constructionalist.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes. I understand.    Mr. Wheeler. In '91, right?    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congresswoman. We have had conversations with everybody who will listen, and some who won't. And I mean that only in a flippant remark. I am----    Mr. Wheeler . Not saying people aren't listening. We have talked to this Committee, we have talked to their Committee. I was honored that the Chairman came to the Appropriations Committee, which I think--the first time that I have ever known that a Chairman has actually come----    Mr. Wheeler. I missed you, then. I was--sorry.    Mr. Wheeler. OK. So that he has got a record now for twice.    Mr. Wheeler. But the----    Mr. Wheeler. But, yes, we have to live with the number that the Congress gives us. It is that simple.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes.    Mr. Wheeler. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you.    Mr. Wheeler. We would be----    Mr. Wheeler. Do you mean----    Mr. Wheeler. I will tell you one interesting thing. We are currently at the lowest number of full time employees in modern history for the agency.    Mr. Wheeler. Thank you, Congressman. It is a moving target, depending upon the characteristics of who participates in the auction. Do you have to move an antenna? Do you have to build a taller antenna? How far do you have to move it?    Mr. Wheeler. I can get back to you with one, sir. I don't have one on the top of my head. But what we have tried to do is to develop a set of rules that can live inside of that, and so let me get you the number we use for denominator in that.    Mr. Wheeler. Because I don't know it off the top of my head.