    Mrs. Davis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you all for bringing your expertise to us today. We appreciate your distinguished service.    I wanted to sort of respond to some of the conversation that we have had. And I think that we all acknowledge and understand one of the first things that we need here, I think, on the committee but also in the country is patience. It is very difficult to push when we know that the timeline is out. I remember one of the Iraqi generals saying something to the effect of, well, we think we might be operational by 2020. And everybody looked at him like, you know, come back another day. And so that is important for us to acknowledge.    And the other thing that you have all mentioned, and I think particularly Ambassador Ford, is reassuring our allies.    So I wanted to ask you, Ambassador Ford, because you highlighted, in talking to Syria, issues of conditionality, particularly as we are working with those who are fighting with the opposition, where is it that we have fallen short in seeking more conditionality moving forward? How could that be done differently?    And, certainly, this is a whole-of-government approach to a large extent, and you have been talking about sustaining the efforts in terms of the State Department. And, at the same time, we know that, whether it is funding or whatever that may be, we often don't engage at the level that we should. Where should those efforts be, specifically, in terms of Syria?    Ambassador Ford. I think, Congresswoman, on two levels.    On a national geostrategic level with countries of the region--Turkey, Saudi Arabia, who are big players in Syria, and Iran. And I assume the Secretary of State is now having some frank conversations with the Iranian Foreign Minister. Of course, the Iranian Foreign Minister doesn't control Iranian policy in Syria. There is another man in the Iranian Government named Qasem Soleimani from the Revolutionary Guard Corps who controls it. So it is awkward, but there needs to be sustained engagement there.    And I think when you talk about conditionality, to me, one of the basic elements is we tell the Turks and the Saudis that we are not interested in helping extremists in the Syrian opposition who will reject a political solution and insist only on military victory. Any assistance we give to any Syrian opposition group should be conditioned on their acceptance of an eventual political deal, not military victory.    Second level for conditionality engagement has to be at a more local level. I mentioned that there are areas that are being liberated, whether it is from the Islamic State or sometimes from the Assad regime. You would need to keep the services going.    And State Department has tried to do this. I have to be honest; my colleagues who are still in government tell me it is becoming more difficult because of security. And I certainly hope, and I know Chris Stevens would hope, that what happened in Benghazi does not prevent colleagues from doing their jobs, going forward and engaging with people locally, in the case of Syria or Iraq, to help national reconciliation and the restoration of capable local governance.    Mrs. Davis. Thank you. Thank you for that.    I don't know whether, Mr. Morell or Dr. Vickers, you wanted to comment on that area of conditionality, but I wanted to just follow up quickly.    I know, Dr. Vickers, you spoke about trying to look at the Afghan strikes initially and kind of taking a look at that. What happened after, obviously, was a far greater problem. But are you suggesting that we really do need to have far more strikes than we are having? And issues of collateral damage, issues of greater radicalization of the area that can occur, are these the considerations that come into this equation? And how does this play into, really, the issues around a no-fly zone, as well?    Mrs. Davis. Right. And, unfortunately, we went to Iraq.    Mrs. Davis. I am sorry, I think I am out of time.    Mr. Chairman, thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Scott.