    Mr. Bishop. Well, thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Madam Attorney General, for being here today and for your patience in sitting through this long testimony.    The primary function of any prosecutor is to enforce the law and the Constitution and to ensure justice. And as I listened to some of the questions, and this can be applied in several different areas that we've been discussing today, the Chairman took you down the path of talking to you about sanctuary cities. And to me the idea of sanctuary cities is really antithetical to what prosecutors believe and that is justice, because it is the selective application of laws.    And I'm wondering what your opinion is of sanctuary cities given all that's been happening in this country. We have cities that have decided to enforce their own brand of law, to ignore law. We have constituents that we represent that don't understand that and Members that do not understand how we can have a law enforcement community that does not enforce the law. It just is inexplicable.    I think it's important that we have some clarity to this answer, but Federal law prohibits, specifically section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, any State or local government from prohibiting their officials from communicating with DHS information regarding the immigration status of any purpose. Yet, it happens.    And I'm just wondering, your predecessor didn't address this issue, I'm wondering if you can address it and if you can give the American people some clarity as to why sanctuary cities are still allowed to exist in this country.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, Congressman, I have to tell you, it is not an issue on which I'm able to give you clarity about the history of sanctuary cities. At this point I'm happy to look into the issue and provide you with whatever information we can.    I know that it is an issue of intense debate, and of course the Department of Justice is able to provide not only the information, but to help in that debate. I'm not able to give you the history of how they came about or explain that to you. I do understand the challenges that you note, however.    Mr. Bishop. Well, that is exactly why Americans are frustrated, because that's the answer that they're getting. Selective enforcement of the law is not justice. It is in fact lawlessness. And we live in a country that we require our citizens to obey the law, yet our own law enforcement is being directed not to follow the law.    So you have to wonder at what point in time do the citizens of this country begin to say, ``Why in the world am I following the law if my own government doesn't apply it in a fair way?'' I do believe that we are fast approaching a point in time in this country where people will just ignore the law. We wonder why the crime continues to proliferate. You have your violence reduction summit that you had. I would think this would be a really good conversation piece to have, why is it that we allow cities to ignore the law and why law enforcement refuses to talk to each other and why we allow some of these glaring examples of violence to occur in our inner cities, we complain about it, I have heard it here today, yet we're not doing what we could do to ensure that it doesn't happen in the future.    It causes me great anxiety to sit here and not hear someone, a public official, say we will not stand for lawlessness, we will not allow cities to circumvent or ignore the law. We are going to use the power and weight of our office to ensure that justice is done.    And I say that with conviction because I believe it's common sense. It has nothing to do with politics. It's common sense. And I'll let you respond to that if you have any response to it.    Attorney General Lynch. Well, thank you, Congressman. I do understand the frustration that you outline. And certainly with respect to the statutory regime that you inquired about, as I indicated, I'm not able to give you that historical information now. But I look forward to providing you what information we can.    Mr. Bishop. I yield back.