    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Waters.    No matter what our ideology is, political affiliation or fussiness, facts tend to be extremely obstinate. They just are finicky like that. They just want to remain what they are. And so, in this environment up on this Hill, we have become in a sense a fact-free environment.    Or in other words, if the facts don't fit, then bit by bit we refit the facts. It is so frustrating when you think about how the CFPB has returned $5.3 billion to 15 million victims of unfair and deceptive practices.    Dr. Calabria, do you believe that is a fact?    Mr. Cleaver. In Missouri, the number is about almost 4,000, I think, and which is a fact incidentally. And I am a little concerned, for example, I Chair the Congressional Black Caucus, and I receive complaints almost every single day from every agency in the Federal Government, from the Capitol Police to the people who work for the Forest Service.    I would have done nothing as the Chair but talk about discrimination if I had tried to just pour it out every day and so, the President can't--if the President says I have a black suit on, he is going to be criticized in a few hours of bringing out the race card, if he says Black Sunday, black market, anything.    And so, I think we need to really be careful on this whole issue of who attacks bigotry because there are problems in every single agency. I am speaking experientially.    Now, one of the things I wanted to ask you, Mr. Calabria, is do you believe that the CFPB has in fact been responsive and flexible?    Mr. Cleaver. So, a fact, was there a Federal agency that was responding to consumer concerns and complaints and offenses against consumers?    Mr. Cleaver. Before Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Cleaver. No, sir. That is not the question I asked of you.    Mr. Cleaver. That is not the--    Mr. Cleaver. I know you are answering your question that you want me to ask.    Mr. Cleaver. My time has run out. You wouldn't answer my question. You are a nice person though. I am not mad at you.