    Secretary Jewell. Thank you, Chairman Bishop, Ranking Member Grijalva, and members of the committee. I am here to discuss the Department's actions following the Gold King Mine incident. I have submitted a written statement for the record, and I will highlight a few key points that relate to the Department's responses to the release, and to the larger problem of abandoned mine lands, in general.    Joining me today is David Palumbo, Deputy Commissioner of the Bureau of Reclamation, who oversees the Technical Service Center, among other duties.    Let me begin by saying that once the Department of the Interior was notified of the incident, its response was robust. Our regional environmental officers in Denver, Albuquerque, and San Francisco began sharing information with regional bureau staff, and monitoring the situation. While the Gold King Mine is on private land, DOI has management responsibilities in the area, and our bureaus began carrying out coordinated response activities to support EPA's on-scene coordinator to protect resources and to meet management responsibilities.    Key actions by our bureaus included Reclamation increasing the release of water from the Navajo Reservoir to help dilute mine contaminants moving through the San Juan River, and alleviate concerns that the river fish and wildlife might be impacted.    On the ground, we were collecting and sampling water for impacts, and carrying out field surveillance of fish communities in the Animas and San Juan Rivers. These actions, and those by other bureaus, were instrumental in providing coordination and support to EPA during its continued response.    The Bureau of Indian Affairs also provided important assurances to communities along the San Juan River that their drinking water was safe. BIA conducted water sampling at five Bureau of Indian Education schools along the river, and activated an Incident Management Team in its Navajo region that provided emergency livestock drinking water to users impacted by closure of the San Juan River. Deputy Secretary Connor recently visited the Navajo Nation and met with President Begaye and members of the Nation who were affected by the release, and reaffirmed our commitment to our trust responsibility.    BIA has continued to monitor water used by tribes for drinking, irrigation, and agriculture; and the Fish and Wildlife Service is providing support on wildlife issues related to the incident.    In addition to these on-the-ground actions, shortly after the incident, EPA asked the Department to carry out a technical review of the release. Led by Reclamation, this independent review of the factors contributing to the incident also provided recommendations to prevent such incidents in the future.    It was carried out by career technical staff with expertise in abandoned mine remediation, and was peer-reviewed by the USGS and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This technical review found the release was due to events spanning several decades, and that actions taken by the EPA, in consultation with the state of Colorado's Division of Reclamation, Mining and Safety, led directly to the incident.    The report noted that the conditions and actions of this incident are not isolated or unique, and are surprisingly prevalent, underscoring the need for more focus and funding for abandoned mine remediation across this country. The report identifies that there are few written requirements or consistent guidelines governing abandoned mine lands remediation, specifically when it comes to engineering standards.    Finally, this incident highlights a significant and costly problem of abandoned mine lands, which are a threat on private, state, and Federal lands. These sites are prevalent throughout the West, where legacy hardrock mining activities were concentrated. It is not a new problem. Many sites were mined prior to the enactment of Federal laws that require reclamation. For those sites where no responsible party is found, the Federal Government and, ultimately, the taxpayer, often bears the cost of addressing public safety risks and threats to the environment.    Within the Department, the significant concentration of abandoned mine lands occurs primarily on BLM and National Park Service lands. BLM's program has identified approximately 50,000 sites with an average of 5,400 new sites discovered each year. The National Park Service recently completed its first comprehensive inventory and assessment of abandoned mine sites in the system, and identified over 37,000 abandoned mine land features. Over 10 percent of these, or 3,800, require remedial action to mitigate public safety threats and environmental impacts.    Reclamation work for dangerous sites requires cooperation with state, local, and other Federal partners, and is a resource-intensive operation. The Department continues to request funds to address this problem, and prioritizes and addresses these activities within available resources. Since 2012, the Administration has included in its budget request a legislative proposal authorizing a reclamation fee on uranium and metallic mines with receipts used for reclamation activities on non-Federal and Federal lands.    It is unfortunate that the catalyst to address a problem is often an incident like this. The Department stands ready to work with this committee and Congress to address the issue in a meaningful way.    Thank you, and I am happy to respond to any questions you may have.    Secretary Jewell. Congressman, we will continue to produce all appropriate material. We have limited resources. There are a lot of things to review. We do that in a thoughtful way, and we get them to the committee as fast as we can with the resources that we have.    The Chairman. Ms. Jewell, let me----    Secretary Jewell. Why is it redacted?    The Chairman . Push back on that. We have talked about this before. They are not coming in a timely review. EPA was faster than you, their contractors were faster than you. Why are they faster than you?    Secretary Jewell. I have no idea what resources EPA has to allocate to this process. I do know what we have; and our people work very hard, and they respond as quickly as they can----    The Chairman. Ain't good enough.    Secretary Jewell . With the amount of requests that they have.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. In terms of why redacted, what you were given is everything related to the Gold King Mine spill. I receive weekly reports from the Department that are lengthy. I receive daily reports on emergency operations. These reports may or may not have anything related to the Gold King Mine spill. So, you may get 50 pages of documents of which only one or two paragraphs relate to the Gold King Mine spill.    As a subset of a document, that is why you would get a lot of pages that did not have any information showing, because none of it related to the Gold King Mine spill.    The Chairman. We would actually like to be part of the decisionmaking process of whether that has--look, you can save a couple of forests by not giving us black pages.    The Bureau of Reclamation was not only involved in the report it produced, but it was also directly involved in the project before the blowout took place. The Bureau of Reclamation, including the report's lead author, was consulting at the Gold King Mine project, and helped fund it. Why was the potential liability enough to create a conflict for BLM when they could not be part of it, but actual involvement was not enough to create a conflict of interest for the Bureau of Reclamation?    Secretary Jewell. I am not aware of any discussions with regard to BLM. I am aware that the EPA wanted to get to the bottom of what happened, technically, at the mine; and they looked for people with that expertise.    The work of the Technical Service Center is very broad. A tiny fraction of that, about a half percent or so, is done for the EPA. The individual that was contacted by the EPA as an expert in these areas has worked in the private sector in the mining industry; and he has worked in the public sector, including for the now no longer functioning U.S. Bureau of Mines. The EPA contacted him because he has technical expertise in this area.    The Chairman. OK. Well, then----    Secretary Jewell. He consulted on the Red and Bonita Mine----    The Chairman. Then let me go to the source of it. BOR signed a contract with the EPA to provide technical assistance for the cleanup just days after BOR signed another contract to lead the so-called independent investigation. So, BOR went from being a technical consultant to an investigator, then back to a technical consultant in a matter of days.    How can you claim that this report is even remotely independent, when the lead author was working with EPA, and has been doing so for some time before he started his investigation?    Secretary Jewell. Congressman, there are 30 seconds left, so I am going to turn to my colleague, David Palumbo, who oversees the Technical Service Center, to provide as quick an answer as we can within the time remaining.    Secretary Jewell. The numbers that I have heard are 330 million gallons of toxic mine drainage every year out of this region and into the Animas River watershed.    Secretary Jewell. The USGS has measured the flow at approximately 3 million gallons on the day of August 5, and that was when the surge came through. Since then, it has returned to a more stable level. So, 3 million gallons.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, there have. As I read the technical report, it identifies several of them--the largest of which was actually the inadvertent draining of a lake, which was something like several hundred million gallons.    Secretary Jewell. Not to my knowledge. The incidents occurred as a result of the mining industry's activities.    Secretary Jewell. We have not estimated the amount of spillage. In this small area alone, there are about 400 mines in the Animas River watershed, 330 million gallons. We estimate on BLM lands alone there are 100,000 abandoned mines. The state of Colorado has 23,000. I think that it is fair to say that it is a significant multiple of that amount, but I do not have an estimate.    Secretary Jewell. Correct.    Secretary Jewell. To just provide a quick summary, we were in contact with the Navajo Nation on August 6, which was the day after the spill. We mobilized to understand what the issues were. The Fish and Wildlife Service started working on what were the impacts to the wildlife, the U.S. Geological Survey began immediate work on stream gauges and measuring the water flow, the Bureau of Reclamation released additional water from the Navajo Reservoir to dilute the flow; and we worked every step of the way with the Navajo Nation.    We are concerned about water quality. We did water quality testing in the area, including at schools that were about to open. We set up an Incident Management Team and an Incident Management Center; and throughout the spill response, we basically made sure that they had sufficient resources for their livestock and other animals.    Secretary Jewell. I would say, overall, we are very much in support of contracting services to tribes when they are capable of providing those services; and we certainly have some sophistication in the tribes you referenced. So, yes----    Secretary Jewell. Let's see. My understanding is that our first notification came from the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, through their spills tracking data system. The same day, our Office of Environmental Compliance and Policy in Denver was notified of the spill by EPA's National Response Center, all on the day of the spill.    Secretary Jewell. I have not seen that at all. I have seen nothing but cooperation in trying to deal with the issues on the ground and be responsive to the circumstances on the ground.    Secretary Jewell. Well, we did not have anybody at the Gold King Mine site, but we have----    Secretary Jewell. Well, we did not at the time. We have since visited the site, but we do not have anybody on the ground at the site that I am aware of.    Secretary Jewell. EPA is responsible for the site, and they are on the----    Secretary Jewell. I don't know. I assume so.    Secretary Jewell. I am sorry, I thought you were talking about the Gold King Mine site. Are you speaking about the reservation itself?    Secretary Jewell. No, we are working with the tribe, and the tribe's environmental protection organization on monitoring of water quality. They have said, ``This has opened our eyes to the risk; we would like assistance in monitoring the amount of heavy metals in the soil.''    So we are, through BIA, continuing to work with the tribe, and will continue to do that for as long as they like.    Secretary Jewell. Great.    Secretary Jewell. Congressman Young----    Secretary Jewell . With all due respect, I think our actions have shown that we take our responsibilities to tribes very seriously. My personal meetings with the Navajo leadership, and our deputy, Mike Connor's, personal meetings, have shown that they have been very appreciative of our response. We will continue those very high levels.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you for the question, and for recognizing the extent of this problem.    National Parks, in particular, did a very thorough study that was published in 2014. They estimated that they had something like 37,000 abandoned mine features, with about 3,800 that required remediation. Because of their smaller footprint, we were able to do the assessment. They estimated that the cleanup of those 3,800 sites alone would cost about $141 million over 12 years.    The BLM has not had the financial capacity to do a full assessment or inventory. They estimate, just in the states of California, Nevada, and Utah alone, it would cost about $212 million to inventory those sites. They have identified 50,000 sites. As I mentioned, they have another 5,400 that they are identifying each year. There have been estimates of roughly 100,000 sites, but those are just estimates. We really don't know, because we have not had the capacity or the funding to do an inventory.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, there are, I think, in those 3,800 that need remediation, about 76 units.    An example--there is a large mine site--I cannot remember the name of it--up in Alaska, in Wrangell-St. Elias. There are lots of sites where our biggest issue is drownings.    Sorry, OK.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. Congressman, what I do know is the facts that are in the record, that we signed a work authorization form. I will turn it over to David to explain what was in that. It was specifically a technical review; that is what we agreed to do.    I think it is fair to say that it is informing the ongoing investigative work that EPA is conducting. Our reviewers, our engineers are doing technical----    Secretary Jewell. They are not----    Secretary Jewell. Congressman, my Department does not have the authority to conduct those investigations. I did not have a conversation with Administrator McCarthy about----    Secretary Jewell. Let me finish----    Secretary Jewell. Mr. Gohmert, I do not have the power within Interior to investigate employees within EPA. The Inspector General within EPA would have that authority; but the Department of the Interior does not have the authority to look at criminal or individual investigations. Our investigation was strictly technical in nature, and consistent with the work authorization that we did with EPA.    Secretary Jewell. I think I will turn that over to David Palumbo, because he is a technical expert and works with Mr. Gobla.    Go ahead, David.    Secretary Jewell. Not that I am aware of, no. None.    Secretary Jewell. I do know, from speaking with the Navajo Nation, that they chose to not use the water for irrigating crops, and they believe they have losses there that they are pursuing a claims process with the EPA. But no livestock was lost. The livestock water that we provided through the BIA, and the subsequent use of their water, resulted in no losses that I am aware of to livestock.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. I do not believe there is anything in there that suggests criminal activity. The spill was clearly unintentional, from everything we have looked at, and from all the information that has subsequently come out.    Secretary Jewell. I think that that is for others to determine. The facts are on the table; I think they are very clear. These are unknown circumstances. It certainly did not look like there was any intent, other than to clean up an abandoned mine land site, which had risks that were identified; and the judgments taken resulted in a spill. Certainly, there was no indication in anything that I have seen that would suggest anything was intentional.    Secretary Jewell. Not that I am aware of.    Secretary Jewell. Not that I am aware of.    Secretary Jewell. David, I think I will go ahead and let you answer that, because it is technical.    Secretary Jewell. Congressman, if I can jump in here, the----    Secretary Jewell. EPA had requested a consultation by Mr. Gobla, who provided the expertise and the suggestions in the Red and Bonita Mine. That was scheduled for August 14. They were doing preparation work on the site, clearly without an intent to do a spill. That is when the spill occurred. Had he done the consultation, he may have provided advice that would have prevented the spill; but the prep work on the site resulted in the release.    Secretary Jewell. David?    Secretary Jewell. Sure. Just to be clear, the self-bonding that you are referring to is in the coal mining industry. There are concerns. There has been a large bankruptcy recently. In many states, the states have primacy for the regulation on the coal mining activities, particularly true in Congresswoman Lummis' state of Wyoming. We work closely with the states, and must continue to work closely with the states on the self-bonding issues.    There is no question that, with the increased financial fragility of many coal mining companies, if they are self-bonded, that does potentially leave the states and the taxpayers at risk; and it is something that we would welcome an opportunity to work with this committee on, as my colleague, Janna Schneider, has been doing with our Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. It is a big issue.    Secretary Jewell. The honest answer is we know we have likely more than 100,000 sites on public lands alone, and we don't know because we have not yet had an opportunity to inventory the amount of risk that may be present. We do know, just in this Animas River alone, there are 400 sites; and we do know that there is consistent water buildup, and a consistent leakage of that water into the watershed--330 million gallons a year.    There are other watersheds the USGS has done work on that have indicated similar problems. And actually, unlike the coal industry, there is no similar mechanism to pay for cleanup in the hardrock mining industry; so, it is even worse than what you described with coal.    Secretary Jewell. Well, let me begin, Congressman, by saying that the Deepwater Horizon spill killed 11 people, it was in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico.    Secretary Jewell. So we----    Secretary Jewell. We had primary responsibility, as a regulator in the Gulf of Mexico. EPA had responsibility here.    Secretary Jewell. I do not have a list of how many times I visited the western states, but I certainly would----    Secretary Jewell. May I answer any of this?    Secretary Jewell. Mike Connor has been to the actual site of the Gold King Mine----    Secretary Jewell. My visit relevant to the Gold King Mine spill was----    Secretary Jewell. I visited with the Vice President of the Navajo Nation on November 18.    Secretary Jewell. Mr. Chairman, I am not being given a chance to answer.    Secretary Jewell. My closest visit was in November to the Navajo Nation in Arizona.    Secretary Jewell. The Navajo Nation----    Secretary Jewell . In Arizona was impacted.    Secretary Jewell. Not in context of the Gold King Mine spill----    Secretary Jewell. This is an EPA issue. We were brought in as a consultant. This was not our primary issue----    Secretary Jewell. EPA is the primary agency responsible, as this committee is well aware.    Secretary Jewell. I am not aware of all the purposes of Mike Connor's visit, but he has been to the Gold King Mine site, and that was in November, to look at the treatment----    Secretary Jewell. It had nothing to do with being bothered. As Congresswoman Lummis explained, we were conducting an independent review of the Gold King Mine. I did not feel it was appropriate to appear before the committee while that investigation was ongoing. I did agree to appear before the committee today, as the report is out. And, of course, a lot of this conversation deals with that independent report.    Secretary Jewell. It would have been inappropriate for me to come and visit with this committee while that independent investigation was going on; and I needed the context of that report to be able to provide information to this committee that would be relevant.    Secretary Jewell. I do not have the specific numbers on our budget, but I will say that we have significant problems in coal and hardrock mining with regard particularly to water quality. I have visited mines, particularly in Appalachia, with a number of abandoned sites with acid mine drainage that is impacting water quality.    We have a very thin team. I think the budget for the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement is down something like 25 percent over where it was a few years ago. So, the ability of our team to assist the states in understanding and working with mine operators to remediate these issues is severely constrained.    In the case of hardrock mining, as was mentioned earlier, the BLM has a relatively small budget; it is about $16 million a year. I think that was mentioned by Mr. Grijalva in his testimony. It is insufficient to even begin to measure the scope of the problems, let alone address the real remediation that needs to be done, both for personal safety of people visiting these lands, as well as the environmental impacts from these lands. We would welcome an opportunity to work with the committee on a stable source of funding and a work plan to address these things that are really impacting the public health and safety of communities across the country, particularly the West.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you. I would say that I have not had a chance to talk about the accountability and the transparency that Congressman Fleming was suggesting earlier.    We have been very open. And I think, if you review the technical report, it clearly identifies issues where there turned out to be an error in judgment on the part of EPA. That is hardly not holding them accountable. It is, in fact, holding them accountable; and we have been very transparent in that. We will continue to be transparent and hold ourselves accountable for those things that are required of us.    We are fully supportive of working with tribes on opportunities to clean up abandoned mines. In many cases, tribes do have the sophistication and the interest. We would welcome working together on having sufficient resources to address this issue, and continuing to provide economic support to tribes to be able to build that expertise to address these issues.    I appreciate the opportunity to say a few things that I did not get a chance to say before. I stand behind our efforts. I stand behind our commitment to accountability and to continue to bring the resources we have to bear to assist EPA; I believe they do want to get to the bottom of what happened here. We will hold people accountable to the extent that it is appropriate, and we are conducting that investigation.    Secretary Jewell. Mr. McClintock, I think those would be appropriate questions to ask EPA. In none of the situations----    Secretary Jewell . That you referenced is----    Secretary Jewell. No, I have not yelled at anybody over this. Our job is to try and be responsive----    Secretary Jewell. May I just suggest that you----    Secretary Jewell. I do not agree with the facts that you have suggested. There is nothing in our technical review that suggested that there was any deliberate act to breach the mine.    Secretary Jewell. I do not know the names of the EPA officials, but my understanding is that there was no----    Secretary Jewell. No. We did exactly what the agreement with the EPA was, in terms of providing a technical review. We did not see any deliberate intent to breach a mine. It was an accident.    Secretary Jewell. We were doing a technical report. We delivered that report. My understanding is the EPA is doing a thorough investigation with people that are trained to do that. The people that did our report are trained engineers, and they delivered exactly what we agreed to do with the EPA, sir.    Secretary Jewell. OK.    Secretary Jewell. Sure.    Secretary Jewell. OK. Let me tackle a few of those. First, my understanding is that EPA is proposing some long-term studies, and those are out for comment right now. So, it would be their responsibility for long-term studies on water quality. I will say that we have been providing assistance to the Fish and Wildlife Service, the USGS, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs.    The spill, while it itself was not that large relative to how much is leaching out of that region, they are concerned, because of all of the toxic mine drainage, about the long-term impacts on their reservation land and on their agricultural crops; so they have been talking to BIA about how to address that.    I don't know about EPA's relationship with the subcontractors, and what kind of coverage they might be required to have for malfeasance, because we did not engage in that contract.    Secretary Jewell. No.    Secretary Jewell. I have just been passed a note that says Treasury has certified the warrant.    Secretary Jewell. I don't know what EPA is working on presently. I am aware that they said that there were opportunities to improve, and we would certainly like to work with them on that.    As I have gone through piecing together a timeline of events, I think that the tribe could have been notified directly by EPA, but we actually did pursue work the day of and the day after the spill. So I think, in terms of the actual impact, notifications were out there, but they maybe came through a less direct method than would have been ideal. So, we would support any effort that EPA would undertake to learn from this and to put more robust and direct forms of communications in place.    One thing I would point out in our technical report--it said that there are very few guidelines or standards. There are a lot of people involved in cleaning up these sites, some of my own agencies--in this case, EPA and the states. I think this may be a wake-up call to do a better job of our communications and our response efforts.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Thompson.    Secretary Jewell. I knew that EPA was conducting ongoing investigations, and that our report was helping advise that; but I was not aware of specific actions that they were taking at this time.    Secretary Jewell. Right.    Secretary Jewell. We stand fully behind our report, and believe it met the terms that were identified when we signed the scope of work with the EPA in August.    Secretary Jewell. I am going to turn that over to David.    Secretary Jewell. Well, Congressman, I am proud of the work that Reclamation did, and of the technical review. I think that they did a thorough analysis of the facts in the time frame that they had to generate a report--within a little over 60 days.    I do think that as more work is done on the mine, more is understood, like the collapse of the roof, which they would not have known before it occurred. These are all facts that are beginning to come to light, as more work is done on the mine.    I do not think there is any intent to negligence, nor do I think that there is necessary disagreement. I think more information is continuing to come out over time, and that is typically how these investigations unfold.    Secretary Jewell. Correct.    Secretary Jewell. Correct.    Secretary Jewell. Yes.    Secretary Jewell. Yes.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, and one other tribe that----    Secretary Jewell. The Ute Mountain Ute, I believe.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, that is true.    Secretary Jewell. Correct.    Secretary Jewell. Yes. Well, the tribes, we had a relationship. Obviously, that is tribal land. We provide support.    Secretary Jewell. Yes, it matters if it is intentional or unintentional.    Secretary Jewell. I believe we were, in the work that we did through the Bureau of Reclamation, yes.    Secretary Jewell. My team was very responsive. I would say that we provided the level of response appropriate to the degree of this spill and the impact of the spill. The decisions were made not in Washington, DC; they were made in the regional offices that were closest to the action by the people most able to address the cleanup.    Secretary Jewell. Mike Connor, Deputy Secretary, went out. I have not been to the Gold King Mine site, personally.    Secretary Jewell. I have not.    Secretary Jewell. I had a visit that was related to Bureau of Indian Education close to the Navajo site. I met with the Navajo Vice President. We spoke about this, but I have not been specifically to look at the Gold King Mine incident.    Secretary Jewell. You know, I am not familiar with the details of the Good Samaritan law.    Secretary Jewell. I am going to turn to David to respond to the technical report. Do you have a figure number? Is it 39, you said?    Secretary Jewell. And, I am sorry, the question again?    Secretary Jewell. To be clear, we were not working on that date.    Secretary Jewell. The Bureau of Reclamation was not there.    Secretary Jewell. I believe the work that is being done in something like this--EPA is trying to do a job of cleaning up a problem it did not create. I think it is a little bit different to compare that to a private company that is, in fact, mining or doing other work, in terms of what its responsibilities are.    I think that is very clear in our report. I disagree with the premise that it was not independent; I believe it was independent. I don't know the credentials of the EPA people on site, and our report did not get into that, because it was not the scope of the report. But I think that it clearly indicated what happened, and while you can look, as we have, after the fact, and say----    Secretary Jewell. I think they are germane, but that was not part of the scope of our investigation.    Secretary Jewell. We did a technical review of what happened. The investigation on those kinds of questions is being conducted by the EPA through their Office of the Inspector General.    Secretary Jewell. Their IG is doing a thorough investigation, and should additional investigations come from that--that could happen.    Secretary Jewell. If I were in the same situation as Administrator McCarthy, absolutely I would want to know about those things. I believe those questions are being answered through an appropriate body, which is the Office of the Inspector General. It was not part of the scope of the work that we were asked to do.    Secretary Jewell. One of the things that this pointed out is that there are very few guidelines or standards, particularly engineering standards regarding abandoned mine lands. I think that that is a call to action for all of us, to look at putting some of those standards in place, so that there is a reduced risk of this happening again.    Secretary Jewell. I think we would support that recommendation. I have not seen it, personally, but I think the report clearly indicated we could have stronger standards across the Federal family on the cleanup of abandoned mines.    Secretary Jewell. I would say that between the EPA and ourselves, we share a common disappointment that the spill happened, a common desire to try to get to the bottom of exactly what happened, and how do we prevent that from happening in the future. I think if there is one thing that this hearing does, it shines a spotlight on the challenge that we have across this Nation of abandoned hardrock mines, and the fact that there are very limited resources to clean them up.    I think the other thing that this hearing points out is, in a situation like the Gold King Mine, which was closed in 1922, that there is continuing buildup of toxic material that is leaching out of mine tailings, the mines themselves, and some natural deposits that are a problem that need to be addressed that are impacting many of our states.    My sense is the EPA is doing what it can with limited resources to address the cleanup. They wanted to know what they did wrong here, so they could learn lessons from that. We are learning lessons about the lack of clear standards and guidance with regard, particularly, to the engineering aspects of these mines; and I think those are all lessons that we take away from this that will make us more effective land managers and more involved in cleaning up these things that we did not cause, but we now have responsibility for.    Secretary Jewell. Congressman, I am going to turn that over to my technical expert, if you are OK with that. David?    Secretary Jewell. So, just to be clear, the scope of work that was agreed upon by ourselves and EPA was a technical review. The people that did that technical review were experts in engineering, mine remediation, geology, and so on. We do not have, in the Bureau of Reclamation, the authorities necessary to conduct an investigation of individuals. Those kinds of authorities would rest with the Inspector General and other oversight bodies.    I am confident the EPA wants to get to the bottom of those issues, that was just not what the Department of the Interior signed up to do in the work plan that we agreed to with EPA, nor would we have the authorities to do that work.    Secretary Jewell. It was not part of the scope of work of what we agreed to do with EPA.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    The Chairman. Mr. Hice.    Secretary Jewell. Well, as I have said over and over again, our work was a technical review. I do not want to make assumptions on whether there was urgency or not urgency to do the work. We have done the scope of the review, based on the information that we were provided at the time.    The investigation of intent and so on is an ongoing work that is being conducted by the EPA.    Secretary Jewell. Let me just say that the facts demonstrate that we were very active, from day one----    Secretary Jewell. I have not visited the site. Others with much more technical knowledge have visited the site, including my Deputy Secretary. I have not personally visited the site, nor did I feel that it was important to do so, because of the level of resources and expertise that we had engaged at multiple levels.    Secretary Jewell. Well, I do not believe there is a double standard. The Department of the Interior was a primary regulator in the offshore oil incident in the Deepwater Horizon. EPA was the primary regulator involved here. Deepwater Horizon was a very different incident with very different implications, including killing 11 people. This spill, while significant and something we are all learning lessons from, does not compare in magnitude at all to the Deepwater----    Secretary Jewell. Beg your pardon?    Secretary Jewell. I am not sure I understand your question.    Secretary Jewell. It is not a question of interest, sir. I do not believe it would be appropriate for me to necessarily visit the site. It would be the regulator that was most closely involved. This is a private land site. The state was involved----    Secretary Jewell. That is correct.    Secretary Jewell. The judgment was that the release of water from the dam would dilute an otherwise more toxic situation, so a decision had to be made very quickly. The Fish and Wildlife Service was doing testing upstream of that to determine whether there had been an adverse impact on threatened and endangered species, and had seen no impact, and had done multiple testing.    Secretary Jewell. We are continuing to do studies. Largely, the EPA is doing ongoing work on sedimentation. We will continue to look at impacts from this spill, but also toxic contaminants in the area. That is something that we are doing also with----    Secretary Jewell. It is the EPA's choice whether or not to do a Section 7 consultation with the Fish and Wildlife Service. I think it is abundantly clear that they had no intention of the spill, that that was not part of the original plan; and, therefore, they did not feel a Section 7 consultation with the Fish and Wildlife Service was necessary.    Secretary Jewell. I believe that the spill was an accident, and that they should not have been required to conduct a Section 7 consultation in advance.    Secretary Jewell. Well, I am an engineer, and David is an engineer.    Secretary Jewell. David, do you have--do you know?    Secretary Jewell. We can speak quickly to the fact that there was a request for support from our experts on the Red and Bonita Mine, and they had initiated an inquiry for consultation on the Gold King Mine for August 14. That ended up being 9 days after the spill, but they do use us on occasion.    We are not in a position to answer the questions about what kinds of bonding and requirements that the EPA has with their contractors. I don't know the answer to that.    Secretary Jewell. Correct.    Secretary Jewell. Correct.    Secretary Jewell. Right.    Secretary Jewell. I would like to be able to guarantee it would never happen. I think the reality is that these circumstances are really unknown. What we need to do is have more work up front on the engineering and the hydrology to better understand.    As we digest not only the report that we have produced, but also subsequent reports, we will welcome an opportunity to work with EPA, other land management agencies, states, as well as other stakeholders, on coming up with standards; and we would also like to work with this committee to come up with some solutions on the funding side and the process side, so that we can address these issues, because, as Mr. Grijalva said, there are a lot of ticking time bombs out there. But, there are lessons learned here that we need to address, and I think getting experts together to work on that is appropriate.    Secretary Jewell. David, do you know the protocols on peer reviews?    Secretary Jewell. We will release all appropriate documents, and I know EPA is deepening the investigation with regard to the individuals involved and their intent. Our report really was just technical in nature, and that is all it addressed.    Secretary Jewell. That is fine.    The Chairman. Thank you for that.    Mr. LaMalfa, you are recognized. I apologize for--we will put a bell around your neck from here on in.    Secretary Jewell. He was here, earlier.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. I am not prepared here to discuss the Iron Mountain Mine, but I am very happy to look into that for the record, and will be happy to get back to you with----    Secretary Jewell . What the plans are on the ground. So, we will look into it. Sounds like another one of these risky situations that is out there that----    Secretary Jewell. Happy to do that.    Secretary Jewell. Thank you.    Secretary Jewell. The question was related to a Section 7 consultation.    The Chairman. I know, but----    Secretary Jewell. When you have something that happens accidentally, and the examples you bring up would be accidental, then I would not have expected an agency to have done a Section 7 consultation in advance, unless they felt there was a very high probability that that would happen. Then they would believe that a consultation may be appropriate.    The Chairman. I think that is actually a fair answer. But we need to change the Endangered Species Act so it could reflect that. The Endangered Species Act does not give that kind of flexibility, and ought to; you are right.    When you talked to Mr. Beyer, you said you did not think there was any negligence in this effect. Since you have already said that was outside of the scope of your report, and the report did not actually go into that, is that your personal opinion, that there was no negligence, or is that an official opinion that is not actually in the report?    Secretary Jewell. That is my personal opinion, based on what I have read.    The Chairman. All right. That is fair enough, as well.    Let me go to Mr. Palumbo, and give you a chance--hopefully you mis-spoke a couple of hours ago. Mr. Gobla--if I pronounced that correctly--when he was there on August 14, at that point his role was that of a technical consultant for EPA at the Gold King Mine. So, for 6 days before EPA signed the contract for Reclamation to do this independent investigation, he was working alongside the EPA, offering technical expertise, helping them out with their responses.    When exactly did he stop doing that, and start investigating the people with whom he was working?    Secretary Jewell. I believe we have provided all of the relevant information to this committee that is appropriate. I think, if you want to make that request, we would take it under advisement; but I do not have an answer for you at this time.    The Chairman. Then we will send it to you in writing. I was hoping to have to avoid that. I know you do not like getting letters from me.    Secretary Jewell. I will take a Christmas card.    The Chairman. No, no, no. You will take a happy holiday card.    Mr. Grijalva, do you have anything to add?    Secretary Jewell. I will give you one, too.    The Chairman. It will be in the mail. And, there will not be any fruitcake involved in this, OK? Just the card.    There may be some additional questions for the Secretary. We would like you to respond in writing. Committee Rule 4(g) says the hearing record will be open for 10 business days. If you get those questions, I would appreciate a timely response to them, as well.    If there is no further business, then once again, with gratitude for your being here and taking the time out of your busy schedule to join us, we are adjourned. Thank you.