    Mr. Staal. Thank you, Chairman Donovan, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    As part of our mission to end extreme poverty and promote democratic resilient societies, USAID is a leader in democracy assistance around the world including in Africa.    Several countries saw progress in the conduct of elections since the subcommittee held a hearing on this subject last year including in Nigeria, Cote d'Ivoire, Burkina Faso, and the Central African Republic.    Many national and regional institutions have improved their capacity to facilitate credible elections including electoral bodies we supported in Nigeria and Cote d'Ivoire. Citizens are more engaged and connected than ever.    With our support, domestic election observers are leveraging innovative technology and carrying out advanced parallel vote tabulations--PVTs--to confirm election results.    In Nigeria, we trained 3,000 domestic monitors to do PVTs and also in Zambia and Cote d'Ivoire. Yet, Africa still faces important challenges. The youth desperately want the chance to have a say in their future. But several African leaders refuse to pass the baton.    The average age of the 10 oldest African leaders is 78\1/2\ years old while the average age of an African citizen is just 19\1/2\.    The trend of abolishing or extending term limits continues and incumbents are employing tactics to create an uneven playing field long before they face the election.    Leaders are, unfortunately, sharing worst practices including using surveillance technologies and imposing complex legal and fiscal restrictions on civil society and the media.    As more citizens go online, authorities are restricting Internet access, as we saw last week during Uganda's Presidential inauguration. Recent crackdowns like the ones we've seen in Burundi, Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo are not only a threat to democracy but to regional security.    For decades, USAID has supported African reformers and citizens who seek to promote good governance and democratic processes. Our support helps build the enabling conditions for credible elections to take place--strong judiciary and legislature, competitive parties, a free press and free Internet and an engaged civil society.    These efforts would not be possible without our partners including those testifying later today and our local African partners play a critical role in sustaining democratic gains as well.    Our strategic approach to electoral assistance is informed by several lessons learned over the last number of years.    First, USAID's electoral investments are tailored to the specific political context in and out of the country and informed by long-term partnerships with the host government and civil society to support the foundations of a democratic movement and a democratic government.    For instance, the positive impact of our electoral efforts in Nigeria and Zambia were the result of many years of sustained engagement in broader democracy assistance in both countries.    USAID's democracy officers across our missions in Africa help us maximize the opportunity to expand democratic gains and overcome challenges.    Second, our long-term electoral assistance is coupled with flexibility to respond to unforeseen challenges and windows of opportunity. For example, in Guinea's elections we quickly mobilized our elections and political processes funds to keep reporters broadcasting the vote count. This reassured the public and opposition parties that the process was fair.    Third, our early and robust conflict mitigation efforts have made a difference in averting electoral violence. For example, we supported the West Africa Network for Peace Building's early warning system to mitigate trigger points for electoral violence, for instance, in Burkina Faso.    In Cote D'Ivoire, USAID's Office of Transition Initiatives mobilized a successful arts campaign to promote peaceful political participation and in Nigeria, we integrated conflict mitigation across all of our multi-year programs.    And fourth, we proactively empower political parties, civil society and the media to combat efforts by incumbents to close the space for political engagement.    As part of President Obama's Stand With Civil Society Initiative we are creating a hub for African civil society to share tactics and successes to overcome common restrictions that they face.    Our global Information Security Coalition has trained and mentored African organizations and individuals in digital and mobile security.    And then, finally, we coordinate closely with our diplomatic and donor partners to maximize impact as we did in Nigeria to ensure that displaced populations could vote and CAR to promote local peace building before the elections.    So as we look ahead, we will seek to sustain democratic gains in Ghana, in Zambia, and other countries; promote peaceful and inclusive elections, in Kenya; and encourage a timely and credible election timetable in the DRC, in partnership with democratic reformers.    Thank you very much and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Staal. Thank you for that question. It's a critical issue that we do take very seriously and in fact we're in consultations right now with members of the committee and our implementing partners to look at this balance of grants and cooperative agreements, with contracts, to make sure that it's meeting the needs of everybody involved.    Each country we look at specific conditions in that country to make sure that the programs that we have are relevant to, and appropriate to and meeting the needs there.    Overall, our balance has been about two-thirds have gone to grants and about one-third to cooperative agreements--to contracts, and what we're doing is working on some supplemental guidance for our contract officers who would do the awards to make sure that it's clear exactly what the standards are and that it's consistent and that it's--and we're doing that in a consultative fashion with our implementing partners.    Mr. Staal. Thank you for that question, Ranking Member Bass.    I can get you some details of specific contracts. I have to admit I don't have them off the top of my head.    Mr. Staal. We do some contracting in individual cases in certain countries. As I mentioned, the majority--about two-thirds of our programs are done through grants and cooperative agreements. But in certain circumstances----    Mr. Staal. Those are primarily with nonprofit organizations.    Mr. Staal. U.S.-based, yeah. And then in certain cases we do provide direct funding to local organizations in given countries where they have the capacity.    Mr. Staal. So, for instance, in Ghana which is further along than some others we're able to work directly with civil society organizations and give them assistance.    Mr. Staal. That's a critical question. Thank you very much, and we believe very strongly in that as well and we can do that, we feel, through a variety of mechanisms.    Sometimes it's through a U.S., usually a nonprofit organization, who in turn then can provide support to a number of indigenous organizations and in some cases where the indigenous organizations have the capability, the management and financial capability we're able to provide funding directly to them.    Mr. Staal. Absolutely. That is part of our civil society strengthening programs to build that capacity management, accounting and so on and, frankly, for instance, in Kenya we have a program working with the women voters to build their capacity to vote, to run as candidates and even after they become leaders to do that. There's a whole process of work through that.    Mr. Staal. Sure.    Mr. Staal. Yes.    Mr. Staal. That's right.    Mr. Staal. Thank you for the question about the support to the AU. We actually have a USAID Foreign Service Officer based in Ethiopia who sits with the Ambassador to the AU--a USAID staff person managing several programs, actually providing capacity building to the AU on a number of things based on their request for assistance on the peace building, on other things.    And then, of course, we also have support to many of the regional organizations--ECOWAS, SADC, and IGAD. That's a critical part of our support.    Mr. Staal. Right. Okay.    Mr. Staal. If I could add also, a recent study done by Mercy Corps on violent extremism in several countries showed that the primary drivers of violent extremism were injustice and a sense of unfairness, corruption and police or military brutality--all issues of democracy and good governance.    And it's in those countries where either there's poor governance and bad practice--undemocratic practices or maybe a lack of ability to control certain parts of their country that these violent extremists come from.    And so it's in our own personal interest as the United States to promote good solid democracy that's transparent, that's fair, that's reducing corruption and that's why it's so important that we have a good election in a place like Nigeria and so that they can then spread their good governance into the parts of the country where we're seeing violent extremists up in the Boko Haram area.