    Dr. Moyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DelBene, Congressman Newhouse, and other Members of the Subcommittee.    Washington agriculture is one of the most diverse in the United States, growing over 200 different crops, many of which are classified as specialty crops. Washington is number one nationally in the production of ten of those crops, including apples, cherries, hops, and pears, and second in production of eight others, including grapes, onions, and potatoes. Specialty crops represent more than \1/2\ of Washington's agricultural economy, and play a significant role in the agricultural economy of many other states as well. And further, specialty crops provide the fruits and vegetables that are the foundation of a healthy diet for everyone.    Feeding an increasing global population in the face of 21st century challenges that include climate change, diminishing water supplies, and disease and pests, requires 21st century research responses. This morning, I would like to highlight WSU's unique contributions to the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, or SCRI, funded by the USDA, National Institute of Food and Agriculture, as part of that solution.    SCRI is designed to serve the needs of the broader national agriculture industry by requiring multi-institutional and stakeholder involvement. This is a thoughtful feature that brings together the expertise needed to address complex problems, and to assure relevance. Since 2008, WSU faculty have been lead investigators, or funded collaborators, on 38 SCRI program grants that brought over $36 million to WSU to support Washington's agriculture, and a similar amount was awarded to collaborating land-grant institutions. These grants funded research to improve production practices, develop systems approaches to crop management, study climate change, pest and disease management, precision agriculture and automation, and develop genomic and bioinformatics tools to aid plant breeding efforts.    This morning, I will highlight two projects that demonstrate the critical value of SCRI. First, is research on biodegradable plastic fabric for mulches. WSU, with collaborators, studied mulch fabrics that suppress weeds and saves water, and can also be used for high tunnels that prolong the growing season. This was only possible because of the research collaboration among five universities and farmers. In addition, the results allowed farmers from Washington, Tennessee, and Texas to access niche markets for strawberries, and to improve yields of other crops such as tomatoes. Further, researchers collected valuable information that was previously unavailable. They first collected information on the performance of biodegradable plastic fabrics used to construct the tunnels and mulch covers. They also collected information on the effects of biodegradation of microbial communities in soil, and identify fungi and bacteria responsible for degradation. This research led to a second project, now underway, focused on developing non-woven polymers that can be used to manufacture fabrics that have high utility as biodegradable mulch.    The second example I will share is actually two projects that seek to improve the accessibility and application of the vast amounts of genomic data available for specialty crops. The data is valuable because it can be used to identify genes responsible for specific traits, and then by plant breeders to integrate these traits into varieties. The first project is the Genomic Database for Rosaceae, which is led by Dorrie Main. This is a publicly available database with whole genome sequences, and genetics and breeding data for apples, peaches, and strawberries, and partial sequences and data for other crops such as almonds and pears that can be used for breeding projects. In addition to SCRI funding, this research is supported by several other sources, including the National Science Foundation and the Washington Tree Fruit Commission.    In the other project known as RosBREED, scientists from WSU and Michigan State University are leading 35 scientists from 14 U.S. institutions to utilize information from 22 U.S. Rosaceae crop breeding programs. This initial project was so successful that a second phase was funded to develop and apply 21st century DNA tests and breeding methods to produce new varieties with improved horticultural quality and disease resistance.    I have provided additional testimony for the record, describing these examples and the importance of SCRI funding to Washington agriculture.    I thank you for this opportunity to offer the testimony today. Thank you.    Dr. Moyer. Well, the plant genome is foundational to all of the information that makes up a productive variety. And we know that the pressures that are being placed on our agricultural production, particularly as we look forward in the demands between now and 2050, we are going to have to produce more abundant yields than we ever have before. For rapid advances, we have to have the technology to identify the specific genes in the genome that are responsible for the traits that we are breeding for, and then we have to have the efficient tools to use that information in order to rapidly integrate and reduce the time that it takes to make a variety that is adopted by the farmers.    Dr. Moyer. Yes. I think it is extremely important. I wouldn't say it is rare, but it is certainly a hallmark of a successful project when it receives a second round of funding. It shows the success. That is why it is even a measure of success of the SCRI Program, bringing together teams that are, in fact, actually contributing to the solutions of complex problems.    Dr. Moyer. And so, like I said, it is a winnowing process, but getting that second round of funding is a hallmark of something that really is truly having impact. And also this is just not peer reviewed, but in order to get the call back from a preproposal, it undergoes stakeholder review. So this is a two-tiered process. The rigor is pretty--the bar is pretty high, and yes, that is a very positive sign.    Dr. Moyer. Yes. I think one of the things that we really need to do, and one of the things we have learned from the GMO situation that has now been going on for over 25 years, is that the importance of involving the social scientists in the integration of new technology, and the push on--or the suggestion--strong suggestion of many of these grants of having that multidisciplinary team and involving the social scientists in the project, and then conducting those studies that will hopefully anticipate some of the problems that might arise, and thereby facilitate the integration of new technologies. And that is something that we have to do.    Dr. Moyer. Well, first of all, the Specialty Crop Research Initiative is a relatively recent addition to the farm bill, and it targets those crops that may have been, or were, under-served. I think the--a lot of the research--the federally funded research was at--either at the very basic pioneering discovery end of the spectrum, or it tended to focus on the big three; wheat, corn, soybeans, and there was this whole body of other crops that were languishing because there was not a vehicle to get that pioneering research into practice. And so with the Specialty Crop Research Initiative, it really fills a unique void. It is that gap, some called it the valley of death, between pioneering research and the day-to-day real world immediate needs of the commodity groups we are funding. And so to get new innovations into practice, there needed to be a vehicle. And I think the insight then to get this done was a very high level of involvement from the stakeholders, as well as targeting these groups. And the groups were ready to do exactly what I described, because it took these teams to really tackle the complex problems. It is a unique project----    Dr. Moyer. Yes.    Mr. Newhouse.--Network?    Dr. Moyer. The National Clean Plant Network, also relatively new, it is part of the effort to make germplasm available to users. It is a program that facilitates the storage--it is like a germplasm repository for cultivars.    Dr. Moyer. There are several centers around the nation; Cornell, Davis, Washington State. They each have responsibilities for specific crops. Again, they are vegetatively propagated crops, as opposed to seed crops. Again, this was a void. There really wasn't----    Dr. Moyer. And so this is a national network. And again, these vegetatively propagated crops tend to be specialty crops.    Dr. Moyer. Extremely critical.    Dr. Moyer. Yes. Eighty percent of our Federal funding in our college comes from USDA. So having the farm bill funded, we are very reliant on those competitive funds. So we are highly dependent on our agricultural and natural resource research on the funding that is authorized by the farm bill.