    Mr. Szubin. Thank you and good morning, Chairman Royce, Ranking Member Engel, distinguished members of the committee. It is a pleasure to be here today and thank you for the invitation.    This is my first appearance, as you noted, before a congressional committee in my new role as Acting Under Secretary for TFI at the Treasury Department.    In my time at Treasury, including 9 years leading the Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, I have devoted the majority of my working hours to building, honing and implementing sanctions on Iran--both executive sanctions and the strong congressional bipartisan sanctions that you all have enacted. So I am particularly appreciative of being able to testify here today on this vital issue.    The global architecture of our sanctions on Iran is unprecedented both in terms of its strength and the international foundations that underpin it. Working together with our partners around the world and with Congress, we have assembled a coalition that has fundamentally altered Iran's economic posture.    As a result, we today have a chance of resolving one of the world's most vexing and persistent security threats. At this critical juncture in the talks, it is important to note that Iran remains under massive strain and has no viable route to an economic recovery without negotiated relief from international sanctions.    This strain is visible across every sector in Iran's economy. First, their financial lifeline--oil. In 2012, Iran was exporting about 2.5 billion--I am sorry, 2.5 million barrels per day of oil to some 20 jurisdictions.    Today, Iran is exporting 60 percent less oil than just 3 years ago to just six jurisdictions. The losses, of course, have been compounded by the steep drop in global oil prices such that Iran's chief revenue source is today bringing in less than one quarter of what it brought in for Iran just 3 years ago.    Just as troubling for Iran is the fact that it can't freely access those revenues. It has a reduced stream of revenues that, thanks to Congress, are going into restricted accounts, either frozen or tied up in banks around the world.    Foreign investment in Iran has dropped precipitously. From 2004 to 2013, as foreign capital was pouring into developing countries, Iran saw an 80-percent drop in foreign investment.    Iran's oil minister recently estimated that Iran's oil, gas and petro-chem sectors will need approximately $170 billion to recover. The Iranian rial has depreciated 52 percent since 2012 and has lost 12 percent of its value just under the JPOA period alone as we have been negotiating.    The IMF for this coming year projects that Iran's economy will enter stagnation, with GDP growth falling to .6 percent. This is the lowest projected rate of any country the IMF looks at in the Middle East and North Africa region, including countries like Afghanistan that sell no oil.    Finally, Iran's banking sector remains isolated and holds a high proportion of nonperforming loans. As you can hear, their economy is under strain, but this sanctions pressure cannot be sustained without work.    Accordingly, over the JPOA period we have worked very intensively to enforce our sanctions. In the past 15 months, we have targeted nearly 100 actors, individuals and companies who were either helping Iran evade sanctions or helping Iran conduct other misconduct.    We have imposed nearly $\1/2\ billion in penalties on companies that were conducting illicit transactions under our Iran sanctions and we will not soften our enforcement of existing sanctions.    Now, as we speak, negotiators are hard at work trying to secure a joint comprehensive plan of action. Regardless of whether or not these negotiations succeed, I want to assure this committee that the Treasury Department and the administration as a whole are prepared for whatever comes next.    If we are able to secure a comprehensive understanding, we will structure nuclear-related sanctions relief in a way that is phased, proportionate and reversible. We will need to see verified steps on Iran's part before sanctions are lifted and we believe that powerful U.S. legislative sanctions should not be terminated for years to come so that we continue to retain important leverage years into a deal.    Alternatively, if we determine that a comprehensive deal with Iran cannot be obtained, the administration, working with Congress, is prepared to ratchet up the pressure. Over the past decade, we have developed very subtle insights into Iran's financial flows, its economic stress points and how it attempts to work around sanctions.    We stand ready to raise the costs on Iran substantially should it make clear that it is unwilling to address the international community's concerns. Of course, while we must prepare for every contingency, we remain hopeful that we can achieve a peaceful resolution to this serious and long-standing threat.    Thank you again for inviting me to appear here today and I look forward to taking your questions.    Mr. Szubin. Yes. Ranking Member Engel, thank you and I will say as well that is a concern we have been keenly focused on.    The truth is the size of the hole that Iran is in, across almost any indicator you look at, is far deeper than the relief that is on the table, even the substantial relief, should Iran make good on all of the commitments that are being set out by the negotiators.    We are talking about a hole that could be described, in one sense, as a $200-billion hole, which are the losses that we assess they have suffered since 2012 due to sanctions.    In just the energy infrastructure, as I mentioned during my opening statement, their minister came out recently and said they need $170 billion just to regain their footing in that sector alone.    The average Iranian has seen steady decreases in their standard of living, decreases in their purchasing power, even since Rouhani came into office, even since the JPOA went into effect.    And so it is going to be a tremendous effort, a years-long effort, for Iran to right itself, and that is not going to happen overnight.    Finally, I just want to reiterate what Deputy Secretary Blinken said. None of our sanctions targeting the nefarious activities that you mentioned are going away. None of those are on the table for discussion.    So with respect to the Quds Force interventions in Yemen and Syria, we--and Hezbollah, very notably, we will continue to pressure any forms of support that we see.    Mr. Szubin. Yes, I am happy to get back to you on that. But my understanding is, first of all, Hezbollah remains front and center in our concerns. I think the director was talking about the immediate front-burner concern that we have with ISIL and that was the focus of his remarks.    But it remains a foreign terrorist organization. It remains very much in the spotlight of our efforts to counter it, to push back on it, to isolate it around the world.    Mr. Szubin. That is correct.    Mr. Szubin. Thank you, Congresswoman.    With respect to the actions we took in the Cuba amendments amending our regulations, I will note that the licensing authority is one that has been drawn on by administrations, Democratic and Republican, over the last decade and I have been involved under both presidencies, and it is an authority that----    Mr. Szubin. Only to add that you are absolutely right to focus on the ability to restore sanctions in the event of a breach. That is something that, obviously, is very much at the forefront of our mind when we look at any possible sanctions relief is, is it reversible.    And it is a trickier question when you talk about U.N. Security Council resolutions where we are obviously not the only member of that council. But we are very focused on that in the negotiations to make sure that if there is a violation there isn't the ability for one country to stand in the way of snapping back those sanctions.    Mr. Szubin. Yes, absolutely. That is very much part of the conversations that we have among the negotiating partners as well as, obviously, the conversations we have with the Iranians, yes.    Mr. Szubin. Thank you, Congressman. If I could take the last part of your question and then----    Mr. Szubin . Actually defer to my colleague.    Mr. Szubin. Sure. So I did not say that they were on their last dollar and, obviously, we are talking about a sophisticated large industrialized country. What I talked about the were indicators of the economic strain on their society and the economic strain is massive.    That doesn't mean that they don't have the thousands of dollars or even hundreds of thousands of dollars to provide to nefarious actors in their region or even in Latin America and, unfortunately, some of this activity, as dangerous as it is, comes cheap.