    Mr. Sires. Thank you to my good friend Chairman Duncan and Chairman Emeritus Ros-Lehtinen for their efforts in bringing attention to the political and humanitarian crisis in Venezuela and to the authoritarian policies of Nicaraguan's President, Daniel Ortega.    I also want to thank my colleagues on the committee and the staff from both sides of the aisle who have worked hard to support the subcommittee's efforts. We are here today to mark up two timely and bipartisan pieces of legislation, working to combat the constant, oppressive tactics of both Maduro and Ortega's regime.    The resolution before us, H. Res. 851, is in response to the deterioration of basic governance and the resulting humanitarian crisis currently taking place in Venezuela. Under Maduro's government, millions of families, women, and children are suffering from severe shortages of essential medicines, fuel, and basic needs. It is frustrating to see the Venezuelan people suffer and struggle to find basic food items when Venezuela is home to one of the world's largest oil reserves and has the potential to prosper.    The crisis in Venezuela has also been exacerbated by widespread public corruption and the alarming level of violence in the country. On the corruption front, dozens of public officials are suspected of involvement in drug trafficking and money laundering. The U.S. Justice and Treasury Departments, as well as DEA, each have ongoing investigations involving Venezuela's officials.    Crime and violence have also reached alarming high levels. According to the U.N. Office on Drug and Crime, Caracas has one of the highest per capita homicide rates in the world at 120 murders per 100,000 citizens. Despite the massive shortages in basic essentials and the resulting violence, Maduro's government refuses to allow humanitarian aid from the international community into the country.    Maduro also has refused to release the more than 80 political prisoners held by his government. These include former Mayor Leopoldo Lopez and Daniel Ceballos and U.S. citizens Josh Holt and Francisco Marquez. In May of this year, the OAS invoked Article XX of the Inter-American Democratic Charter which called on the OAS to assess the situation in Venezuela proving that this is not a U.S. conspiracy as Venezuela falsely tries to claim, but an urgent concern to all of our neighbors in the Western Hemisphere.    H. Res. 851 loudly and clearly voices concern of this Congress regarding the widespread shortages in Venezuela, urging the Maduro government to allow the delivery of international aid and support the current actions taking place in the OAS to restore true democracy to Venezuela.    It is my sincere hope that the administration will aggressively support this resolution and instruct the appropriate Federal agencies to do all they can to hold Venezuela's officials accountable for all the violations of U.S. laws and human rights.    Regarding the authoritarian policies of Daniel Ortega in Nicaragua, I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act. This legislation calls on the U.S. to oppose loans at international financial institutions for Nicaragua until the country takes effective steps to hold free, fair, and transparent elections.    Since coming to the Presidency a decade ago, Ortega has always seen a steady decline in political rights, civil rights, and civil liberties in Nicaragua. For example, in 2009, Ortega circumvented the legislation and had the Supreme Court packed with his supporters eliminate Presidential term limits. In 2011, he won election in an election widely deemed by international and domestic observers as fraudulent. These undemocratic tactics led to the Millennium Challenge Corporation ending its 5-year $175 million compact with the country. Along with its lack of political transparency, Ortega has also refused to demonstrate fiscal transparency. Since 2012, Nicaragua has not met any of the international standards for fiscal transparency.    According to the State Department's 2015 Fiscal Transparency Report, the Ortega administration did not publicly account for its assistance received from Venezuela, nor did it audit the majority of Nicaragua's state-owned enterprises. Such fiscal lapses allow public corruption to thrive.    It has long been the policy of the United States to support the rule of law, an independent judiciary, democracy, and free, fair, and transparent elections.    I believe that H.R. 5708 will help bring these critical elements of freedom and democracy to Nicaragua. If signed into law, the NICA Act will mean that U.S. representatives at the International Financial Institution will oppose all loans or other utilization of funds for Nicaragua unless and until the country takes effective steps to return to a more democratic system, including transparent elections, and greater respect for civil rights.    Again, my thanks to all who have worked on this important piece of legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 851 and H.R. 5708. Thank you.