    Mr. Griffin. Chairman Murphy, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the committee, on behalf of Chief Chuck Jordan and the Tulsa Police Department, thank you for the opportunity to discuss prescription opioid abuse, heroin abuse, and heroin trafficking.    Although heroin abuse and trafficking in Tulsa lags far behind the abuse and tracking of methamphetamine, heroin is trafficked into Tulsa in the same manner as methamphetamine and cocaine, and its abuse leads to similar related criminal activity ranging from petty larceny to armed robbery and even murder.    Narcotics investigators within the Tulsa Police Department know that a large majority of individuals currently addicted to heroin began their drug abuse by abusing prescription drugs. The Tulsa Police Department currently has 751 sworn police officers. TPD believes the focus of drug investigations should be on those individuals who are responsible for trafficking drugs into and through our community rather than on those individuals who are merely addicted to drugs. This is because of our belief that resources are best utilized at the source of the problem rather than on the symptoms of a problem. With that goal in mind, of the 751 sworn officers working for TPD, one investigator is assigned to investigate prescription drug cases within the city. Our lone prescription drug investigator spent the last 20 years investigating prescription drug cases. He believes that Oklahoma has one of the best prescription monitoring programs in the United States. Oklahoma's PMP is real time and allows doctors and pharmacists to quickly access an individual's prescription drug history to evaluate if they are possibly doctor-shopping to gain access to prescription drugs.    If a person gets addicted to opioids, it is not long before they realize that obtaining prescription drugs are harder to access due to Oklahoma's PMP and more expensive than heroin. Because these individuals already are addicted to opioids, the transition to heroin is easier and cheaper.    Heroin trafficking in Tulsa is operated by Mexican drug trafficking organizations. Similar to other drug investigations conducted at the local or state level, the individuals most often arrested and prosecuted are the local dealers and operation leaders. However, the individual profiting most from the illegal distribution of heroin resides in Mexico and is usually beyond prosecution at the state level.    Additionally, and still consistent with other drug investigations, when the individuals at the local or state level are arrested, Mexican DTO simply replaces those individuals with other low-level people within the organization. Therefore, the drug-trafficking organization is able to continue distributing drugs within a community almost uninterrupted.    Data confirms that drug abuse not only provides a demand for drugs to be trafficked into and throughout the United States but also that drug abuse and distribution leads to other crimes occurring in a community. An approach targeting drug trafficking without taking into account a need to prevent drugs from even entering the United States is shortsighted. Prior efforts by law enforcement agencies and state legislators to prevent drug crimes and crimes that occur because of drug dependence and distribution have shown to be successful. For example, reducing the availability of pseudoephedrine has shown to reduce the number of meth labs operating in Oklahoma and other States with similar legislation. This legislation has not only reduced the number of meth labs operating within a state but is also shown to significantly lower associated criminal activity. According to the FBI, no other country in the world has a greater impact on the drug situation in the United States than does Mexico. The FBI states that each of the four major drugs of abuse are either produced in or transported through Mexico before reaching the United States.    Mexican drug-trafficking organizations use numerous methods to smuggle drugs into our country to include aircraft, horses and mules, tunnels, vehicles, and even people walking across the border. Data provided by the DEA shows that the supply of heroin coming from Mexico has increased over the past 5 years and that part of the increase in heroin seizures may be due to the decrease in U.S. demand for Mexican marijuana, which has led Mexican drug farmers to increasingly plant opium poppies in lieu of marijuana.    It is clear that prescription opioid abuse and the related heroin abuse are issues that affect communities across the United States. Without a comprehensive approach to these issues, many people across the county will continue to be affected by these drugs.    The Tulsa Police Department recommends a continuation of the comprehensive approach to drug trafficking currently in place, which relies on coordination among law enforcement agencies, community-oriented policing, intelligence and information sharing, and improved technology. The Tulsa Police Department also encourages additional federal efforts be made to prevent drugs of all kinds from crossing our international borders and finding their way into communities across the United States.    Mr. Griffin. So the barrier, or the goal, of course, in all our drug investigations is, like I said earlier, we are not targeting individuals addicted to drugs. We are going after the people that are hurting other people by supplying drugs and ruining those people's lives. So when you think of methamphetamine, cocaine, heroin, things like that, you are always working up the ladder, so to speak, to get to the biggest drug dealer we can find and almost always that leads us back to the U.S. border with Mexico. Different from that is prescription drugs where in those situations--I hate to use the word ``dealer'' but the dealer in that situation is a doctor or a pharmacist. Ninety-nine-plus percent of those people are law-abiding people doing the right thing for all the right reasons. A very small percentage of them may be taking advantage of the situation.    Even in those situations where it is maybe a rogue doctor or pharmacist, the laws that are set up in Oklahoma make it almost impossible for us to pursue them through the law enforcement for the way that we do cases, so that is part of why we have so few people dedicated to that and so many dedicated to the other major drugs of addiction.    Mr. Griffin. Yes, sir.    Mr. Griffin. We are very successful at it. We have a great relationship with other law enforcement agencies in the area to include DEA and FBI. We are constantly working on cases that cross State boundaries. We are working a very big case right now. Hopefully we will really start moving further down the road within the next week or two, and we already know that that case is an international case that has been operating for a long, long time, not only in the United States but in Oklahoma, and that is a case we will work all the way into Mexico with the help of federal law enforcement agencies.    But even if we were to say we were successful in that operation and get the people that are in Oklahoma and Texas and other places that are making millions of dollars from their illegal distribution of methamphetamine, cocaine, even at that level and we take them off, the drug-trafficking organization is going to replace them and before long they will be right back up and running because it is so easy to smuggle those drugs into our country that if we don't address that issue, I am a hamster on a wheel and just keep spinning.    Mr. Griffin. Methamphetamine is just the biggest drug facing Oklahoma right now.