    Mr. Cleaver. Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Peterson, for having this hearing. And I would thank my colleague David Scott for the vision that he has. You will hear from my esteemed colleagues, the original sponsors of H.R. 6020, on the importance of this legislation and its benefits.    I will just say that this bill is critical if we are to increase the number of African American young people seeking careers in agriculture and agribusiness. When I look back, I happen to have known both of my great-grandfathers. On the Cleaver side, they tend to live into their nineties. My father just reached 94. I had the chance to know them. And on both sides, they were farmers. Henry Barton and the Reverend Noah Albert Cleaver, my great-grandfathers. And my great-uncle was the head of the agricultural department at Prairie View A&M University.    There is an 1890 university in my state, Lincoln University, and we are very proud of it, as I am proud to be a Prairie View A&M graduate, in fact. When my nephew graduated 2 years ago, he made the 15th Cleaver to graduate from Prairie View. And it is a school that has produced two Members of Congress. Some of you probably served with Craig Washington, who filled the seat that is now held by Sheila Jackson Lee of Houston. And many people know of the Gang of Three in New York, one of them Percy Sutton. You see his name almost always associated with Congressman Charlie Rangel. Percy Sutton is a Prairie View graduate, as is Mr. T. Mr. T was a freshman when I was a senior. And Cecil Cooper who, for the baseball fans, played for the Red Sox. And, of course, Otis Taylor and Ken Houston and Jim Kearney and many others were NFL standouts.    Lincoln University in Jefferson City was established at the end of the Civil War by members of the 62nd United States Colored Infantry. It was created to educate freed African Americans. The school was founded on the idea of combining study and labor. In 1890, Lincoln became a land-grant institution, enabling the university to offer industrial and agricultural courses. As one of Missouri's two historically black colleges and universities, Lincoln University has continued to open its doors to a diverse population.    You may be surprised to learn that my close friend, Blaine Luetkemeyer, is a graduate of an HBCU, Lincoln University. And Prairie View A&M University, the first state-supported college in Texas for African Americans, was established during the reconstruction period after the Civil War. It is the second oldest public institution of higher education in Texas.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, and especially to my colleague and friend David Scott.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman. Do I have it correct that both you and David have degrees from land-grant schools?    Mr. Cleaver. Yes. I am a graduate of Prairie View.    The Chairman. And David?    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. And I am a graduate of Florida A&M University.    The Chairman. All right.    Mr. David Scott of Georgia. Go Rattlers.    The Chairman. Mr. Cramer, can you top that, sir?