    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I know we have met before, and again with all full disclosure I was the founder and CEO of a company that operates two level 3 containment labs with a select agent license. So I am very familiar with what you have been doing, and we have been inspected certainly by the CDC and USDA, and I give everyone kudos for the type of inspectors that went out, the thoroughness of them and so forth. And speaking from the private sector, would never have any real concerns on the oversight that I have seen by the CDC and the USDA over private labs.    So my concerns fall into two areas. One, it is very simple to deactivate, inactivate virus, very straightforward especially if you are not trying to protect the RNA or DNA and you are just killing it off. I mean it is simple, straightforward. Hard to imagine anyone would go through that process and ship anything that wasn't inactivated. That would just be, I think, gross negligence.    If you are trying to protect the RNA and DNA that gets a little trickier. And certainly, when you are into anything like bacteria where you could have spores, so you test it. You grow it, you test it, it is inactivated but you have got spores. The spores pop later, germinate. We have had some discussion before. We found it could be months down the road. And I know, Dr. Sosin, you thought it might be days, but our finding was it was months; certainly with tuberculosis we did find that.    So I guess one thing I would urge, and we have talked before, is to have a very, very rigid inactivation procedure for bacteria in particular which can be grown, inactivated, tested, it is inactivated and then subsequently, especially, you know, down the road when the spores pop. So could you maybe speak to that a little bit especially on the bacteria side?    Mr. Collins. I would just encourage you, really, to test that out and look months down the road not days down the road. I mean it can't hurt, and maybe not just anthrax but other things like tuberculosis.    Now the other thing that we have gotten into here, and I suppose maybe just for clarification the committee should know and we all know we ship live virus all the time. You know, that is including Zika and dengue and others. This is not an uncommon thing in the United States today to have private labs including ones I was involved with growing virus and shipping live virus. There is no prohibition against that.    To some extent I get the feeling people think all pathogens should be inactivated and that is just not the way it is. Some researchers need live virus and we rely on safety protocols within the industry. And I think they are very tight, and by and large folks who work in a laboratory in a spacesuit realize how dangerous the materials are they are working with.    But one thing I read here, Dr. Monroe, and I worry a little about when Federal Government wants to compete with the private sector when the private sector is doing things fine. And so today there are technologies I know of where you can treat virus, totally protect the RNA and DNA but inactivate it, patent it, and it would beg the question why the Federal Government wouldn't look to license those technologies as opposed to trying to compete with the private sector and look for funding, as I read here, to establish new inactivation methods for something like Zika where those inactivation methods are already available in the private sector covered by patents that totally protect the RNA and DNA and make it inactive. So why would the Government be looking to do something that is already available in the private sector?    Mr. Collins. Yes. You are aware the private sector can already do this?    Mr. Collins. OK. I would just encourage you to make sure that you know, you look at the private sector options too.    Mr. Collins. Fair enough. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.