    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I appreciate this hearing. And I just wanted to make a quick statement. In your testimony, there's some things I agree with. There's some things that are reminiscent of SOPA. And I just want to state for the Netroots that, to the extent that there are SOPA-like elements, I'm still against them.    I want to talk about the IT system. I agree that the IT system needs to be updated. But I want to talk about the whole idea of having taxpayer money allocated to this function. I realize from your testimony the constraint really has been created by us because of the forward funding. But the USPTO budget is $3.2 billion, and it's 100 percent fees. And it just seems to me that that ought to be the model here. Your budget is much smaller. But there is no reason why the taxpayers should be funding this any more than the taxpayers should be funding the Patent and Trademark Office. I just think that it's possible to do. We have very successful industries in the content area. And I just am eager to work with you to explore that further.    I also want to talk on section 1201. And I was looking up and down the dais here, realizing there's only a few of us left who were actually here when the DMCA was adopted. And 1201 caused me a lot of heartburn at the time. And it still does. And so here is one of the questions I have--and I had then--which is, do you believe that fair use is a defense to circumvention under 1201?    Ms. Lofgren. I agree with you. And it's a major problem. Because without a fair use exception, the digital locks could be used to eliminate a fair use or an otherwise authorized use. Digital locks could be used to perpetuate only monopolistic practices, not content at all. And so I'm hopeful that as you are thinking about 1201, that we think, not just about the exceptions--and I think your idea about forwarding the approval--of prior approval, but as the exemptions have proliferated, I think it tells us something about the underlying defect in the statute.    Now, sometimes when you say this, people assume, well, you're for infringement. I'm not actually for infringement. But I am for eliminating monopolistic practices that hide behind copyright. And I am for not using copyright to cripple technology innovation that has nothing to do with protecting copyright. And I'm also for making sure that the fair use exception is not destroyed through misuse of technology.    Now, I was interested in your cybersecurity exception issue and the need to expand it. In your mind, what would a cybersecurity exception look like? What would it encompass?    Ms. Lofgren. I very much agree. I recently met with some researchers, academically based, and I think they had probably been over to the Copyright Office as well. And they are good guys. They are exploring cybersecurity issues. And to do so, they have to actually do some breaking. And we want them to because we want to find out what the holes are. But they're very concerned. They're a law-abiding group. They don't want to be behind a law violation. Have you set up a group that would help you to think about this exception?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I see my time is about to expire. And the Committee needs to get over to the floor to listen to the Japanese Prime Minister.