    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Marino.    And to the Committee that will be coming in soon and to all of our interested friends that are in the audience. You know, in the Declaration of Independence, our Founders--wait a minute--okay.    Today's hearing culminates the Committee's 2-year-long examination of the Copyright Act, a process that has involved 19 hearings and 99 witnesses. Our current Register of Copyrights here today makes 100 witnesses. It's a particularly fitting occasion that Ms. Maria Pallante, the Register of Copyrights, testifies at this final hearing, as she was the first witness to testify at the beginning of the process. Over the course of this review, we've identified several priorities that I think we should consider. First, if our Nation is to have a strong copyright system, we, in Congress, must restructure the Copyright Office.    The Office examines the Register's copyright claims, records copyrighted documents, and administers statutory licenses. It provides expert copyright advice to Congress as well as various Federal agencies concerning trade agreements, treaty negotiations, and court proceedings. And the Office recommends much needed improvements to the copyright system.    Nevertheless, the existing Copyright Office is ill-equipped financially and structurally to handle certain challenges presented by technological developments and the growing demands of the copyright system. Essentially, the Office needs to modernize and become more user-friendly and efficient.    I thank Ms. Pallante for acknowledging the Office's limitations in her post-hearing response to my February request about her views on reorganizing the copyright letter. Her thorough response included different alternative proposals to help Congress determine how best to approach restructuring the Copyright Office. Now I welcome other stakeholders in the copyright community to submit to us their views and proposals to help bring the Copyright Office into the 21st century.    The 2-year review has highlighted several other areas where the copyright community can find common ground and which Congress should address promptly. A forum to resolve small claims should be established. Fortunately, the Office has already submitted a legislative proposal for addressing the need.    With respect to music licensing, the Office recently issued a report recommending reforms. For me, that's a very important area. Pending actions in the courts and by the Department of Justice will provide additional guidance to Congress as it considers reforming music licensing. The Fair Play Fair Pay Act, H.R. 1733, which I support, is one legislative proposal to address music licensing, the AM/FM royalties for musicians, which is not paid. The issue of orphan works must also be addressed. The Copyright Office will soon be issuing a report which will provide Congress a much needed framework for a legislative solution. As more copyrighted content continues to move to the Internet, current criminal enforcement laws must be updated to deter copyright infringement while encouraging new technological platforms which utilize the licensing copyright.    These are a few of the copyright-related issues that have come to our attention over the last 2 years that Congress should address without delay. For areas which are not ripe and need more detailed discussion, we should request that the Copyright Office issue reports and submit legislative proposals on which we can act in the near term.    And, finally, this review has confirmed that strong copyright protections are integral to a strong and vibrant copyright system. I've noted many times during this Committee's review that we must ensure that the copyright system treats creators fairly and fosters their continuing creativity. Whatever changes Congress makes to the Copyright Act must promote creation among artists and protect their rights. Strong copyright protections will also foster a marketplace for content that consumers will enjoy as well as encourage technological innovation that can be used to watch the content. I thank the Chair for holding today's hearings.    And I welcome and look forward to hearing from Register Pallante.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Chairman Marino.    And I want to congratulate you, Ms. Pallante, you took 35 pages and boiled them down to 10 minutes in a very excellent way.    In your written statement and oral statement, you suggest that there are policy issues that warrant studies and analysis, including section 512, section 1201, mass digitization, and moral rights. I would like the Copyright Office to conduct and complete reports on those policy issues, and we'll work with the Chairman on making a formal request. Is that compatible with all of our discussions and all your writing?    Mr. Conyers. Okay. A strong copyright system requires a strong Copyright Office, obviously. And there's consensus to restructure the Copyright Office to bring it into the 21st century and to strengthen the copyright system. We think it hasn't been given the appropriate attention considering its importance. You already provided a response to my February request for your views on restructuring the Office. And I've got a couple followup questions.    In your letter, you urge Congress to decide soon on the organizational structure of the Office. What kind of a realistic timeline for Congress addressing the restructuring do you have and why?    Mr. Conyers. As soon as possible.    Mr. Conyers. Very good. I'm going to combine my last two questions because I know the light is going to flash. The Copyright Office provides an impartial voice for copyright policy in Congress and the Administration. How would it continue to do so under the different approaches you've suggested as an independent branch? And, finally, how would the different approaches you suggested in your letter affect your Office's future funding? And would this impact fees for the copyright community?    Mr. Conyers. Thank you so much. This is your third time before us. And each time is as good as it gets. And it gets better. I welcome your coming before the Committee so much.    And I appreciate your testimony.    Mr. Conyers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.