    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, I ask--actually, I implore my Republican colleagues to embrace carbon sequestration. I do this every time I get a chance to talk about it. The atmosphere is not a garbage dump, especially in the United States we need to be responsible for what we're putting into the air.    Now, we repeatedly have heard this morning about the manifestations of climate change. These are real, they're getting more severe. Soon enough these impacts are going to be severe enough that the public will demand that high carbon emitters such as coal-fired power plants be shut down, so ignoring the carbon emission problem until that day will condemn the coal industry to extinction. For your own sake, especially if you're a coal mine Republican, please embrace carbon sequestration.    Ms. McCabe, in California we've made significant strides toward increasing our use of renewable energies and cutting our greenhouse gas emissions. California passed legislation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels by the year 2020, and Governor Brown recently set a goal of an additional 40 percent reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by the year 2030. So, when writing the Clean Power Plan, did the EPA look at early State actions as a model, as a potential model?    Mr. McNerney. Good. Well, when creating the final rule did you insure that each State has the flexibility to implement the Clean Power Plan in a way that is most efficient and effective, and also insuring reliability?    Mr. McNerney. Do you believe that the Clean Power rule has given China and India motive to produce their own carbon emission reduction plans?    Mr. McNerney. So even though the Clean Power Plan won't solve the carbon plan by itself, it's given significant impetus worldwide to help other countries reduce their carbon emissions and get the world to a better place in terms of the total carbon emissions that are being produced.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you. How does the final rule address States that may need more time to reach their carbon reduction goals?    Mr. McNerney. And that takes into account the reliability issue. Reliability is certainly an issue I've heard from----    Mr. McNerney . Utilities across the country. They need to make sure that they're not going to be put in a position where they lose power for their customers.    Mr. McNerney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.