    Mr. Perry. Congressman Perry will be fine. Thank you. Thanks to the chairman. Thanks to the panel.    A list of questions here, maybe just all at once, and if you would comment, you know. I understand that we are reportedly in talks with South Korea regarding the reintroduction of nuclear weapons, United States' nuclear weapons onto the peninsula. What is the status of that, if you know? Why wouldn't South Korea be interested?    Regarding the introduction of THAAD, the missile defense interceptor system, why not? Is South Korea concerned that it would be too provocative? Why wouldn't they want that?    Regarding curtailing conventional arms sales, how would that be done? Again, you know, I have been listening, as everybody else has, the whole time saying, ``Why aren't we doing this?'' And you folks are the experts and you don't know, but maybe you can give me some insight into that.    And regarding increasing the pressure on their human rights atrocities, which are just unimaginable to me, what is the best way? What is the best way to do that? And from my standpoint, I, like you folks, don't understand at all why we are not imposing these financial sanctions out of hand, like with your morning coffee. To me, the President should just sign that and on with--and move on to the next terrain feature, but that is my perception.    What would be the response to some of these things from our allies and trading partners in the region? Thank you.    Mr. Perry. If I can interrupt you, is there a downside risk? Because I don't see a whole lot of downside risk. I understand that there is no commitment to going the upside, and you might expend some capital or whatever. I just don't see any--like what do we lose by doing this?    Mr. Perry. Yes. I think we just continue to reward bad behavior. And as much as the Chinese are I think doing a delicate dance with their economy and their political system, at the end of the day I think that it serves their purpose to have North Korea remain communist or totalitarian. They are communists at their heart, and that is what they want to maintain.    And with all due respect to South Korea and the President, I understand what she is trying to get to. But at their heart, they are communists, and that is who they are.    But thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the hearing.    Mr. Perry. The question I have is, what is it going to take?    Mr. Perry. And that is scary.