    Ms. CORSINI. Thank you.    Ms. CORSINI. Thank you.    Ms. CORSINI. Good afternoon, Chairman Chabot, Ranking Member Velazquez, Subcommittee Ranking Member Meng, and other distinguished members of the Subcommittee. It is a pleasure to testify before you today on SBA's International Trade Program. My name is Toni Corsini, and I work as the export finance manager for SBA covering the five boroughs of New York, Long Island, West Chester, Mid-Hudson, Eastern Upstate New York, and the State of New Jersey, for SBA's export financing programs.    As you know, the opportunities for small business exports continue to grow with small businesses accounting for nearly 34 percent of all U.S. export dollars in 2014, up from 29 percent in 2006. But while opportunities exist, the sale will never take place if a company lacks the capital to be able to fund the transaction. So while the SBA is more broadly involved in ensuring that small businesses have the information and training they need to get export ready, and in ensuring that firms have access to market opportunities by making sure that critical rules are included in trade agreements, my division works primarily to ensure that companies have the capital they need to develop new markets and to compete successfully in those markets.    In terms of connecting small exporters with new markets, we've seen great progress through the State Trade and Export Promotion Program--you probably know it at as STEPP--through which SBA provides competitive grants to States to support their small business exporters. I'm pleased that both New York State and New Jersey took advantage of this grant program last year, and currently are operating with grants of $664,000 for the State of New York, and $498,000 for the State of New Jersey. Both States help support companies attending overseas trade shows, for example, where they can meet new prospective agents and distributors.    With regards to financing, SBA has three targeted loan programs that can take a small business from early stage exporter to one that needs to expand due to export success. Very briefly, I would like to describe the three loan programs.    As you know, Congress made the Export Express Program permanent in the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010, with a 90 percent guarantee to lenders up to $350,000 and a 75 percent guarantee on loans up to $500,000. Proceeds can be used to fund any export development activity, including attending foreign trade shows, translating literature, product modifications, et cetera, as well as financing early transactions and for equipment and real estate used in the production of goods and services for export. This is a delegated lender program, meaning that SBA provides expedited approval for such loans typically within 36 hours.    Secondly, the Export Working Capital Program provides a 90 percent guarantee on loans up to $5 million which can finance the entire export transaction cycle from purchase order to collections. These are loans that my office helped structure and underwrite working directly with lenders throughout my territory.    Thirdly, if a company becomes successful and needs to expand its plant and equipment as a result of increasing export sales, SBA can provide a 90 percent guarantee on an international trade loan, a term loan that can fund permanent working capital up to 10 years, and real estate up to 25 years to ensure that the company can expand and remain competitive in global markets.    Although any SBA loan can support an exporter, we feel these three targeted loan products have been very successful in being able to take a small business from the early stages of developing foreign to helping them expand due to export success. In Fiscal Year 2015, SBA approved 1,777 loans to exporters for over $1.4 billion. Of those, 547 loans were one of the three core loans mentioned above for $730. Both categories of loans were records for SBA, even during a year when overall U.S. exports decreased 4.8 percent. In my territory alone, 96 loans were made to small business exporters totaling $67 million, which were estimated to have supported over $100 million in export sales.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak with you today about SBA's export finance programs, and I would be happy to take any of your questions.    Ms. CORSINI. The most common problem continues to be really capital access. My interaction is directly with the lenders, and I obviously get many phone calls, and I interact on a regular basis with the small businesses. And in some instances, the small businesses are not really prepared to sit down with the lenders, traditional lenders, so certainly we work in conjunction with all the SBDCs and SCORE. I cannot tell you how many times I get phone calls from people that really do not do not have a business structured. So sometimes it is a matter of just kind of giving them guidance and helping them.    One of the tools that I thought was very good that SBA put in the internet a couple of years ago is the Export Business Planner, which is an online tool. It is free to everyone. Anyone can go into it. It is just www.sba.exportbusinessplanner. It guides them so that if they have not thought of the structure they need, it gives that to them.    Once they have gone past that, once they have a company and all that, it is really getting the financing from the commercial lenders. Our programs are very good. Our SBA programs are very good. But we cannot really direct the strategy at the lenders, so unless they are willing and able to offer the programs, it is a bit of a challenge for us as well.    Of course, banks are structured at different levels for their lending. For instance, we might have the Export Express Program, which is a very good program, but it is the lower end. The banks do not want to dedicate resources, or they may feel that that is a lower end of a client that they are really not looking for.    I was very happy when I joined government in the SBA because within short order the maximum went from $1.5 to $5 million. I was thrilled because that meant that I could actually have the dialogue with commercial lenders, and that was kind of the lower end of commercial lending, but it gave a great opportunity. Anything we can do to encourage the lenders to open up the availability to capital, to the exporters, is really the key to this.    Ms. CORSINI. Yes, the whole State.    Ms. CORSINI. We are working with the lenders, so that is the core. In other words, I do not have statistics specifically on the companies because we are working with our approved preferred lenders, and we are working to try to get more lenders to offer the three export programs specifically that I represent. That is my core role.    Ms. CORSINI. Oh, of course. Of course. Of course.    Ms. CORSINI. Yes. Well----    Ms. CORSINI. I cannot really say that for certain, but we can presume. What I would say is certainly if a company is credit worthy to begin with and now they have export opportunity, they can get their financing for that. They would not need the Government Guarantee Program. The Government Guarantee Program, as we try to advance it, is to encourage the lenders to use that as a tool to sell it internally to their internal credit committee and to go forward.    You understand, as I am sure you do, that U.S. banks do not like foreign receivables. A company that has either, you know, 80 or 90 percent foreign sales is not going to be considered, a comfortable risk, if you will, from the banking committee. That is definitely where our guarantee programs come in.    But with respect to a financially sound company that now has export opportunity, they can get the funding directly on a traditional level from the lender.    Ms. CORSINI. Why do you not go first, and then I will----    Ms. CORSINI. Yeah. The benefit of the U.S. Export Assistance Center, which you mentioned and where I belong actually here locally is really, especially here in New York we have all three agencies, sister agencies represented. So the companies have the benefit of getting connected with the resources from the Commerce Department, which we have at the U.S. Export Assistance Center, with small business for financing, and then certainly with Ex-Im Bank. We work in conjunction, all three of us. We have a standing joke every time we go out to do a presentation because we know the sequence of how this is going to take.    The company can identify through the Commerce Department warm leads with respect to their gold key services. We can help them with the financing through our export programs and participating lenders. Then certainly if they want to be competitive and want to sell on an open account basis, we work in conjunction with Ex-Im Bank to provide the credit insurance.    It is kind of a one-stop-shop, which was the concept originally, and they do have the benefit of that. Each time that there is an outreach, whether it is coordinated by the Commerce Department, or Ex-Im Bank, or even SBA, we do work in concert to try to give the small businesses the advantage to know that these resources are there and available to them.    For me personally, I do a lot of seminars and things of that nature, and certainly I work with our SCORE counterparts and with the SBDCs in the territory that I cover.    Ms. CORSINI. Absolutely.    Ms. CORSINI. Right. Right. Right.    Ms. CORSINI. Well, in my own personal experience outside of government all the years that I spent in banking, kind of echoing what has been said, there is a fear factor. There is an uncomfortable factor in that this is a big country, so a lot of people are accustomed to just dealing from the East Coast to the West Coast. If something goes wrong, oh, they call their attorney and they can sue, and everything is going to turn out all right. They do not have to worry about possibly dealing with a foreign language, dealing with distance or things of that nature.    Just as an aside, many times what we tell people just to give them a comfort level, you want to start small. Start with Canada. It is just over the border. They are very nice people.    They like us. It is that fear factor. Again, to echo what was said by my colleague here, a small company does feel and they have a preconceived notion that international business is really for the big guys, not for the small companies. It is an inbred mindset here in the United States.    In other countries, as you know, the borders are very close. The countries are very close. It is just a given you are always trading with another country. But here, because of the way we are structured, they fear what they do not, and they feel that their company is going to be injured. So it is up to us to try to break that.    Ms. CORSINI. Absolutely. Absolutely.    Ms. CORSINI. What I see here is that there is a wealth of opportunities out there.    Ms. CORSINI. Right. Right.    Ms. CORSINI. Well, again, the outreach is one that is combined. In other words, the product that someone might have has to be determined whether or not it is a product that will sell and what markets it might sell into. If a company calls me and contacts me and they are just beginning, just to repeat, I work in conjunction with the Commerce Department and direct them to the local office. With respect to any specific outreach, at least once or twice within like a quarter, I am doing a seminar either on the programs, the SBA programs, or specifically on the methods of payment, which was mentioned by my colleague here, so that they get a sense, whoever signs up for these things. They are usually all free.    They get a sense that they can do the business. They will get paid. You know, their company will not be injured, and that there are resources that they can turn to so that they can get themselves together. Outreach is really the key with respect to seminars and things of that nature. I mean, the Federal government does not advertise. If we were, doing commercials it would be a little bit----    Ms. CORSINI. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--where people look like me and Grace, they read all those local papers. Do you use those newspapers to publish information so that they learn how to connect with you and SBA----    Ms. CORSINI. Well, everything is on the Web----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--trade promotion programs that exist?    Ms. CORSINI. Yeah, of course. Everything is on the Web site, on the SBA Web site. I do not know of anything directly in the regional papers here, but everything is on the website.    Ms. CORSINI. Yeah, actually I do have that. Let me just get my details here. There were some statistics given to me for SBA overall. SBA saw an 8.1 increase in all loans to exporters with an 8.9 percent increase in loan volume to $1.45 billion that we spoke about from $1.34 billion in 2014. So that is 2015 figures versus 2014.    Ms. CORSINI. Actually the export loans range about $800,000 to $1.3 million for the export loans. That is outside of not 7(a) or 504 or anything like that. It is just the export loans.    Ms. CORSINI. Those are guaranteed, yeah. Those are the type of loans that I discussed, yes.    Ms. CORSINI. I'm sitting in the U.S. Export Assistance Center, so my colleagues there and I, we are partners.    Ms. CORSINI. You know, we are all partners. All three agencies are partners in the U.S. Export Assistance Center. By relationship, actually when I first joined, since we only had a $1.5 million cap, if we had to put a loan for, let us say, $2 million, we had to borrow, if you will, some of that ability via a co-borrowed loan with Ex-Im Bank. But once we had the $5 million cap, we did not have to rely on that anymore.    We work very closely for the credit insurance feature, and there is a 25 percent reduction in premium to the exporters if they get an SBA loan and they get the credit insurance from Ex-Im Bank. That is reciprocal.    Ms. CORSINI. Reauthorized, yes.    Ms. CORSINI. Well, I just want to mention, the SBA Web site is also in Spanish, so there is a whole component in Spanish. I do not know if there are any other languages on the table, but it is definitely English and Spanish.    Ms. CORSINI. You would have to talk to the administrator about that. I am not privy to that kind of information.    Ms. CORSINI. The only thing I would say in general terms is that statistically it is has been shown that usually with either bilateral or multilateral agreements, U.S. exports do go up. Companies do find opportunities that perhaps they did not have before, or they see that the opportunities are a little bit easier to sell their products to those particular countries. I think I will just leave it at that.    Ms. CORSINI. The programs themselves you are talking about.    Ms. CORSINI. Well, I guess----    Ms. CORSINI. Well, my response is going to be very personal because I do work with all three programs. I would say initially I do not really understand, and my colleagues have not really explained the historical aspect to me, as to why our Export Express Program needs to have a division. 350,000 has a 90 percent guarantee, and the full 500,000 is a 75 percent guarantee.    I do not really understand why that is necessary. The banker in me says, well, is it 90 or is it 75? Just make it a full 90 up to 500,000. Also, the 5 million that we have, it would be nice if somewhere along the line we could raise that.    Ms. CORSINI. Oh, understood. Understood. I have been there. But what I am saying is if the smaller one was structured in a way that perhaps was a little bit more acceptable to the lenders, that lower end would be taken care of. That is the level that you are concerned about. And then that would also raise the amount that the commercial lenders could deal with if it was just a little bit higher. I am not saying a lot. Just a little bit, you know, maybe from $5 to $7 or somewhere down the line maybe $5 to $10 at maximum. But at least a little bit. That lower end is not really being served.    Now, SBA for the past 3 Fiscal Years has----    Ms. CORSINI. Mm-hmm.    Ms. CORSINI. Is the lower end.    Ms. CORSINI. That is right.    Ms. CORSINI. Right.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--if you qualify to get $5 million.    Ms. CORSINI. Well, the ones we see, of course, have accounts receivable that are foreign, so that is the key for the American lending institutions. They are not comfortable with foreign receivables. So, yes, they need the guarantee in order to internally get that approval that they need. SBA has had loans of $150,000 for the past 3 years that have been free of any fees to the lenders and to the borrowers. And there was a definite spike in that regard upward, upward, you know?    Again, my concern has always been that we cannot really strategize for the lenders. We cannot go in and dictate their strategy. So anything that either we can do or----    Ms. CORSINI. I think Congress has leverage.    Ms. CORSINI. Again, I spent many years in banking, so----    Ms. CORSINI. Right.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--so, I, too, spend a lot of time with the banking sector.    Ms. CORSINI. If you could, you could possibly push them a little bit to open up their strategy and be more receptive to our programs, and be able to put them on their books. Their internal strategy is given to what the return is to shareholders, so we all know that. Unfortunately, the small businesses are caught in the middle of that.    So, yes, we do this every day, you know, day in and day out trying to push the lenders and advance our programs. But in the end, the banking is a business for themselves, too, so it is unfortunate.    Ms. CORSINI. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--and the amount of loans, you know, the volume of loans, is that spread out throughout the nation, or do you see a higher concentration in metropolitan areas?    Ms. CORSINI. Well, for the loans, if we are talking about export loans----    Ms. CORSINI. Was it really that bad?    Ms. CORSINI. Thank you.