    Dr. Gosar. Thank you very much. Thank you, Secretary Jewell, for showing up today.    You were in private practice, right? The private sector, right?    Dr. Gosar. You were a CEO at REI, I believe.    Dr. Gosar. So, would you make the analogy with me that you are the CEO of Interior?    Dr. Gosar. OK. I am going to ask you a series of questions.    Is it true that the Animas and San Juan Rivers run through parcels of land owned by the Department of the Interior's Bureau of Land Management?    Dr. Gosar. Is it true that the Animas and San Juan Rivers run through the reservation of the Navajo Nation and the Southern Ute Tribe?    Dr. Gosar. OK.    Dr. Gosar. Is it correct that the Animas flows into the San Juan River, which contains critical habitat for two species of fish, the Colorado pikeminnow and the razorback sucker, that are both listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act?    Dr. Gosar. Is it true that the Bureau of Reclamation increased its releases from the Navajo Dam to try to dilute the spill?    Dr. Gosar. Is it correct that all areas I just listed fall under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior?    Dr. Gosar. The answer is yes. OK. So, as a CEO, you have a responsibility here. I have heard it over and over again. The gentleman from Virginia alluded to, ``Well, these weren't intentional.'' Does it matter if it is intentional or unintentional?    Dr. Gosar. Oh, liability-wise? No. Oh, no. You ought to know that as CEO of REI; and you ought to know that as CEO of Interior. It does not matter because, as the gentleman before us cited about a backhoe and someone going to prison, the matter of that issue is, yes, it is unintentional, but there is still a consequence here. I hope you understand the frustration we have here, because we are talking about water quality over here, and I am talking about my veterans having it worse off because of bureaucratic nightmares for their health care.    The bureaucracy does not take care of itself, because it holds nobody accountable. So, as the CEO of Interior, you had a claim here, because of these affected areas. Let me ask you the question then--do you feel that you are an independent source for review of what transpired in this case?    Dr. Gosar. As an independent source that you looked at this, why weren't you in immediate responses to these affected areas? You, personally.    Dr. Gosar. I am glad you said that, because we had Navajo President Russell Begaye here, who contradicts you on that application. In fact, he has testified before this committee about the lack of meaningful response from the Federal agencies following that disaster. I mean he noted it, specifically. So, I disagree again, and once again go back to the CEO of Interior.    You also make mention that you did not arrive at the site until November, right? You came out personally to look at some of the areas in November.    Dr. Gosar. You haven't been?    Dr. Gosar. OK. And what about the affected sites?    Dr. Gosar. Got you. The other side has also talked about abandoned mines. I know you, through your past CEO application, have resources and you try to magnify those resources. In your written testimony, you gave a very small blurb about the Good Samaritan cleanup. I want to highlight that, because I do not think we paid enough attention here. I think the gentlelady from Wyoming highlighted some of the abuses of the funds, and stuff like that.    But my question is--when a mining company actually uses the Good Samaritan law, are they not under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior and EPA to do it as--fundamentally reclaim property?    Dr. Gosar. And you know what? I am ashamed of that, because this is a resource that the mining companies have wanted to utilize; but bureaucrats have feigned that, because we are going to go in and do everything according to the book when you have stuff on site that they would actually do it.    I would look at Resolution Copper, in which they have mitigated a claim. They have invested almost a billion dollars to do that. I think you owe it, as a CEO of Interior, to look at the Good Samaritan law and use that application to find and magnify it.    I yield back, sir.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Labrador.