    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Chairman Loudermilk, and I appreciate your extensive detailing of these breaches.    Defending against cyber threats is a persistent and evolving battle, and the cyber hazards that confront the public and private sectors come in various forms. Hackers can and have wreaked havoc on Hollywood studios, global financial institutions, retail outlets, and public agencies alike, and no one seems immune from the various cyber threats that touch virtually everyone.    Please forgive a certain amount of redundancy in my statement. It's important that we have both parties on record here.    In case of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, they suffered from seven major cyber incidents in the past 7 months, and these breaches include plugging removable media such as a USB drive into an FDIC computer and removing thousands of sensitive financial and other records from the agency as employees walked out the door. We'll be focusing on two of these breaches today, as well as the FDIC's cybersecurity practices.    I'm glad the FDIC has installed new software that allowed them to identify these recent breaches and respond to them. Without that technology, known as data loss prevention tool, these incidents, whether inadvertent or intentional, would have gone unnoticed and unaddressed, and we in Congress would have remained uninformed. And I believe the FDIC Chairman has taken some positive steps in the wake of these breaches, phasing out the use of removable media such as flash drives and CDs that pose increased security risks.    However, I, along with our Chairman, do have questions about why there was such a long delay in notifying Congress about major cyber incidents, particularly the one that occurred last October and was not reported to Congress until February 26, 2016. And in that instance, it took a memo from the FDIC Inspector General's Office to the FDIC CIO reminding the agency that they had an obligation to report the incident to Congress.    I would add that the IG was not the only one suggesting the FDIC notify Congress of the incident. It's my understanding that other FDIC employees had also recommended reporting this to Congress earlier.    In addition, I believe that the new OMB guidance on federal information security and privacy management requirements, as detailed in the OMB memo 16-03 last October, is very clear. If it takes 8 hours or more to recover sensitive data that comprises 10,000 or more records or affects 10,000 or more people, it is considered a major cyber incident.    Under these guidelines, once an agency is aware that a breach meets that criteria, the incident should be considered a major breach and must be reported to Congress within 7 days. This did not happen in either of the two cases this hearing will focus on or the other five that the FDIC just reported to the Committee this week, and I'm still unclear why.    In the October incident, the breach included records from eight banks, more than 40,000 individuals, and 30,000 entities, including the sensitive bank currency transaction reports and Social Security numbers. Despite the OMB requirement that agencies inform Congress of major incidents within 7 days, FDIC notified Congress nearly 3 months after it had enough data to determine that this was a major breach.    I hope that Mr. Gross, the Chief Information Officer at FDIC, can help explain FDIC's decision to delay notifying Congress in that October incident, and I hope also that you'll be able to help us understand the agency's characterization of the incident, which appears to be at odds with some of the information obtained by the Committee. I know the Inspector General has looked at the October incident and the FDIC's response, so I look forward to Mr. Gibson's testimony as well.    As a business owner, we have a very important responsibility to protect our customer data, which includes Social Security numbers, cell phones, emails, personal addresses, and we do all we can to protect them, especially when an employee leaves, because we know that this has value to the employee in a different role. And we're just a business. We're not the government controlling these really sensitive government records. So this is a very important issue.    And, Mr. Gross, I understand you just arrived at the FDIC in November, and the CIO's office has suffered from a lack of consistent leadership. You're the fourth CIO in the last four years. I hope that you'll be able to bring some stability to this office, and equally important is I hope that you'll help us establish a solid foundation of reliability and openness with Congress and that you'll strive to do that as well.    So thank you both for being with us today, and we look forward to the questioning.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thanks again to the witnesses.    Mr. Gross, are you aware--to follow up on Chairman Loudermilk's questions--of any documents requested by the Committee that you have not submitted yet?    Mr. Gross. No, sir, I'm not aware of any.    Mr. Beyer. So at this point if anything's missing, you'd be happy to provide it?    Mr. Gross. Yes, sir, I will.    Mr. Beyer. And I hope--are you willing to have your--you and your staff carefully go through Mr. Gibson's documents to make sure that anything he provided that you didn't that you affirm its value or its legitimacy? I'm trying to get--you pointed out that one reason the stack of documents are so different was there's many duplications, things provided again and again in Mr. Gibson's documents. I think what the Chairman is concerned about is, is there anything Mr. Gibson provided that you didn't?    Mr. Gross. I understand. I can go through the material and review that and provide you any additional information that you may need or want. I haven't had a full opportunity to review the material, as he's indicated. I received it at 10 o'clock yesterday.    Mr. Beyer. So we're 24 hours away. So--but you're willing to do the reconciliation?    Mr. Gross. Yes, sir, I am.    Mr. Beyer. Great. Great.    The employee in the October breach reportedly left the FDIC on good terms. She was seeking new employment at the time, and she currently works for a foreign financial firm. Furthermore, she initially denied that she had downloaded the information. She resisted turning over the device to the FDIC, and we understand she was having personal problems at home, she was going through a divorce, she was living in a hotel room. All these factors highlight increased security risks, not mitigating factors, especially as outlined by the FBI and the U.S. counterintelligence community, as this brochure ``The Insider Threat'' details.    Were these facts known by the Data Breach Management Team when the incident was being analyzed for risk of harm?    Mr. Gross. All the circumstances surrounding the incident was known by the Data Breach Management Team. I'd like to even go back further and state that we--personally, I make a concerted effort to be very transparent in all the activities that we have within the security realm. This incident, when it occurred, it actually occurred prior to the promulgation of the OMB guidance, so it was in fact reported in 2015 in our annual FISMA report.    It was my encouragement to the staff that we knew that the policy had come out as we were reviewing this incident, and I asked that they apply the standard of the policy to the incident. So we fully understood the circumstances surrounding it, yes, and we applied the standard to the incident to ensure that we were being responsive. But it had already been reported as part of our FISMA submission.    Mr. Beyer. Okay. So let me break these up. On the one hand, you're arguing that the 7-day didn't apply because the OMB guidance didn't come out until January, but the greater concern is whether it was low risk, moderate risk, or high risk. And we know that this person had gone to work for a foreign bank, had initially denied downloading, refused to turn over the drive, and was going through a lot of personal problems. Don't all those elevate the sense of risk that your--the breach team would consider and that you would consider as CIO?    Mr. Gross. I considered all the factors associated with the incident. We weighed all the factors. But I would say even if an individual leaves their employment with the Federal Government, we leave with not only potentially material that on removable media, we leave with corporate knowledge. And we still trust that the individuals leaving federal service is going to protect not only that digital media that they may take, but the corporate information they may take in their head. So that had to be weighed as to what risk of harm did the information that this individual inadvertently download pose.    And yes, we considered what type of employment she may have been seeking outside the organization and other factors, and we deemed that the incident was in fact low.    Mr. Beyer. In your testimony on page 4 you talk about that your initial judgment in all these incidents didn't rise to the level of the major incident as defined by OMB guidelines. But the OMB guidelines talked about 8 hours to restore the data, more than 10,000 records affected. Weren't more than 10,000 records affected in virtually every one of these cases?    Mr. Gross. Yes, sir, they were. Several of these incidents just barely met the threshold that we just retroactively reported.    I think the larger issue is not only does the policy say that there's time-specific parameters for reporting, but it also says in the very end of the document that it's left to the discretion of the agency to determine if in fact the agency has sufficient information to determine if the incident rises to the level of a major. That was considered as part of the review of the policy and the incident.    Mr. Beyer. I don't want to harp on this too much, but you'll forgive us if there's a certain amount of skepticism of seven different people downloading information just as they're leaving that affects more than 10,000 records, and none of them seem to rise to the level of major incident.    Mr. Gross. Well, it's--in--from my perspective it's not a question of whether or not we're going to report. The agency has no relief in reporting. The issue that we were looking at was what was the time frame that the reporting was required. If there's a 7-day notification or a 30-day notification or if it's included in the annual FISMA report, you'll find that the FDIC is very responsive. And if you review our FISMA report, you will find that we report all incidents. There is no incidents not reported.    Mr. Beyer. One more question right on this part of it. You said that in each of these cases the downloading was inadvertent.    Mr. Gross. Yes, sir.    Mr. Beyer. Once again, I have a hard time understanding how you could inadvertently download 10,000 customer records or bank records.    Mr. Gross. The individuals involved in these incidents were not computer proficient. We have policies in place that will allow the FDIC IT staff to assist you when you're departing the organization to copy down things that you may have collected over your long tenure with the agency, specifically, photographs or your personal resume.    The fact that they were not computer proficient, if you go in and you don't copy the material and do it as a targeted copying of that information, you could in fact inadvertently copy the entire hard drive. So if you insert and you do the copy and not being proficient in the technology, you may take more data than what you intended.    Mr. Beyer. I would certainly hope as you--you talked about the many steps going forward. I think a major step going forward would be to make sure that all that personal information isn't on their computers and that there isn't a way to download an entire--I just--I'm glad you're making progress because all of this sort of boggles the mind that somebody could go in and download an entire disc or all the information that the FDIC has on record about companies and individuals.    Mr. Gross. Well, sir, I arrived at FDIC in November. As you see from my resume, I've been in federal service to this country for 39--actually, it'll be 40 years in July. I'm an IT professional, and there were several areas that I focused on immediately upon arriving, one of which was removable mobile media, as well as the elimination of the need for being able to do that as a common business practice.    Mr. Beyer. Great. Great. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Gross. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gibson, in your testimony you said that the memorandum that you had prepared on February 19 this year to the Chief Information Officer was marked privileged and for official use only, and it was later leaked, which is how come we know about it. Why wasn't it public in the first place? And what's the argument for keeping something like that from the public?    Mr. Beyer. In the seven incidents we're talking about that the FDIC and the CIO have all determined were inadvertent, does the decision--or the determination of inadvertency make it more difficult for you to pursue criminal charges?    Mr. Beyer. Great. Thank you.    Mr. Gross, one of the things I want to be clear about, too, because you've mentioned a number of times your distinguished 39-year career in the military and the federal office, and we thank you for that and thank you for your service. But I just want to also clarify that the hearing is not about your remarkable career but rather about what's going on with the FDIC right now.    In your attempt to remove the mobile media devices down to 50 percent and rolling out ETS, how then will examiners share data if the mobile devices are gone?    Mr. Gross. We're identifying technology solutions that will allow them to exchange information. As I said, since arriving, I've been looking at the business practices that we have within the organization trying to identify other solutions that will allow us to conduct our business without exposing the data.    Mr. Beyer. Which will include not being able to email the data back and forth?    Mr. Gross. That's correct. We currently monitor email, and we have the ability to manage or prevent email exchange. But in the case of mobile media, it--just as it says, the ability for a person to move it from point A to point B is quite easy.    Mr. Beyer. I want to clarify one thing you said earlier, and I'm confused. So in the OMB guidance, on the one hand, if it affects more than 10,000 records, it triggers the 7-day response. You also said that it's your classification, major, minor, intermediate, that determines 7-day, 30-day, annual disclosure. Are those in conflict? Do you really have the discretion as CIO to determine what's major and what's not major and therefore what--or, to be specific--because something released 11,000 records and you still determine it not major?    Mr. Gross. Actually, sir, in the incidents that we've reported, we have several in there that just barely meets the bar. I believe there's a couple that are 13,000 records. The policy is a--it provides some guidance to the agency to consider in making a determination of, one, the significance of an event. So you can have an incident and it's not considered a major in that the surrounding issues around the incident doesn't warrant the 7-day reporting.    Mr. Beyer. Even though it has more than 10,000 records?    Mr. Gross. In----    Mr. Beyer. Is the 10,000 records threshold not de facto sufficient----    Mr. Gross. I----    Mr. Beyer. --for the 7-day reporting?    Mr. Gross. I believe it draws a bright line, and that bright line is that--is what we're following now. But I believe what happens is it creates an environment where you're reporting everything and--as a major, and then you run the risk that if you have a significant event, it would be--it may be overlooked. But the policy clearly says it leaves to the discretion of the agency if there's significant enough information to warrant reporting as a major.    Mr. Beyer. Okay.    Mr. Gross. But I want to be clear, there's not a question of if the incident is reported. It is reported. The question is in what time frame is it reported.    Mr. Beyer. Well, and I--I'd ask you, please, to listen carefully to this, too, because if anything over 10,000 constitutes so many reports that it's noise, we have a much bigger problem. We should have very few incidents ever that have more than 10,000 records.    Mr. Gross. I would hope, sir, that we get to zero. My goal by removing the mobile media where we have seen these incidents occur is that we have better management of control of our data. But as you--if you read through the incidents, our employees are fully aware of their requirements of reporting, so we're focused today on removable media.    But on a day-to-day basis, you may have employees that may inadvertently have access to information that was unintended. That could be they saw--they looked at a file share that was online where the permissions may not have been removed. Is that a major? Well, there may be 10,000 records in that file share that they inadvertently saw during that period of time, but was it during the normal course of their business so it's not reported as a major, but we still report it as an incident in our FISMA report.    Mr. Beyer. You say that in determining whether major, minor incident, that you used their signed statements, their affidavits to determine that the information has not been disseminated. That seemed to put an awful lot of trust into one signed statement. Are there any other steps you did, tests to see whether any of these records had leaked out, had been sold, had been contacted? For example, the FEC assaults its FEC reports with fake names so they can determine whether somebody else has pulled it off the internet and used it inappropriately.    Mr. Gross. We do have a forensic review that we conduct on the device once it's returned. One, we can identify if the device that was returned is in fact the device that was used to make the copy. We can also examine the files that are on the document to ensure that we've in fact recovered all of the information that was exfiltrated onto the device originally. But in addition to that, we can determine the last time the files were opened or accessed.    There are limitations to what we can do with the forensics, but it gives us a better perspective as to what happened to the data from the time it was downloaded to the device to the time the device was returned to the organization.    Mr. Beyer. Is there any way to determine whether that data was downloaded into another computer or sent to someone else?    Mr. Gross. We have limited capabilities in our forensic that we can determine some things but we have to rely on the fact that the employee's assertion that it has not been disseminated beyond themselves is important.    Mr. Beyer. Yes. Once again, I fear that that's going to be too low a bar. But let me move on.    Is the--on the personal information, Ms. Lofgren from California pointed out how probably important it is that the personal information be in fact de minimis, and if it's de minimis, there should be very little that needs to be taken off.    I served four years in State Department, and at the end didn't need to download a single thing. I did have to go delete emails to my wife as to what time I was coming home for dinner but nothing else beyond that. And it's sort of hard to imagine that I would need it--after serving four years that there--or even 30 years that there's much that you'd need to take off the computer.    Mr. Gross. By implementing the procedures that we have in place for preventing the downloading of the material to mobile media, what that does is put us in a position that if an employee in fact does want to download information, we in fact have to intervene and do that with them on their behalf. So I believe we'll be able to meet that bar that she's indicated where we should be.    We want to make sure that if the employee does have information that they may have created through de minimis use of the device, creating of a resume or other material, that in fact they can take that. But by eliminating their ability to download it, I believe we're in a better position to manage that.    Mr. Beyer. Okay. One last question. On the October breach you made the determination that it couldn't be classified as a major incident, but you have the DBMT, the Data Breach Management Team. And they all have a--are they simply advisory or do they have a vote in determining what's a major and what's a minor event?    Mr. Gross. It's not a voting body. All of the representatives on the group--as I said, the Inspector General sits on the group. We have a representative from each of the program areas where the incident may have occurred. They provide a recommendation based on the information to the CIO of whether or not it's a breach, but they also make other recommendations of things that should be considered as part of the review process.    Mr. Beyer. Do you remember whether the--what recommendation the DBMT made in response to the October incident?    Mr. Gross. I'm not sure the--when you say October incident, is that the Florida incident? That's the one we refer to as----    Mr. Beyer. The original one, yes.    Mr. Gross. --the Florida incident. I believe it was recommended that it was a breach but it was low risk.    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Have you been in the position yet of having to make a determination that differed from what the DBMT recommended?    Mr. Gross. No, I don't believe so. And I want to be clear is that the DBMT doesn't meet once. So on the surface it may appear that these incidents may have lingered on or we were nonresponsive. In fact, the DBMT meets on a number of different times during an incident as additional information becomes available, but I don't know of any incidents where I have been in--I've had a difference of opinion of what came out of the     Mr. Beyer. All right. Thank you, Mr. Gross. Thank you, Mr. Gibson.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.