    Mr. Trott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Commissioner, for being here.    You know, Commissioner, you have had an extraordinary career. Head of the Soccer Foundation. Head of the Duke University Board. Executive chairman at Freddie Mac. Deputy mayor of D.C. Deputy director of OMB. Ran a large turnaround company. Was in charge of Y2K for the entire country. Clerked for the chief judge for the D.C. circuit. Worked at Gibson Dunn. Duke. Yale. Cambridge. Just an extraordinary record.    You said earlier that you are proud of your record at the IRS. I am not so sure I agree. You came in with two big tasks in front of you, one, the Lois Lerner investigation, and two, to restore the confidence in the American people that their First Amendment rights weren't being compromised by the IRS. And we have heard quite a bit today about our concern with respect to both of those challenges.    But let me ask you a hypothetical. When you were the executive chairman of the Freddie Mac board, if the president and CEO of Freddie Mac lied under oath to Congress or repeatedly misstated important facts or repeatedly was uninformed of decisions being made by subordinates regarding the mortgage crisis, what would you have done?    Mr. Trott. If the president of Duke University, when they were doing investigation into the scandal of the lacrosse team, if he had lied or if he had misstated key facts or if he was otherwise uninformed on what the subordinates were doing with respect to that investigation, what would you have done when you were the chair of the Duke Board?    Mr. Trott. Well, just gross incompetence. Let's call it that. Let's not say perjury. Let's just say gross incompetence, unaware of the investigation, unaware of the facts, misstating the facts consistently. What would you have done?    Mr. Trott. Let me--this is not a hypothetical--let me ask you a more recent set of facts.    So yesterday, Senator Warren was screaming at the CEO of Wells Fargo for what happened there to their customers. And I think it is indefensible what happened there. And she called--I think she screamed it several times--``He needs to resign.'' Do you think the CEO of Wells Fargo should resign?    Mr. Trott. Well, so you think the CEO of Wells Fargo knew about what has happening?    Mr. Trott. People or the CEO?    Mr. Trott. We have heard a lot today from some of the Democratic Members of the Committee that this whole hearing is an embarrassment and we should apologize. And here are the facts as I know them. People are afraid of the IRS. The IRS was used as a political tool under the Nixon administration and now the Obama administration. You were brought in to solve this problem, and under your watch the problem got a lot worse, either because you committed perjury or because you were consistently misinformed regarding critical facts in the investigation or you were unaware of what your subordinates were doing.    Now, we both know--and I spent 30 years in the private sector--we both know in the private sector, the head of the organization, with those facts in front of you, they would have been fired or they would have resigned.    And so when the Dems say this is a charade and a game--and you could say the same about a lot of things here in Washington--but my question to you is, what should I go home on Friday and tell me constituents who are afraid of the IRS and who are disgusted by Washington?    Because what happens when these facts are presented in Washington is either people lie, they cover up, or we have to say, well, you know, we have to expect some level of incompetence from the Federal Government, that is why Washington is a mess.    What should I tell my constituents about what is going on at the IRS and how, under your tenure, this investigation played out? Please give me an answer.    Mr. Trott. But, sir, you would have to agree with me. In the private sector, the head of that organization probably wouldn't have survived. Would you agree with that statement?    Mr. Trott. All right. I respectfully disagree. Thank you, again, for your time. And I have to say, I don't--I am surprised that you haven't resigned. Because with your extraordinary career, I think there is a part of you, if you disagree with a lot of what we are doing here today would want to say, gosh, I just don't need this, and you would move on and do something else. But I appreciate you being here.