    Mr. Gohmert. The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations will come to order.    The subcommittee is meeting today to hear testimony on the Administration's response to findings of unethical and criminal conduct at the Department of the Interior.    Under Committee Rule 4(f), any oral opening statements at the hearings are limited to the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member. Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that all other Members' opening statements made be made part of the hearing record if they are submitted to the Subcommittee Clerk by 5:00 p.m. today.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    We were notified that Ranking Member Dingell would not be able to be here. You may be aware we had an interesting evening and finished votes, I think, sometime after 3:00 a.m.    I will also say that it is a pleasure to work with Congresswoman Debbie Dingell. She is, I have found, one of the more honorable, decent people of integrity like her husband, and it is a pleasure to work with her. I think a great deal of her and I am proud to consider her a friend.    Now, I recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Gohmert. A month ago this committee examined unethical conduct on the part of officials at the Department of the Interior, including Jonathan Jarvis, the Director of the National Park Service, who openly lied to the Secretary and attempted to mislead the OIG.    I mentioned then that the Department's failure to hold its employees accountable facilitates unethical and illegal behavior. The Department witness repeatedly testified that Interior has ``a culture of compliance.'' Despite this, Secretary Jewell recently issued a warning to 70,000 agency employees to ``comply with the ethical responsibilities expected of all Federal employees.''    Since that hearing, more reports of unethical and illegal acts have been released.    The OIG reported that former BLM Director Bob Abbey personally arranged to sell Bureau of Land Management land in Nevada, so that his company could benefit to the tune of $528,000. The Department of Justice chose not to prosecute Mr. Abbey, despite OIG presenting the case to two separate U.S. Attorneys.    OIG also investigated Stephen Barton, Chief of Administration and Information Management for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Mr. Barton failed to disclose that he was earning income, totaling nearly $400,000, from serving as treasurer of an association that receives grants from and is audited by the Fish and Wildlife Service.    While lying about his employment conflict of interest, OIG also found that Mr. Barton lived in Idaho while being paid a substantially higher amount by claiming Washington, DC as his residence. To top it off, Mr. Barton billed taxpayers over $96,000 for travel between the two locations.    DOJ declined to prosecute the case.    OIG also revealed that a U.S. Geological Survey lab in Colorado consistently manipulated lab results that are used by the Energy Resources Program and countless other entities from 2008 to 2014 and, possibly, as far back as 1996. The full impact and scope of this falsified data is unknown, but it is sure to be far reaching and serious.    At our last hearing, it was disclosed that OIG had confirmed a long-term pattern of sexual harassment at Grand Canyon National Park, where over 80 people were victimized. Leadership who allowed this practice to continue for years were not disciplined, and DOJ again refused to prosecute. I say ``were not disciplined'' because what was done was actually a favor to the culprit rather than a punishment.    We now have learned that the problem extends to other locations in our national park system, including the Canaveral National Seashore, where the manager sexually harassed employees over a period of 5 years. To make matters even worse, the OIG has made us aware that additional, unrelated cases of sexual harassment are currently under investigation.    Perhaps these serious issues should not be a surprise when such matters have been referred to a National Park Service Director who has shown a clear disinterest in following the ethics guidelines himself.    And, yesterday, we were informed that Fay Iudicello, an SES employee in the Secretary's office, egregiously violated hiring regulations on multiple occasions in order to secure a job for her family member. Not only that, but in the process, she also instructed her subordinates to eliminate qualified veterans from the pool of candidates because she did not want to have a disabled veteran on staff. Her discriminatory and illegal actions resulted not in her dismissal but, instead, in the employment of her relative and the rejection of more qualified veteran candidates.    Failure of accountability extends beyond the Department of the Interior. Of 29 criminal cases that the OIG referred to the Department of Justice over the course of 6 months, 17 were declined for prosecution. This number is troubling, especially when DOJ participates alongside the OIG in some of these investigations it ultimately declines to prosecute.    While Justice's involvement in OIG investigations can be beneficial, it can also slow the pace of an investigation, and it can limit what OIG is able to report to Interior for accountability purposes.    We invited DOJ to testify today to help us understand how it works with the OIG, and how it decides whether to prosecute cases involving clear criminal violations. Rather than send a witness, DOJ instead put off the committee for days, questioned committee staff as to whether our committee has the right to request their presence at the witness table, and ultimately suggested that we read the ``Principles of Federal Prosecution'' online instead.    So, let me be clear. It is completely appropriate for this committee to request the presence of the Department of Justice at the witness table. We have a valid interest in its involvement in these OIG investigations and in learning from DOJ itself about its processes for handling OIG referrals.    The DOJ's refusal to be here today casts their record of non-prosecution of Administration misconduct into a light of accommodating such misconduct.    I thank the witnesses for coming here today and I look forward to their testimony.    Mr. Gohmert. The Chairman would normally recognize Mrs. Dingell; but, like I said, due to the unusual nature of the evening and the hardships it has placed on travel plans today, my friend, the Ranking Member, Mrs. Dingell, is not able to be here.    I would ask unanimous consent that any opening statement she has would be made a part of the record.    Hearing no objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. Gohmert. I will now introduce our witnesses. Ms. Mary Kendall is the Deputy Inspector General for the Office of the Inspector General at the U.S. Department of the Interior, and has testified here before.    Ms. Kendall, welcome back. Thank you for being here.    Then, Mr. Steve Guertin is the Deputy Director of Policy at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.    Mr. Guertin, thank you for being here.    Let me remind the witnesses that under our Committee Rules, oral statements must be limited to 5 minutes, but the entire written statement will appear in the hearing record regardless of your testimony.    When you begin, the lights on the witness table will turn green. When you have 1 minute remaining the yellow light will come on. Your time will have expired when the red light comes on, and I will ask you to please conclude your statement.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Kendall for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you very much, Ms. Kendall. We appreciate your testimony.    At this time the Chair now recognizes Mr. Guertin for 5 minutes.    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Guertin. I appreciate your testimony and appreciate your forthrightness.    At this time, I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    Ms. Kendall, you were very helpful in your testimony in our last hearing. You seemed very forthright, and I was curious; after your testimony here, was there anybody at the Department of the Interior that made any comment at all to you about your written or oral testimony here?    Mr. Gohmert. I was just curious if anybody commented at all to you about your testimony in the last hearing we had here.    Mr. Gohmert. Does the Department of Justice work closely with you and the Inspector General's Office on most of your investigations?    Mr. Gohmert. And it only makes sense that sometimes you will not find out criminal implications until you get deeper into the evidence that is there; correct?    Mr. Gohmert. When the Department of Justice does get involved in OIG investigations, does that slow the progress of the investigation?    Mr. Gohmert. Does it limit your ability at OIG to use subpoenas?    Mr. Gohmert. It does not limit your ability to gather evidence that you can then submit to the Justice Department at all?    Mr. Gohmert. Is it unusual for the Department of Justice, in cases in which they are investigating with you, where you have identified early on that there appears to be potential criminal conduct--is it unusual for them to decline to prosecute the case?    Mr. Gohmert. Do you have any kind of feel for approximately how often DOJ declines to prosecute cases that you have submitted to them?    Mr. Gohmert. If you could get that number for us, that would be very helpful.    Mr. Gohmert. Did the DOJ participate in the investigation of Bob Abbey in the Henderson land deal?    Mr. Gohmert. Did you find evidence you believed indicated criminal violations in that Abbey land deal?    Mr. Gohmert. Apparently you referred that case to two different U.S. Attorney's Offices; correct?    Mr. Gohmert. Did you believe there was sufficient evidence to go forward with the prosecution in that case?    Mr. Gohmert. And I would not ask you to speak for them. It would be hard enough for them to explain themselves.    Mr. Gohmert. My time has expired, and I have to go testify before a committee myself now. So, at this time, Mr. LaHood will be taking over as Chairman of the Committee. Hopefully, I will be able to finish and get back.    At this time, I yield to Mr. Hice for 5 minutes.