    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The bottom line of what we are dealing with, obviously, is the question as to why ICE is releasing convicted criminals who are non-citizens back into the public square. Is it fair to say that the reason for that ultimately comes down to policy?    Mr. Hice. Well, why are we releasing illegal criminals back into the public square? That evidently has to do with policy at the end of the day, is that true?    Mr. Hice. So there is no policy overruling this? So it is just a case-by-case; some you let go, some you keep, and there is no policy dictating who you keep and who you release?    Mr. Hice. So it is policy?    Mr. Hice. OK. All right, so when it comes to policy on who is released and who is not released, we are not dealing, then, with rogue agents or law enforcement individuals who are not abiding by the policy. They are not making their own determination; they are doing what they are told to do, is that correct?    Mr. Hice. OK. So then we must go a level up higher than that. The problem is not the agents or law enforcement individuals; the problem is either with you or with policy that is coming and pressuring you one way or the other. But it is not the problem with the agents. So who is putting this policy forward? Is this your policy, is this your choice, your discretion to release these illegal criminals back into the public square?    Mr. Hice. The 66,000 over the last 2 years, and this is very poor discretion if policy is saying these people should be deported and they are not being deported, they are being placed right back in our neighborhoods. I spoke this morning with a sheriff in Gwinnett County, which is the third largest county in the Nation in terms of dealing with this problem, and he says that he doesn't even hear from you when you all are releasing illegal criminals back in his county. Why is it that ICE is not even informing law enforcement departments?    Mr. Hice. Please be quick.    Mr. Hice. All right, let's go on. I want you to answer my question here. We are dealing with sheriff departments across this Country who are not even in communication with your department, with ICE, and ICE is releasing criminals back in these areas, and these sheriffs are not being informed of it. Why is that?    Mr. Hice. Well, be quick, please.    Mr. Hice. So are you telling us that law enforcement agents from here on out are going to be informed? Give me the bottom line.    Mr. Hice. When will that be in place?    Mr. Hice. Will it be in place this year, by the end of this year?    Mr. Hice. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.