    Mr. Mulvaney. I thank the chairman. I thank the panel.    I have been struggling a little bit, folks, with how I wanted to address this hearing today because the purpose in my mind--and I only speak for myself, not for any other member and not the chairman or the ranking member. The purpose in my mind, Mr. Harris--and, please, several of us have referred to you today as Mr. Harris. We mean no disrespect. It is on your name tag, so when we can't remember your name, we look up, it is sitting there so ----    Mr. Mulvaney. Collecting data, again, this is not my area of expertise. I am more worried about you securing the data than collecting it. So tell me why that is relevant.    Mr. Mulvaney. Okay.    Mr. Mulvaney. Mr. King, what have you done since we were here last? I don't think you were here in November. I may be wrong. But what have we done in the last couple of months to make sure--did we get access to the talent that you need to do this job properly?    Mr. Mulvaney. Dr. Harris, I will close by saying this. While we are not here to deal with the details of your personal situation within the agency, to the extent your activity impacts on what people feel about working at the DoE, it certainly is relevant, and that is why I think you are getting all the attention today, and rightfully so.    But let me close by saying this. While we are not here today to have anybody fired, at least in my mind, lose the data and it is a different story. Start losing people's bank records, and as unpleasant as this hearing may have been, it is going to be a whole different level of unpleasant. Lose the data and the next explanation you're going to have to give to this committee is why you shouldn't be fired. That is as plain as I can put it. So as reasonable as I am trying to be today in laying out for you what we are not here to try to accomplish, you can expect me and others to be fairly unreasonable with our patience next time if you lose the stuff. So please, don't lose it. Thanks.