    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am not a member of the Subcommittee. I am just here today as an interested, concerned member of Congress with regards to this particular issue. As a former bank regulator, as a former banker, I have got some insights into this that certainly give me pause when I look at the title of the hearing today: How Dodd-Frank is Crippling Small Lenders Access to Capital.    I see every day in talking to all the folks in my world that the banks and the credit unions are impacted in a way by these regulations that absolutely is cutting off credit to every day folks to be able to live their lives the way they would like to with regards to buying homes, financing cars, providing educational opportunities for the kids, as well as business opportunities for themselves.    Mr. Lux, you made the comment a while ago that Dodd-Frank shrinks access by scope. Can you elaborate on that just a second?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Very quickly. I have got five minutes and you talk very slowly. I need my time.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Very good. Thank you.    Mr. Mitchell, I know that we have a deadline coming up here, and you made mention of it a minute ago with TRID. I am one of the guys who has been harping on CFPB to try and have some forbearance there, and they pay lip service to it but they will not put anything in writing. I am very concerned about this. For them, it is an opportunity to go after people doing a legitimate job of doing the best they can and getting caught in this timeframe here. Can you explain your concerns about it? Or do you have concerns about it at all? I know you mentioned it a minute ago.    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Eagerton, would you like to comment on that as well?    Mr. LUETKEMEYER. You know, CFPB is a figment of our creation of Dodd-Frank here, and to me it is the most dangerous agency in Washington because it is unaccountable. There is no oversight, in my mind, anyway. And once the director is appointed, he is there for his term. They are making rules and regulations without very little oversight or impact. They refuse to accept comments from the outside, and so in discussing this TRID issue, for example, with the director, I mean, we are supposed to take him at his word that he is going to behave in a responsible manner, and I look at this as an opportunity to go after institutions. And it is very concerning to me, especially from the standpoint that I recently had--yesterday had somebody in my office who owns a business. The CFPB went after them from the standpoint that within their document, one of their operational documents that they had to a customer, is a phrase. And CFPB fined them $10 million because they are anticipating doing a rule down the road that this phrase would no longer be compliant with. All of you now are going to have to have a crystal ball sitting on your desk, or be clairvoyant, to know what CFPB may do in the future. This is how far we have gone. This is how far over the top this agency has become. This is the environment that has been fostered by Dodd-Frank, and it is doing more than crippling access to capital for our people; it is crippling the economy.    I appreciate you being here today. Thank you very much for your testimony.