    Mr. Selman. Good morning, Mr. Chairman and members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before you today.    My name is Bobby Selman. I am a certified drinking water and wastewater operator in the State of Mississippi with an engineering background from Mississippi State. I have been working in the water world for 25 years, starting in my hometown in Lawrence County. I still work for the Lawrence County Water Authority in addition to 12 other small communities and rural water associations.    I want to thank my Congressman, Gregg Harper, for his support and assistance to all the over 150,000 small public water systems across the country for sponsoring the Grass Roots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act. Representative Harper's bill directs the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to prioritize the type of technical assistance that small communities find is most beneficial.    The rural water type of on-site technical assistance is what all the small communities in Mississippi and the other States rely on for help with compliance, operations, emergencies, line breaks, loss of water, setting rates, and training for operator certification. I am told that Congress funds the EPA's internal management budget by hundreds of millions of dollars every year. Small and rural communities want Congress to know that the only benefit we get comes from the small portion of the EPA funding that is directed to on-site technical assistance provided by what we call circuit riders.    What small communities do when they have a question or water issue is call their local circuit rider that they know, trust, and know can give them clear answers. These circuit riders often come immediately on site to small communities and teach them how to fix their problem. There is just no one else out in the field at the local level providing this essential help.    After Katrina, two of my small communities in Simpson County were devastated. Each served approximately 2,500 people, and they were without power and water. People in communities can get by without power for a while, but not without water. I called the Mississippi Rural Water Association circuit riders and they found emergency generators for me and delivered them to the communities at no charge.    Since the circuit riders know everybody in the State, they were able to borrow some generators from northern communities not impacted by the hurricane and had the generators delivered to get the drinking water and sanitation restored immediately. The circuit riders also had the technical know-how to rig the generator's electrical systems, size the right voltage, and even drive a backhoe if needed to clear the streets and dig up ruptured lines. All of this type of assistance is essential to restore a water supply in an emergency.    I called a circuit rider out to help me at a Double Ponds Water Association, a community of about 1,000 homes to find a line break causing a loss of water for many homes. The circuit rider came with advanced radar equipment that can precisely identify the location of the break, which on this day happened to be out in the woods. By funding the circuit riders, Congress is allowing all small and rural communities to share this technical resource that no one community can afford on their own. We think it is the best use of our Federal water environmental dollars.    With the federalization of the operator certification under the Safe Drinking Water Act of 1996, State rural water associations have become the main source of training for operators and the main source of continued education credits which are needed every year to maintain this certification.    Many parts of rural America have seen industry move on, leaving behind depressed economies. In my region the garment industry moved south after NAFTA. When this happens, raising rates becomes overly burdensome. In the town of New Hebron, Mississippi, with just over 400 people, we are now being told that we need to comply with a new EPA wastewater discharge permit that will cost $2 to $3 million.    I will close with some comments on the Federal water infrastructure programs, namely the EPA State Revolving Funds and the USDA Rural Development Grant and Loan Program. We are very appreciative for Congressional funding of these initiatives, and realize the funding constraints in Congress and the Nation. Notwithstanding the curtailment Federal funding, the regulatory burden continues to increase and become more complex.    We urge you to emphasize grants in these funding programs. Low interest loans often don't help the communities facing the most severe hardship from Federal compliance, leaving the loan funds to be used for compliance with greater ability to afford financing. We are very grateful for the funding assistance. It has allowed many rural and small communities to have access of drinking water and sanitation that would otherwise not have been able to afford without the Federal assistance, and we want to be partners in the effort to make the initiative as efficient and successful as possible.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and I am eager to answer any questions at the appropriate time.    Mr. Selman. Yes. Some of my systems I help we have used SRF. We are drilling a well right now at one of the systems because it depends on what area you are in the State, but we were having trouble through Rural Development getting on a timely process of getting the money to drill this well and it was needed.    The Town of Monticello we got a State Revolving Fund grant for a sewer project right now that we just completed. So in our district, in our part of the State, you know, we have used it and it has helped, but the USDA seems to be more with the grants. Some communities can't afford that much of a loan, and the grant helps them that much more over the USDA money.    Mr. Selman. Very essential. We have--you know, we get mayors and water board managers and whatever and they need all the training they can get. You know, the secretaries, the rural water puts on a training for them. They certify them. Every bit of assistance we can get is very well needed.    Mr. Selman. Thank you.    Mr. Selman. Yes. Very important.    Before Katrina, we hadn't had a natural disaster in south Mississippi like that since Camille. I reckon 1969, but we were without power, and we are about 120 miles from the coast, and we were without power about 20 days, 19, 20 days, and at that time some of the water systems had started putting in generators, very few, but some had, and, you know, we--like I said in the testimony, you can make it without power for a while, rig up your generator to get the TV on or something, but without water, you can't make it, and we immediately called our circuit riders. They found generators in Arkansas, north Mississippi, wherever they could get them, brought them to us, helped us get them hooked up, and we got water flowing again. Same way with the wastewater. We had some lift stations that you have to pump wastewater that we hooked into those wastewater stations and got water to the lagoon or the treatment plant.    The ground-penetrating radar you mention, they keep one of those. Anytime we need to locate a line--a lot of these old lines were put in are growing up in trees now. You can't--you don't know exactly where the line is. They come out there with this machine and locate that line for us and help us tap it, help us do whatever we need, and that machine is about $35,000, and, you know, most of these little systems don't have the money for that. So what we do, we call Rural Water and they help us in whatever needs we need.    Mr. Selman. Yes, sir.    Mr. Selman. Yes, sir.    Mr. Selman. Yes, that is correct.    Mr. Selman. No. That's correct. I don't think our regulations could be any more stringent than what the Federal act has written. That is the way the State of Mississippi does.    Mr. Selman. Raising rates is the only way that small communities like I work for, that is the only--only option they have, and, you know, in the 10 to 20 percent range sometime.    Mr. Selman. Yes. Well, we have been able to use some SRF money. Our engineer takes whatever they allow as that consultant amount. You know, whatever they allow for an attorney, for an engineer or whatever, he does the paperwork for whatever that is. And they have got that specified in the loan.    Mr. Selman. And we have been able to--I know certain regions, maybe not. But we have been able to take advantage of some SRF money. We were having trouble getting money through rural development.