    Mr. Ruiz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The damage veterans suffer due to the VA's current billing and reimbursement system is irreparable and unacceptable. A decorated Vietnam combat veteran from my district attempted to pursue care in the community for orthopedic issues and pain management. After navigating the complex and burdensome process of receiving care within his community, he was diagnosed with soft pallet complications that would require surgery before other issues could be addressed.    As he learned to treat and manage his neck and back injuries, he also learned that the VA refused to pay his medical bills in a timely manner. This delayed payment meant that the patient couldn't just concentrate on improving his health, he had to spend time worrying about his credit as the clinic, and later collections agencies hounded him for payment of his medical bills.    Now this veteran has damaged health and damaged credit due to the VA. The VA is meant to serve veterans, but it is clear in this instance that they did the exact opposite. They added a bad credit to a veteran who is barely making ends meet. This was a grave disservice to him, one of our Nation's heroes.    So we talked about how the complicated system affects physicians and physicians' ability to provide that care, but how does your team plan, and this is to Dr. Yehia, how do you and your team plan to prevent this from happening in the future?    Mr. Ruiz. It is the providers.    Mr. Ruiz. But the providers--    Mr. Ruiz. And they are not getting payment, so they start to charge the patient.    Mr. Ruiz. But the providers are under the expectations that they are going to get paid, and if they don't get paid or if they don't get paid in a timely manner, then they charge the patient.    So how are we going to prevent the providers from getting late payments and, two, what are we going to do to correct--    Mr. Ruiz. Go ahead and put it on C-SPAN right now. What is it?    Mr. Ruiz. And what has been those results of our veterans? Have they eliminated that bad credit? Have they corrected the problem?    Mr. Ruiz. And what has been the results?    Mr. Ruiz. I would like to talk more about that because there are plenty of veterans throughout our country that don't even know what their resources are to remedy this problem.    Many of our veterans just accept it because they don't like to complain and that means that sometimes they can't apply for that loan to make home improvements. They have bad credit so they can't pay rent in their apartment or other financial burdens. And so we need to outreach to make sure that that gets remedied. So thank you very much.