    Mrs. Lawrence. It is an honor to be a Member of Congress and to sit with the leadership that we have as the Chair for this committee.    Thank you, Madam Chairwoman. I want to thank you for holding this hearing.    I want to thank our witnesses for their testimony today.    In a special message to Congress in 1970, President Nixon stated: ``As concern with the condition of our physical environment has intensified, it has become increasingly clear that we need to know more about the total environment, land, water and air.'' Indeed, the present government structure for dealing with environmental pollution often defies effective and concerted efforts.    In proposing that the Environmental Protection Agency be set up as a separate, new agency, ``I am making an exception to one of my own principles that as a matter of effective and orderly administration, additional new, independent agencies normally should not be created. Because environmental protection cuts across so many jurisdictions and because arresting environmental deterioration is of great importance to the quality of life in our country and the world, I believe that in this case, a strong, independent agency is needed.''    I want to start by saying that the EPA was not established to be red or blue. It was established to be green. It was established to help us protect our environment, our citizens and our children.    First, I would like to address the Clean Water Act which has been successful in past years ensuring that Americans have clean and safe water. Those of us who have been involved and informed know that there are some challenges across our country that are stepping up now and that we need to address.    I believe we all agree that clean water is vital to each of us for our drinking supply, for safe places to swim, for healthy fish, for growing crops, for beverage manufacturing, for energy generation and for a host of other uses.    The proposed EPA rule would improve the process for determining what types of water are and are not covered by the Clean Water Act. Contrary to the claim of detectors, the rule would clarify protection for streams and wetlands that form the foundation of the Nation's water resources.    It will not result in an expansion of Federal authority. Only waters that have been historically covered by the Clean Water Act are covered by the rule.    Turning our attention to the dangers of ozone exposure is equally important. More than 1,000 new studies demonstrate the health and environment harms of ozone. Exposure can cause difficulty breathing and airway inflammation. Ozone exposure is likely to cause permanent death from lung disease.    Children often suffer from a disproportionate burden of ozone related health impacts because their lungs and other organs are still developing. Nearly 26 million people have asthma in the United States, including 7.1 million children.    Fortunately over 40 years ago, Congress passed the Clean Air Act to protect public health and the environment.    Recently, EPA proposed new national air quality standards for ozone to lower the ozone in the atmosphere from 75 ppb to a range of 65 to 70 ppb by the year 2030. The Clean Power Plan has also been proposed in order to limit the amount of carbon pollution power plants will emit. Likewise, the Waters of the United States rule was proposed to clarify which bodies of water are or are not covered by the Clean Water Act.    History tells us that environmental regulations do not cause an economic calamity. In fact, in the past 40 years, the CDP has increased by 212 percent since the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts were enacted.    Clean air pollutions have decreased by 70 percent. Instead of killing jobs, as some opponents have claimed, the pollution control industry has generated more than $300 billion in revenue and $44 billion in exports and supported 1.5 million jobs.    None of the inflated costs of implementing these laws ever materialized. Industry innovation improved and thrived in response to new demands.    In closing, there have been numerous processes in the past few decades to clean up the air and water but more work is necessary to adequately protect public health from ozone, excessive carbon dioxide and water pollution and to mitigate the efforts of climate change.    I hope that we look at this industry and recognize the oppositions of some industries based on really scare mongering. History shows us that cleaning the air and water are both good for public health, good for our economy and good for our country.    Thank you.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Ms. Tierney, I feel that we are here today to talk about our environment and also to talk about human beings, the impact that it has on our quality of life.    Is it correct that the Clean Air Act requires air qualities to be required to protect public health with an adequate margin of safety?    Mrs. Lawrence. I do want to be clear that today we are addressing a proposed language and proposed act. I also want to know, is it also true that the air quality standards must consider the health of groups of people considered to be most at risk, like the 7 million children with asthma and the elderly? Is that true?    Mrs. Lawrence. With that being said and the law that requires we protect public health and protecting the clean air to provide these over 7 million people who are at risk, would you agree in proposing to reduce ozone levels to the range of 65 and 70 ppb that EPA is justified in relying on more than 1,000 new scientific studies which conclude that the current ozone standard is harmful to public health?    Mrs. Lawrence. Madam Chair, I am going to yield the rest of my time. But I do want to say that this is about the industry, our economy, but most important in the priority of the proposed language that we are talking about, it must address the human needs and the impact on our quality of life in America and that we empower the EPA to keep the purpose of their existence, as I discussed in my opening remarks when President Nixon proposed that we do this.    Thank you.    Mrs. Lawrence. Ms. Tierney, I would like to ask this question. The Bureau Chief of Environmental Protection bureau recently testified that jurisdictional decisions related to the waters of the United States are made on a case by case basis, subject to factual and inconsistent legal interpretations fostering uncertainty, delay and further litigation.    Members of the EPA have Stated that they received numerous calls for clarification of waters of the United States from various stakeholders, including farmers, developers, and State and local.    In general, would you say the proposal making a process clearer, simpler and faster will benefit these stakeholders? Would you agree with that?    Mrs. Lawrence. Would you say in this proposal that is one of the objectives, to provide clarification to the States and the stakeholders?    Mrs. Lawrence. I yield my time.    Mrs. Lawrence. I just want to say to Mr. Fox, we are going to do it this year. The Tigers are going to do it.