    Mr. DeSantis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, this is a really, really frustrating hearing and, obviously, a colossal failure. I mean, we have a government that will tell us how much water we can have flushing in our toilets, how much corn we have to put in the gasoline we use to drive our cars and boats, and the government will tell us the type of health insurance we can and cannot buy. And yet, on the core functions of government, the things that we all need the government to do, it seems to me that it fails habitually. And this is a major example of that.    The numbers of people affected, when Ms. Archuleta talked about we don't know on the clearance side, yeah, we don't know. You know why? Because it is not just the person who filled out the form that is at risk of that. I mean, you have friends, family members, associates, foreign nationals who you may know, who China would like to know who those foreign nationals are. So you are talking about an exponentially larger number than just simply the number of people who filled out those forms.    And yet it seems to me that we just have bureaucratic paralysis. Nobody is really accountable.    Now, Ms. Archuleta, let me ask you: Members of this committee have called upon you to resign. You have rebuffed that. Do you still believe you should remain in your position?    Mr. DeSantis. Do you accept responsibility?    Mr. DeSantis. So----    Mr. DeSantis. And I appreciate that. And I have been here for your statements, and I have heard you make that point.    Mr. DeSantis. But if not you, then who, if anybody, in OPM should be held accountable for this colossal failure?    Mr. DeSantis. Is anybody going to be held responsible?    Mr. DeSantis. But what about responsibility? Because I will----    Mr. DeSantis. --tell you what my constituents will tell me. They will say, ``Ron, we have people mess up in the government all the time, and nothing ever happens.'' And that is not the world that our constituents live in, where there are usually consequences.    And so you are not committing that anybody will be fired or held accountable because of this, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. Well, and I appreciate that, but that, quite frankly, is not something that I think the American people have confidence in right now, given what has happened.    Now, let me ask Ms. Barron-DiCamillo: People have been warning about the risk of a cyber Pearl Harbor. Obviously, the IG had warned OPM about vulnerabilities in their system for years and years. Does this constitute a cyber Pearl Harbor?    Mr. DeSantis. But those are mitigations for the system itself, correct? The mitigations that you have performed don't include mitigations for any of the capabilities that some of the people whose identities may have been compromised perform on behalf of our country, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. So if China gets blackmail information that they could use against people serving in our government in important positions, if China is able to identify foreign nationals, Chinese foreign nationals maybe, who are friendly with the United States and with people, there is no way you can calculate the damage that that causes, correct?    Mr. DeSantis. And I think it is a very important question. And I think the damage to this is very, very severe.    And I yield back the balance of my time.