    Ms. Schakowsky. I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for holding today's hearing on the evolution and the future of drones. I look forward to delving into this important issue.    Drones are increasingly common in our communities and it is predicted that 1 million drones will be given as gifts over this holiday and drone usage will, clearly, rise in 2016.    It is important to understand what this technology can do and how we can adequately ensure their safe and ethical usage.    As the subcommittee of jurisdiction over the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Federal Trade Commission, I am particularly interested today in the impacts of drone usage and public safety and privacy--the two issues that the chairman raised as well.    The FAA has received over 1,000 reports of unsafe drone activity by pilots already this year, double the number of such reports from 2014. With their capacity to reach protected and secure areas including the White House lawn, which happened earlier this year, drones can pose a serious national security threat as well.    We must ensure that drones are adequately regulated to maintain safety both for the public and for the country. The other important area for us to consider, as mentioned, is the privacy implications of the increased use of drones.    Drones can and have been equipped with invasive technologies including cameras, infrared devices, even high-powered microphones.    This new method of collecting information does not entitle individuals, corporations or government entities to violate privacy rights and we must ensure that our laws and regulations reflect that fact.    So I look forward to hearing from our witnesses to gain from their perspectives this emerging technology and I yield back my time.    Ms. Schakowsky. Thank you.    Professor Kaminski, I wanted to ask you something. We are always trying to balance, for example, national security and privacy issues.    You also raised First Amendment versus privacy issues and you believe that there is a federal role for us to play. You did list, I think, four states in your written statement that have some laws that are technology specific, et cetera.    So if you could elaborate a bit on what are the arenas in which the federal government ought to consider regulating drones?    Ms. Schakowsky. Mr. Walden, in the demonstration you showed the safety feature so that they don't bump. But you also said it isn't saved.    But certainly that kind of thing in fact could be saved, right? And so we could have even better photographs of who is avoiding the drone and, what assurances do you think there are that that information isn't saved?    Ms. Schakowsky. A third party within Intel?    Ms. Schakowsky. So, again, Professor Kaminski, is that a real concern?    Ms. Schakowsky. So that issue of--I guess it is immediate. When does that erasing happen? It is automatic?    Ms. Schakowsky. But some sort of a legislative regime, and I heard you, Professor, you are saying we want to be cautious or maybe that is not the right word even. We want to strike the right balance. I wondered if you wanted to comment on that.    Ms. Schakowsky. What would that be?    Ms. Schakowsky. OK. This is a really interesting area that we have to navigate to get it right. Thank you very much.