    Mr. Lauria. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to commend Chairman Duncan and members of the House Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere for holding this important hearing and for providing the Committee to Protect Journalists the opportunity to testify before you. CPJ is an independent, nonprofit organization dedicated to promote freedom of press worldwide and defend the rights of journalists. It is an honor to speak to you today.    What I have experienced in more than a decade at CPJ is that while Latin American media are certainly freer and more vibrant now than during previous decades, journalists in the region continue to face serious challenges on different fronts. The regional press continues to hold governments accountable, exposing corruption and human rights abuses in the face of ongoing threats by organized crime and officials in their attempt to thwart freedom of expression.    Despite the strong tradition of independent, investigative, and critical media in many countries of the region, journalists are increasingly vulnerable to both violence and government harassment. More than 30 years of democratization in the region, transnational criminal networks have extended their sway and spread a wave of unprecedented violence across Latin America. Scores of journalists have been killed and disappeared. Media outlets have been bombed and forced into silence. The consequences are devastating: Many regional democracies have deteriorated due to political instability and weakened institutions.    Violence tied to drug trafficking has made Mexico one of the dangerous countries in the world for the press, according to CPJ research. More than 50 journalists have been killed or disappeared since 2007. Compounding the problem of violence is a climate of pervasive impunity. Crimes against the press are never solved, not only as a result of negligence and incompetence but also because of widespread corruption among law enforcement officials, particularly at the state level.    Breaking the cycle of impunities surrounding crimes against the press is Mexico's greatest challenge. Legal changes, although necessary, will be clearly insufficient without strong political will for President Enrique Pena Nieto's administration.    Amid the violence and volatility caused by organized crime and corruption in Central America, Honduras and Guatemala have also experienced an alarming increase in the numbers of attacks against the press. Nearly complete impunity for these crimes means the cases go mostly unresolved and the motives unexplained, a CPJ report published in September found.    Despite Brazil's image as an international political and economic leader and its position as the host of next year's summer Olympics, the country has become one of the most dangerous in the world for the press. According to CPJ research, at least 16 journalists have been killed in direct reprisal for their work since January 2011, while six others were murdered in unclear circumstances.    In the lead up to the 2016 summer Olympics, President Dilma Rousseff will have to grapple with many problems, including a sluggish economy, the unfolding corruption scandal within the state oil company, and the prospect of renewed protests, like those that erupted around the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Precisely at those times, Brazil needs a vibrant, independent press that can freely report on these matters and carry out its work without fear of reprisal.    In the next year, the world's fourth largest democracy will receive a flood of tourists and find itself under the spotlight for international media attention. Before that occurs, the Brazilian Government needs to go beyond rhetoric and make good on the promise to protect the press and combat impunity.    While security in Colombia has improved in recent years and the number of killed journalists have dramatically decreased in the last decade, impunity is entrenched and threats and violence against journalists continue. Problems, such as overloaded prosecutors and mishandling of evidence, have delayed criminal investigations for years.    Besides the issue of violence, the second most persistent problem facing the Latin American press is the series of judicial, legislative, and regulatory restrictions placed on the press by democratically elected governments that seek to control the flow of information and stifle the dissent. Showing disdain for the institutions of democracy, several governments are seeking to suppress dissent, limit critical voices, and censor the news that undermines their public positions. Describing critical journalists as the unelected opposition, these governments have become increasingly intolerant to media criticism.    Venezuela provides the most blatant example of intolerance toward views and different opinions. The Government of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro, has employed an array of tactics to weaken the press, and few remaining critical media still standing in Venezuela, according to CPJ research.    Nearly all of Venezuela's strategies and tactics to rein in and isolate critical journalists have been emulated by sympathetic governments across the region, from Nicaragua to Ecuador. But nobody has a been better apprentice than Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa, whose policies have transformed the country into one of the hemisphere's most restrictive nations for the press.    Lastly, as I testify before Congress today, I must also mention the climate for press freedom in the United States has deteriorated in recent years. Decisions by the Department of Justice in seizing journalists' phone records and emails, the aggressive prosecutions of whistleblowers who leak classified information to the press, and the massive surveillance of communications send an unequivocal chilling message to journalists and their sources, particularly on issues of national security that are of vital information to the public.    At the same time, just as troubling, these actions in the United States set a terrible example for the rest of the world, especially where governments routinely justify the intervention in the media by citing national security.    Thank you.    Mr. Lauria. I mean, I would say it is not all black and white. There are examples of great investigative work in the Americas, all around Latin America. I mean, in Brazil, for example, you have great work by investigating journalists, revealing, exposing corruption. And you can see the country being hit by probably the most largest corruption scandal in decades of a state-owned company and the press revealing some of those corruption scandals.    Even in countries like Mexico, for example, where areas are outside the control of the government and are virtually taken by organized crime, you have great examples of courageous journalists doing work, investigative work, on drug trafficking, on corruption, on the collusion between authorities and organized crime.    I will cite two examples in Mexico. The magazine Zeta, in the city of Tijuana, that suffered the murder of two of its editors in the past and continues to do great work investigating the Arellano Felix cartels and drug trafficking and corruption there. And another magazine in the state of Sinaloa, where the famous druglord Chapo Guzman was born, Riodoce, in a context of violence, they are still doing great, great work.    And I can cite examples on different countries where journalists, despite the threat of violence, the threat of persecution, the threat of jail, are doing very courageous work, even in Venezuela and in Cuba. You have a prominent blogger, Yoani Sanchez, launching a magazine, 14ymedio, doing remarkable work.    So I am encouraged, greatly encouraged, by those examples of great work despite these challenges.    Thank you.    Mr. Lauria. Yeah. I mean, I would like to just reflect on what the real problem for the public and democratic system of censorship due to violence and censorship due to government repression is creating. And I think that, you know, because of violence, because of government repression, many journalists, many media outlets across the hemisphere are not able to report the news.    I think that this is leaving many people in many countries unable to make informed decisions, and this is because of the difficulties the press faces in its daily work. And I think that an uninformed society is a less transparent and a less democratic one.    So this is, I think, one of the biggest challenges these threats against the press are creating in the hemisphere.    Thank you.    Mr. Lauria. Yes.    Social media in Mexico, we have found at CPJ, has become a way for citizens to be informed, especially in areas where organized crime are controlling territory and the media cannot do any kind of reporting, not even massive shootouts in broad daylight. Those reports are off-limits for journalists working in print, in broadcast. And, you know, there are areas in Mexico where citizens can only get information in social media networks.    So, in that case, social media is filling a vacuum. There is an information vacuum in many places in Mexico. People are completely uninformed of what is going on in their communities because the press has not fulfilled its role. It is completely muzzled.    Mr. Lauria. If they are invited?    Mr. Lauria. In some areas.    Mr. Lauria. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely.    Mr. Lauria. Yeah.