    Mr. Bersin. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Miller, Ranking Member Vela, distinguished Members of the subcommittee. It is, as always, a privilege to appear before this subcommittee. The title of the hearing is instructive: ``The Outer Ring of Border Security: DHS's International Security Programs.''    We have learned that homeland security, as the Chairman suggested, is inherently a transnational enterprise. We basically learned that, in a global world, the idea of waters as lines on a map separating one country from another is an old-fashioned idea, although it still has currency and relevance.    Instead, we have come to see homeland security as involving the flow globally of massive numbers of people, goods, ideas, capital, and now electrons on a 7/24/365-day-a-year basis. This is about massive, intensified flows of goods and people.    From this perspective, the homeland security mission is to keep dangerous people and dangerous things away from the American homeland. That requires, by definition, that we not see the traditional borders--land, sea, and air--as being the first line of defense, the 327 airports, seaports and land ports that dot our Nation, but, rather, that we view those ports of entry as the last line of defense and that, in fact, we do accomplish a lot of the work of securing the flow of goods and people, ideas, capital, and electrons toward the homeland by engaging with foreign partners abroad and by placing DHS employees abroad to actually start the process of gaining advance information so that we can conduct risk assessments and begin to differentiate between high-risk and low-risk cargo and high-risk and low-risk passengers coming to the homeland.    The Department learned this in two events in 2009 and 2010. In 2009, the underwear bomber, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, bought an airplane ticket in Africa, got on an airplane in Africa, flew to Schiphol airport in the Netherlands and then boarded a Northwest airliner flight headed for Detroit, intending to blow up the airplane over Detroit. Were it not for the actions of passengers on the plane, he would have accomplished his terrorist aim.    In fact, on that flight, our CBP employees had identified Abdulmutallab as a high-risk passenger and would have placed that person in secondary at the Fort Wayne County International Airport. But, of course, he would have completed his terrorist act.    We learned, therefore, that the border began in the context of air travel at the point of departure at Schiphol airport in the Netherlands and that we needed to rework the way in which we accomplished our work of protecting the American homeland.    What has happened in the last 5 years with advance passenger information systems, with pre-clearance developments, with immigration advisory programs, all of which Deputy Assistant Commissioner Wagner will be in a position to explain, and with the visa security program, and other programs that Homeland Security International conducts, we have actually moved the borders out. By placing our people abroad, working with foreign governments can secure the flow of people toward the homeland.    Ten months later, in October 2010, the Yemen plot from al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula demonstrated the same with regard to cargo. The stuffing of PETN and explosives into the printer cartridges, intending to blow up a UPS and FedEx airplane, led us to look at securing cargo long before it arrived. All of those packages were addressed to synagogues in Chicago.    Yes, indeed we had intended to look at those packages when they arrived at the mail depot in O'Hare. We learned that that was not feasible. As a result, we have engaged and have expanded the international programs.    I look forward, Madam Chairman, Members of the committee, to discussing those programs with you, the theory behind it, during the course of your questioning. Thank you.    Mr. Bersin. As part of the reaction to the engagement that we have had, the transnational criminal investigative units that Mr. Kubiak can go into much greater detail on have been a first-rate element in our approach with the governments of Guatemala, Salvador and Honduras to take on the human trafficking groups as well as other elements of transnational crime.    So, yes, I mean, the willingness of Guatemala to increase the units there, the willingness of the government of Honduras to continue the transnational criminal investigative units, and the similar decision by the government of El Salvador all point to their recognition of the utility.    Mr. Bersin. As you know, the relationship between Mexico and the United States at the level of law enforcement as well as at the diplomatic level is unprecedented. I can tell you, having lived and worked on the border for 20 years, that the way in which we engage with Mexico today is simply dramatically different from what it was 5 and certainly 10 years ago.    So, for example, the relationship that we have with Mexico in response to the unaccompanied minor and the family migration from Central America--we have seen a dramatic decline in the number of people trying to cross, in part, because of activities undertaken by the United States in the sending countries, but we should not ignore the extent to which activities by Mexico and Mexican migration authorities and law enforcement in their Southern Border has really contributed to a decrease in the number of people trying to cross into our country and Texas from Texas to California.    With regard to the violence in Tamaulipas--and you know I have visited with you both in Brownsville as well as in Matamoros--what we are seeing is the latest result of what has been going on in Mexico since 2006, when the Mexican government and the Mexican people made a decision to take on organized crime. We have seen 100,000--or just under 100,000 deaths since that time.    But, in fact, we have seen significant cooperation and the significant growth in Mexican capacity to confront organized crime. When we began with Merida in 2006 in the Bush administration and then continued in the Obama administration, Mexico was facing what was seen by many observers, Mexican and U.S., as a National security threat. In fact, if you go back to 2006, you maybe remember Barry McCaffrey, the former drug czar, worrying that Mexico was on the verge of becoming a failed state, which turned out to be wrong and certainly, in retrospect, is not the case.    But there has been a dramatic change in the nature of the organized crime problem in Mexico from that of massive cartels led by a series of kingpin figures like Chapo Guzman, but we have gone from four or five large cartels to a polarization of those organizations and the growth of many smaller organized criminal gangs on a local level.    That has been good news from the standpoint of turning the National security problem into a law enforcement problem. The bad side is that it has also led to the kind of violence that we have seen in Tamaulipas now and in Reynosa, in Coahuila. But, Congressman, it is not of great solace to anyone when you are in the middle of a storm to say that, ``Well, we will survive this storm.''    But we have seen the same pattern of violence in every large major city, starting in Tijuana 5 or 6 years ago, moving over to Arizona, Sonora, moving over to Juarez, which we will all recall even 3 years ago was the most violent city in the western hemisphere and now has seen that violence subsiding. Now we are seeing in Mexico's northeast this kind of horrible violence that you describe and that we need to confront.    But the relationships that we have put us in a better position to help Mexico confront that since, after all, it is a Mexican responsibility and they will confront, as they have confronted, violence elsewhere in their country.    But the point I think is that we will see this violence contained. We are beginning to see the reaction of Mexican law enforcement and the Mexican military and SEMAR to confront this violence, and I trust that has been the case in Juarez and Tijuana and that, in fact, the violence of Matamoros will subside.    With regard to force protection of our people, as you properly point out, there is great attention being given to that by the State Department as well as the Department of Homeland Security to protect U.S. officials serving in the consular offices and generally in Mexican diplomatic posts. I am confident that we are taking that threat indeed very seriously. Thank you.    Mr. Bersin. Congressman, I don't have a specific figure, but I do know that if a high-risk person is identified as constituting a threat, that person is not ignored. I can't tell you any, because I am not aware of any specific case, but I can tell you that it is not a question of knowing there are X number of people who have been identified as security risks who are not being looked at by his.    Mr. Bersin. As a matter of policy, they would. If someone is identified as a high-risk security threat, they would be investigated and not permitted to stay in the country. Yes, sir.    Mr. Bersin. I can respond to that, Congresswoman.    The AVATAR technology at the University of Arizona, which was a Center of Excellence, a Border Center of Excellence, and I believe will continue, although not as the administrative head, will continue there, has been promoting and developing this technology. I, myself, have seen it both in my current role and as the commissioner of customs in 2010-2011.    I know there have been significant discussions both at the science and technology end, as well as CBP's considering the use of it. I am not in a position to tell you why exactly it hasn't been deployed, but I can assure you that it has been investigated for potential application.    Mr. Bersin. I am not familiar with that program.    Mr. Bersin. Taking the last point, Congressman, first, I think you understand that the six Mexican states contiguous to our 4 U.S. States are among, in fact, the wealthiest states in the United States of Mexico. In a huge powerhouse economy those are the six states, from Tamaulipas to Baja California, that actually are not in the same condition as the Mexican southern states, which have been designated as the special economic zones because they actually are very unindustrialized, remain primarily rural. I think that was the intent. So it is a bit of apples and oranges with regard to the reasons why the north of Mexico has not been designated while the south, southern states you mentioned have been.    With respect to the continuing violence, I can assure you that diplomatically both the State Department and DHS are in regular contact both at post with Ambassador Wayne and his staff and our attaches with authorities that raise the issues of violence in Tamaulipas, both because of the threat to Mexican public order, but also to the threat that is presented, as you pointed out, to the U.S. representatives working there.    I believe that you are seeing the kind of application of force that produced the results elsewhere in terms of the assignment of SEMAR, the doubling down on the Federal police commitment to Tamaulipas and Coahuila. Over time, as I said, although no assurance and no comfort to those living through what your neighbors in Matamoros are living through, I believe in time it will have the same results that we have seen in Juarez and Tijuana.    Mr. Bersin. Yes, ma'am. We have, as the GAO had noted, have developed an international engagement strategy that is now actually in final review for presentation to the Deputy Secretary and the Secretary that looks at the priorities as discussed by my colleagues here this morning and myself, but also does it in a regional context. And we expect that that policy will be able to be reviewed by you and delivered to you within the foreseeable future, meaning, I hope, before July 4.    Mr. Bersin. So, Congresswoman, the databases that we have that are knit together, that permit a federated search, are actually, as Mr. Wagner indicated, better than we have had. They are constantly getting better as you can actually search in a federated fashion through all of the holdings of the United States Government in all respects.    There have been concerns and we are aware of the concerns with regard to the refugee status and the status of people applying for refugee entry into the United States. I can assure you that attention is being paid to that. The danger is that we do not have a record of someone who may or may not have been or may have been radicalized while in a Syrian refugee camp, for example. That is the concern. It is not that, if we have the biometrics or we have some derogatory information from battlefield findings, that we won't catch the person when vetted. It is to be sure that, in fact, we are certain that we are not dealing with a radicalized individual or group of individuals. That is the risk that we are concerned about.    Mr. Bersin. I can go in, in a different setting, go into the detail in which we have all of the holdings available and which ones are--let me stop there and just offer you a briefing on that.    Mr. Bersin. There is always that threat. The threat is that you are dealing with someone who is a so-called clean skin. But the Citizenship and Immigration Services refugee officers actually are quite experienced and the people that are looking at this series of potential refugees are among our most experienced. So that there is the face-to-face interview that is, obviously, critical in this context.