    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Thank you Chairman Price, Ranking Member Ryan, and members. It is a privilege to be here today. My written statement makes three points at length. I will make them quickly and then look forward to your questions.    Point number one is that the U.S. can and must do better on both the Federal fiscal outlook and the economic growth outlook, and they are intimately related.    Point number two is that one part of doing better is to change the kind of policy mix away from temporary targeting measures associated with stimulus to long-term structural changes to help the economy grow at a faster trend rate growth.    And then number three is a list of key structural reforms that I think are important for the Congress to consider.    Let me talk about each in turn.    On the growth and budget challenges, there are many ways to characterize this. You have heard some already. I think on the growth front, the key fact is that from the end of World War II to 2007, the U.S. economy grew fast enough on average, about 3.2 percent, that even with population growth, total GDP per person, a rough measure of the standard of living, would double on average every 35 years.    And so in one person's working career, you can imagine the standard of living doubling, and that would be the route to whatever your version of the American dream might be--sending a child to school, to college for the first time, or a vacation home, whatever.    At current projected rates of growth, 2 percent, combined with projections of population growth, that measure of the standard of living would double roughly every 70 to 75 years. And so the pace at which we achieve the American dream has cut down dramatically and is disappearing over the horizon. I think this is the preeminent policy challenge of our time.    It is closely related, of course, to the budget challenge, because, as the chairman pointed out, every tenth of a percentage point of faster growth translates into about $300 billion in budgetary improvement over the 10-year budget window.    And we have a dire fiscal outlook, one in which, the CBO correctly points out again and again, the debt levels are rising at unsustainable rates, one where, over the next 10 years, we are going to have the deficit rise to be $1.2 trillion in 2026, where interest will be $700 billion, over half of that deficit, where the debt-to-GDP ratio is going to continue to climb and be 80 percent.    All of these things are quite troubling and something that the Congress should take on. And in doing so, they will have to do some structural reforms, and those reforms will have to start with the entitlement programs.    There are really three reasons to worry about the entitlement programs. The first is genuinely the budget outlook. These are programs that are growing at, say, Social Security 6 percent, or Medicare a little under 6 percent, 5.9 percent, when the nominal economy is going to grow at something like 4 percent. So they are growing faster than resources can permit to support them. But that is the green eye shades argument, and it will, I promise you, having made it my entire career, resonate not one bit with anyone.    So the second reason to fix them is that these programs on their merits are not good programs. Our Social Security program is kept solvent on the books, and the trustees are permitted to issue reports, because we have promised to cut benefits 25 percent across the board when the trust fund exhausts in a little under two decades. That is a horrific way to run a pension program.    And so if you go through Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act, the large drivers of the spending increase that is our deficit problem, those programs all could be improved, they are not delivering at sensible costs the services that we have promised.    And the third reason is that the explosion in entitlement spending and the associated rise in debt invites economic problems.    If you are an investor looking at the United States and you see a fundamental mismatch between spending growth and revenues, you know one of three things is going to happen.    One, the U.S. could do nothing, there will be a predictable fiscal crisis, and that is not a pro-growth policy.    Number two, you could try, as that crisis approaches, to close that gap quickly by raising a trillion dollars in taxes each year, and that is hardly a pro-growth policy.    Or three, you can take on the spending challenge that is the entitlement programs, and that would be a way to, in a pro-growth fashion, address the fiscal challenge and invite investment and expansion in the United States.    So this is something that is central to our success. It is also the way to free up the resources for national security, basic research, infrastructure, education, all of the things the Founders saw as the basic role of the Government of the United States. Those are being squeezed out of the budget as we speak.    So I think that is where it starts, and it goes through a list of tax reforms, regulatory reforms, education reforms, trade agreements, immigration reforms, all of which could allow the economy to perform much better and which should be on the agenda for the Congress.    So I look forward to your questions. I would be happy to elaborate on any of those.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. So I think you want to recognize that----    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes. Looking forward, the key issue is not recovery from a recession. The bulk of that has been accomplished--at a slow pace, but it has happened. The key issue going forward is what can raise the trend long-term rate of economic growth. And that is not a matter of stimulus or austerity, that is a matter of what will enhance productivity, what will enhance the rate of labor force participation, and the kind of components that go into GDP growth. Those are issues associated with structural reforms, as I said, to have better incentives, whether they are in our social safety net or in our Tax Code.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. There is debt in the hands of the public, and then there is total debt, which includes, debt in, for example, the Social Security trust fund within the government. And the total debt is larger as a result.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. There is a large literature that, regardless of which way you measure the debt, demonstrates that if you have a high debt-to-GDP ratio you pay a growth penalty. And the U.S. is now in the range--there is a fight about what the range is, obviously--but it is now in the range of paying that growth penalty, and we have slow growth.    So every American family is getting less in the way of income increases, has had a harder time finding a job because of slower economic growth. That is a very tangible loss in economic opportunity, and that is what I alluded to in my opening remarks, the pace at which you see the standard of living rise. That is the price. It will get worse as the debt gets higher.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes. I think, qualitatively, Jared has summarized the economic argument in favor of the provision of public goods exactly right. My only caution would be to harness your expectations appropriately for the kinds of rates of return and actual impacts on economic growth that you will get.    If you were, for example, to fix the roads between my home and my workplace, something I really would like to see the District of Columbia think about, I would be able to leave later and get to work on time, and I could leave work and get home earlier, and my life would be quite good. But my measured productivity, what I do at the office, wouldn't change a bit. You wouldn't see any impacts in economic growth.    And in my written research, I have a long summary of the research on the productivity effects of public infrastructure. It is usually touted as something we can just do real quick and we will get these great returns. I would urge you to think it won't happen quickly and you won't get great returns. You will have to pick projects sensibly, not through the typical political process, and you will have to target them effectively at the Federal level.    Because the really big returns that you find in a lot of public infrastructure comes when Connecticut steals firms from Massachusetts or vice versa. That doesn't help the Nation as a whole. And so national productivity growth through this route, the impacts are going to be very small.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. So three things, probably in reverse order. Number one, ignore multiplier effects. Those common, if at all, only when you are recovering from recession. And this is about long-term trend growth, not about business type of fluctuations.    Number two, yes, there are lots of things that we do in the public sector that make the quality of life better, and that is important, but they don't show up as GDP growth. And if you want to make the argument you want to go from 2 percent to 3 percent or 3.5, this isn't the route to doing that.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Looking back and picking the big successes isn't what we are going to do going forward. We are going to fund lots of things, including failures. And the average rate of return is not going to look like the Internet or NASA. It is going to look like those plus a lot of failures, at best. So you have to be realistic about what you will get out of this. And I think that is the key.    And, remember, at every point when you do this, you are taking money from the private sector, and it has genuine investment opportunities with rates of return, and the things you get out of public infrastructure should have at least that good a rate of return, if not better, to make it worthwhile. Otherwise, you are actually subtracting. Even if you get a positive rate of return, it has to be positive enough to make it worthwhile to take the money from the private sector. That is the key test.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. What he said.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I would concur in that. I would also point out that it undermines the ability of the Congress to do its job, which is to respond to what voters want this country to try to accomplish. If you are locked into spending the money on interest, because you must honor those obligations, and you are locked into spending on entitlements, there is no room for discretion. And it seems quite wrong in a representative democracy to, in 2016, dictate exactly what we are going to be doing in 2026, 2036, and 2046, even in the absence of a crisis, which will also then happen.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. A way to think about it is, they are saying now is a good time to do something because interest rates are low. First ask: Is that something you want to do? Is that an infrastructure investment that generally has productivity effects that are larger than what you get out of the private sector? That is the key question, not the timing issue, and we are making bad choices all the time in the infrastructure area.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. And I am kind of----    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I just have to yell at my good friend, Jared, for a while, if you would let me.    Take the report actually with a grain of salt. Remember, this is one data point in a sea of zeros. And it is just hard to understand where you get 5 percent real in this report where there is nothing else growing at 5 percent real in the economy.    If you dig into that report and you look at the increases in earnings of full-time full-year workers, for men, it is 1.6 percent real, for women, it is 2.2 percent real. That is the economy that we are in. We are in a 2 percent economy. The rest, the 5 percent, comes from some additional workers in each household, part-time work, things like that. That is not going to persist. That is not a route to success in the future.    On the question you asked, there is a large literature of the disincentive effects of phaseouts of benefits and other parts of our social safety net, and I think this merits a close examination, because the dividing line between poverty and nonpoverty in the United States is work. If you are working, your probability of being in poverty is low; if you are not, it is 25 percent.    So everything that we do should be pro-work. We have low labor force participation, we have a low employment-to-population ratio, and we ought to think hard about work incentives.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I think tax reform is extremely important. Fixing the corporate code is top of the list. The corporate code has reached this sort of trifecta of failures, where it is a big impediment to growth and competitiveness, it is impossible to administer and comply with, and it raises almost no revenue. So it makes no sense in its current form.    Lots of evidence that if we could get the rate down to something like 20 percent, internationally competitive, get the base to look like every other one of our competitor countries, that that would benefit workers in America, because increasingly they pay the price of a bad corporate code by losing jobs that have good wages and good benefits, and it would benefit the attractiveness of the U.S. as a location for investment. It would end this inversion nonsense overnight. It is something that you just should do.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I have been at this for 30 years. I haven't changed one thing.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I hope you are right.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes. Can I expand on that?    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I just want to emphasize, we do a lot of work on measuring the regulatory burden at AAF. Sam Batkins has that portfolio.    If you just take what the agencies report as the cost of final regulation--I am not even saying they are right, I have good reason to suspect they are too low--and simply add up the cumulative costs of the regulatory burden since 2009, it is $800 billion in new burden costs. That is a $100 billion disguised tax increase every year for 8 years.    I know there are benefits to regulation, but it is hard to imagine that that is not harming the growth rate of this economy.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Particularly the long-term deficits that lead to the unsustainable rise in the debt, yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Yes.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I think the ideas innovation and turning that into new companies and high-quality competition. The biggest indicator of a problem we have right now is that the firm creation rate fell below the firm death rate for a couple years recently. That has never happened before. If you just keep your eye on startups and make sure we get adequate startups, a lot of things will take care of themselves. And past that, you need capital, access to capital.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. Ozone rule, clean power plan, fiduciary rule, overtime rule. I can go on.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I will give you a list.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. First, I would just echo the point that John Cochrane made about who is really going to pay that tax. It is not corporations, it is going to be lower-income Americans. And if that is the policy that people want, then fine, but that is what you are going to do.    The second thing that will happen is you will accelerate the loss of headquarters companies from the U.S., without a doubt. This is the most tax-inhospitable place to be headquartered on the globe, and it is a matter of inevitability that headquarters are going to leave, you will just have that happen faster.    Mr. Holtz-Eakin. I think so, yes. And one channel that doesn't get talked about enough is that it is the large incumbent firms that are most easily able to deal with regulatory complexity and cost. They have been around, they get it, they have their lawyers. If you are trying to start a business, it is overwhelming.    And I genuinely worry about the competitive pressures that are missing because firms aren't starting up and the innovations that are not getting put into the economy because of the poor startup rate.