    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Sorry about your illness. And I expect I am going to separate myself from you.    Mr. Garamendi. Not in your testimony, which was--covers most everything I have to say here--so I'm going to just shorten this and put my comments into the record.    But welcome to the witnesses. Admiral and Mr. Michel, thank you very much for being here. Mr. Michel, I am particularly interested in hearing your testimony about how we might do the regulations and the whole process a whole lot better. And so I really want to focus on that.    It is obviously vital for the Coast Guard regulations to be targeted, fair, and reasonable, and to get them done on time, all of which seems to be a very difficult task for the Coast Guard to achieve. Eventually, you do get it right, and we thank you for that. Eventually it makes it tough when those years go by.    I think I will just submit this for the record and get on with the testimony. You covered all of it very well in your statement, Mr. Chairman, so I will do that.    And with your permission, I would like to introduce in the record a statement by Congresswoman Doris Matsui dealing with passenger safety on cruise ships, and also a statement from the American Commodity Company dealing with what seems to me to be the current issue du jour, which has to do--who is responsible for the weight of a container.    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you.    Mr. Garamendi. He would have given us one.    Mr. Garamendi. I know, Admiral Thomas, this ballast water thing is going round and round here, and I appreciate your attempt to try to clarify and to inform us. You said something here a moment ago in exchange with the chairman, that there were three different standards: dead, not viable, and the third one. And then you just said dead, the international standard, dead.    I assume dead means not viable as in dead. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. Not alive.    Mr. Garamendi. It is the nonviable that seems to be questionable here. Is that the case?    Mr. Garamendi. Now that is where I want to go. Is part of this problem the fact that we have at least two--and I think there was a third--was there a third standard, also, or just the two? Dead and not viable, is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. OK, so that is--we will stipulate that nonviable and----    Mr. Garamendi . Rendered harmless are the same, and that is the second standard.    If the standard was simply dead, would it be more likely and more feasible that the test and the replication of the test would be better achieved?    Mr. Garamendi. So why----    Mr. Garamendi. Why, then, do we even consider rendered harmless or not viable?    Mr. Garamendi. Who then----    Mr. Garamendi. But we seem to be hung up on a shoal here called viable or nonviable.    Mr. Garamendi. The viability shoal. So why don't we just dredge this thing out and say dead?    Mr. Garamendi. Who created----    Mr. Garamendi. Who created the option? Is it the Coast Guard that created the option, or are----    Mr. Garamendi . We the responsible party here?    Mr. Garamendi. How many years have we been wrestling with this question of nonviable or rendered harmless?    Mr. Garamendi. Which is 1990s?    Mr. Garamendi. It seems to me there may be a solution. Dead is dead. That we can agree with. On all of these critters, is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. And we can agree that it is going to be dead for all the critters.    Mr. Garamendi. And so, the industry, whoever they may be--and so the industry basically has been hung up on trying to wrestle with this not viable or rendered harmless?    Mr. Garamendi. And the industry is hung up----    Mr. Garamendi. It just seems to me that--I will just make a statement and then we will try to wrestle with this. It seems to me as though we are--I mean I understand dead. You are able to replicate tests that a system kills it, they are dead.    Mr. Garamendi. You are not able to replicate the question of viable, nonviable, rendered harmless. That is where the hangup is. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. And we have more than a dozen different systems that will kill.    Mr. Garamendi. Period.    Mr. Garamendi. Well, it seems to me that the solution lies in eliminating the question of whether something is viable or not, and simply say if we are going to install this system, it is going to require that all the creatures, critters, are dead. Correct? And then we don't have any question.    Mr. Garamendi. And therefore, the entire industry is hung up, and we are left with mid-ocean exchange.    Mr. Garamendi. Well, I will be interested to hear the witnesses. I think I will let it go at that. Thank you.    Mr. Garamendi. Very good. Mr. Allegretti, you spoke of the Jones Act and potential legislation in--from other committees. Could you be more direct as to what you fear going on in other committees?    Mr. Garamendi. In the Natural Resources Committee.    Mr. Garamendi. Seems to be beyond their jurisdiction.    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you for that. I understand that the provisions of the Jones Act do not apply to the Virgin Islands, is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. And the cost of fuel on the Virgin Islands is, therefore, cheaper than the cost of fuel at Puerto Rico? I have been told by the Representative from the Virgin Islands that that is not the case, that in fact the cost of fuel in the Virgin Islands is substantially higher than the cost of fuel in Puerto Rico. Do you have--know if that is true or not?    Mr. Garamendi. Well, if the Representative is correct--and apparently, she is, since she lives there and buys fuel on the Virgin Islands--that it is not the Jones Act issue----    Mr. Garamendi . That raises the cost, but other matters.    Yes, I represent a big agricultural district. For the life of me I am not quite sure I understand why we are in such a quandary about this business of tare weights. It appears as though it might be the liability issue. Is that correct, Ms. Lemm?    Mr. Garamendi. So the liability issue revolves around the question of the tare weight written on the side of the container.    Mr. Garamendi. So if we want to solve this problem, we could--are there other issues besides that?    Mr. Garamendi. Within what range of accuracy or lack of accuracy? Five percent? Ten percent? One hundred percent off?    Mr. Garamendi. And the container weighs how much?    Mr. Garamendi. And 10 percent?    Mr. Garamendi. I get it, and I don't have that much time, but----    Mr. Garamendi. But it--your principal concern has to do with the liability. OK. So there is something printed on the side that gives you the tare weight. And if it is not--if the gross weight is not accurate, then you fear that you are going to be held liable if there is some accident or something happens along the line. Is that correct?    Mr. Garamendi. So, really, it has to do with not being liable. Well, we could deal with that, but I suppose a court case could also deal with it.    OK. Are there any other issues beyond this liability issue?    Mr. Garamendi. That takes us back to the liability.    Mr. Garamendi. So we are really stuck on the----    Mr. Garamendi. Well----    Mr. Garamendi. That would involve--I think my granddaughter now does that kind of mathematics in kindergarten.    Mr. Garamendi. So you are essentially asking this committee to somehow sort out this issue of who is responsible for the tare weight.    Mr. Garamendi. OK. Mr. Butler, what have we got going here?    Mr. Garamendi. Excuse me. At that point can we make sure that is in the testimony? Because some trial lawyer is going to want to come back and look at that----    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you.    Mr. Garamendi. OK. We can go around and around. I just wanted to get this little piece on the record. I see the chairman is back, and--you want to take it from here?    Mr. Garamendi. Mr. Chairman, I would ask that we place into the record here the testimony from a recent hearing that the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee had on this issue of the Jones Act. I will paraphrase very, very briefly a piece of it--all of it. And this came from TRANSCOM and from MarAd .    The testimony was, the Jones Act is absolutely essential for national security. And without the Jones Act, the military cannot have a reliable and available sea--shipment by sea. That testimony was extensive. Mr. Forbes asked a series of questions, as did I. Those questions completely--would be of most interest to you, to my--to the gentleman from South Carolina with regard to the Jones Act. I will make that available to you, and I would ask that that testimony be placed in the record here.    Mr. Garamendi. I don't know that this is the correct panel, but I am back to viable and dead.    Mr. Garamendi. And I don't know anybody that wants to comment on it, but it seems to me that the problem we are having with this discharge--and I guess there are the shippers here, so--Mr. Butler, you are going to be on here in a moment--the problem is that we can verify dead, and we can replicate that test that it is dead, but we can't get down to viable or whatever, inherently----    Mr. Garamendi. Rendered harmless, whatever. Why don't we just say dead and be done with it? And apparently the systems are out there that can kill it.    Mr. Garamendi. I didn't hear it that way, and I think we need to go back and go back over this again. And I will, after the hearing.    I heard it that it is the viable or nonviable issue that they are not able to replicate, but that they can replicate and have high level of certainty that it is dead.    Mr. Garamendi. Correct.    Mr. Garamendi. We are talking two different things here.    Mr. Garamendi. I have moved over to----    Mr. Garamendi. Well then, just--I am into creatures of the sea.    Mr. Garamendi. OK. Then just hold it for a second, because we are going to be out of time here in a few moments.    Yes, I need to go back, and I will talk to the admiral about the tests themselves. And we don't have the companies that manufacture or purport to manufacture the equipment, but I think we need to--I need to get into it in more detail. I think at this moment I am headed down the line that it is the viable issue or nonviable issue that is hanging everything up here, and that the technologies may be available to kill, as in dead, creatures that might be in the ballast water.    Mr. Butler, final comment on that. Then I have got----    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you. Man overboard surveillance. This issue is an issue requiring a requirement for cruise ships to install a system to monitor and detect incidents where a person falls overboard.    Mr. Carver, you said there were a couple of technologies that seem to be available for this?    Mr. Carver. There may be more than two, but I listed in my written testimony two companies that have systems that have been tested. In 2011 the Coast Guard asked for proposals on man overboard systems. They got them. But to the best of my knowledge, they never contacted the companies that issued the proposals to validate their proposal.    And so, I have often asked them----    Mr. Garamendi. In your written testimony, which I must have missed, did you name the companies?    Mr. Carver. Yes, I did.    Mr. Garamendi. Thank you. Well, David is going to contact them and we are going to see what those systems are and whether they really do work. And then, if they do, or at least they purport to do, we will do that. I assume the witnesses here are not into man overboard issues.    OK. Thank you. That is it.