    Ms. Clyburn. Thank you.    Chairman Walden, Ranking Member Eshoo, distinguished members of the subcommittee, please allow me to begin by offering my thoughts and prayers to the families and victims of this morning's attacks in Brussels.    I am grateful for the opportunity to appear before you this morning.    Competition, competition, competition. It is a phrase we have heard Chairman Wheeler repeat time and time again but today, I wish to preview an axiom of my own: community, community, community.    In communities across this nation, be they urban or suburban, rural or tribal, there is a communications divide, a divide when it comes to broadband access, affordability and infrastructure and a divide when it comes to the speeds necessary to take advantage of all the internet has to offer.    This lack of connectivity has disadvantaged so many of our communities that Congress and the Commission wisely decided to act by taking a few simple steps to help bridge these chronic divides.    First, allow me to applaud the leadership of this Committee as you consider commonsense proposals to streamline and lower costs associated with the deployment of broadband. I stand ready to work with you in support of bipartisan proposals that will speed the deployment of broadband to more Americans.    Second, I am pleased to have worked collaboratively with my colleagues Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner O'Rielly to create a blueprint for rate of return carriers so that rural communities are not left behind.    Third, and this is critical, once connected broadband service must be affordable. The Commission has a statutory duty to ensure that services are affordable and that low-income consumers have access to advanced services comparable to those available in urban areas. But for far too long, the Commission has fallen short of this directive. We have the capacity, however, to change this.    The chairman has circulated an order that, if adopted, would put Lifeline on the soundest footing of all of our universal service programs. The proposal seeks to achieve this by declining support to providers, unless a neutral third party has determined that a household is eligible, eliminating duplicates, and requiring minimum standards.    Now, my office has been inundated with concerns about the call for minimum standards, particularly for mobile voice, but the strongest part of the FCC's process, one that is the envy of regulators from across the globe is that our process enables parties to give and receive feedback. If parties believe that the current proposal does not strike the right balance, I have been clear from the beginning that I am open to taking and making appropriate adjustments and I plan to live up to that promise. I am committed to providing qualified Lifeline consumers with choice and competitive 21st century options. And I am committed to addressing those outstanding concerns that reflect the input of our state regulatory partners, as well as those forward-looking providers who are engaged and committed to real reform.    Finally, I am excited about the possibilities of 5G and its ability to fundamentally transform the way we live and interact with each other. I believe that the best way to deploy spectrum and the infrastructure required to deploy those 5G services is for the industry to talk with local governments and communities, for them to find out what the specific needs of the communities are and coordinate with them on how a 5G future can actually help those communities address their short- and long-term needs. Working together on these and other initiatives will bring communities closer together, ensuring that they are better connected and ready for the challenges facing them.    Thank you, again, for the opportunity to speak with you this morning and I look forward to answering any questions you may have.    Ms. Clyburn. On that particular issue, as the chairman alluded to, we are going through a Paperwork Reduction Act process, which will look at and examine the impact on those particular carriers. I think I believe it is 100,000 lines and below. I was pushed for them being exempted while we review that and see if the impact is in proportion with their capacity.    Ms. Clyburn. Absolutely. We have a Connect2Health Task Force and we look forward to working with your office to realize the potential that health and technology, that marriage, would bring.    Ms. Clyburn. We are still deliberating. We are listening to parties and winding up our ex parte process. When I started on this, it was a process that a lot of people did not want to take this particular journey.    Ms. Clyburn. We are on the cusp of making a tremendous change for those 39 million households that are eligible. And I am looking forward to continuing working with you to make sure that this program is one that we can all be proud of.    Ms. Clyburn. Thank you.    Ms. Clyburn. I will answer this way and more succinctly, based on time. It is my wish that whatever your desire is from a communications standpoint, whatever your need is from a communications standpoint, that this is a program that answers your needs.    Ms. Clyburn. Our universal service construct has always been viewed through a public and private lens. And we always knew that there will be certain limitations from a government standpoint in terms of allocation of resources, be it state or local. And so what we are attempting to do through our other initiatives and conversations and partnerships that we are continuing to forge is to ensure that the market has options that would be more in line with the affordability construct in which you laid out.    And so, it is a continuing work in process and I think we are on the correct trajectory to marry and close these spots.    Ms. Clyburn. We always knew that $9.25 from a federal coffer would not be enough in all cases to bridge the divide. And that is why it is so important for, as you mentioned, states like California, who recognize that, who complement the front economically and we are hoping for more interaction with the private marketplace to bring things closer to affordability for those who could use, who need broadband the most.    Ms. Clyburn. So, I interpreted your--hopefully my interpretation is in sync with the spirit of your question. One of the things that we recognize is that every situation is different and we must have the capacity when it comes to intake of those calls and complaints, which are huge, they are a larger number, that we each have the capacity to compartmentalize them and address them. So, how we look at them in mesh.    There are a lot of commonalities to many of these calls and we will address them in such a manner that would be in sync with that.