    Mr. Hampton. Chairman Shuster, Chairman LoBiondo, and Ranking Member Larsen, thank you for inviting me to testify today on the key challenges facing FAA's air traffic controller workforce. My remarks today are based on a report we published earlier this year, and our ongoing work for the committee.    Today the total number of fully certified controllers stands at about 10,600. This is at the very bottom edge of FAA's overall controller staffing range at the national level. Furthermore, a look at individual facilities highlights a number of pressing challenges that demand FAA's urgent attention.    Our analysis of FAA's most critical air traffic control facilities, the most complex and busiest ones in the National Airspace System, shows that over half of the 23 facilities have certified controller staffing levels well below minimal requirements. These include New York, Atlanta, Dallas, and Chicago TRACONs. These facilities are also stressed by large percentages of controllers in training and controllers eligible to retire.    We found that these problems are the result of several factors, including the lack of precision with FAA's model for estimating staffing requirements for facilities that manage high-altitude operations; not fully utilizing systems to maximize controller scheduling; a lack of accurate and complete data on planned retirements and training times; and poor communication between headquarters and the field.    In terms of hiring, FAA introduced several changes to its controller hiring process over 2 years ago, in February 2014, based on internal and external reviews. These changes included standardizing the minimum qualifications for all applicants; centralizing the processes in the Office of Human Resources; and introducing a new screening mechanism known as the biographical assessment.    However, the agency lacked an effective implementation strategy for the new policies. And as the committee is well aware, stakeholders have expressed concerns that FAA implemented the new process only a little over a month after announcing the changes, even though the changes were significant.    In addition, FAA did not establish an effective tracking system to monitor candidates as they move through the pipeline. It is too soon to assess the overall impact of FAA's new hiring process and whether it will lead to successful outcomes in getting new controllers certified faster at facilities, given the length of time it takes to train new controllers. Our work shows that FAA continues to face challenges in meeting its hiring goals.    Further, the agency lacks metrics on the time it should take an applicant to advance through the hiring process. In addition, many of the new hires selected through the new process have not yet completed required onboarding processes, contributing to delays. We expect to complete our report later this year with our recommendations for corrective action.    There are also several issues that will materially affect the controller workforce in the near term that require attention.    First, implementing scheduling tools to help facility managers better manage resources, particularly at large, complex facilities. We recommended and FAA agreed to adopt a tool that is widely used in other countries. This will help significantly.    Second, accelerating efforts to develop procedures, training, and tools to help controllers safely manage unmanned aircraft systems in the same airspace as other aircraft. FAA is taking steps to address our recommendations.    Finally, assessing the workload and productivity impact of new NextGen technologies like the $1.6 billion DataComm effort that will allow controllers to communicate with pilots via text messaging. This is important because studies suggest that this technology could allow controllers to handle 30 percent more aircraft.    In summary, controller training, hiring, and staffing issues are longstanding concerns and require sustained FAA management attention and action.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement, and I would be happy to answer any questions you or the members of the subcommittee may have. Thank you.    Mr. Hampton. That is a dangerous thing, to ask an IG to give a grade. But anyway, on this one, given the work we have done over the years on FAA's critical facilities, we would have to give them an incomplete. We think it is a longstanding issue that needs continued management attention. That is a stinging grade from an IG; I am sorry about that.    Mr. Hampton. It is an incomplete. It is a stinging grade.    Mr. Hampton. We don't know exactly what the right number is, but let me give you a different perspective. When we visit the field, we talk to the facility manager who runs the place day to day, and is responsible for running multiple shifts. And Mr. Rinaldi is quite correct, the certified controller is much like a utility infielder. He trains controllers and can work all segments of the airspace. So that gives a facility manager tremendous flexibility.    I think it is important for the FAA to communicate to the Congress a specific number, particularly in the controller workforce plan. What is the right number at the right facility? Particularly at the critical facilities. We have looked at this for a number of years.    So the CPC count is a very important number. That is our take on it. It matters to the facility manager, the guy that runs the facility, particularly at Chicago, Atlanta, and other most critical facilities.    Mr. Hampton. I think that is encouraging, that FAA and NATCA are working together. But I think it is important in the future that they clearly communicate to this committee and other committees what number they are measuring, particularly at the critical facilities. Are we measuring CPCs or are we measuring total controllers? I think that is an important distinction.    So it is a positive step, but going forward, it is important to clarify what measurement we are using. And I do think as Mr. Rinaldi said, the CPC number is important and it is OK to express it in ranges. There is a level of precision that is not easy to get here.    I think it is a positive development, but it is important, going forward, to see whether the next plan they put forward in 2017 will reflect that. It will be important to communicate the health of a facility by that measurement in the future.    Mr. Hampton. Overall, overtime nationwide is 2.6 percent. Most facility managers tell us if it is in the 4- to 6-percent range, it is manageable. However, at some of the critical facilities, overtime rates do exceed 10 percent.    New York TRACON, almost 15 percent; Dallas TRACON, 12 percent; Atlanta TRACON and Chicago TRACONs are 11 percent. So that shows a level of stress at a facility. It is questionable how long that can be sustained. It shows signs of staffing shortages.    Mr. Rinaldi?    Mr. Hampton. Ms. Johnson, yes, thank you for the question.    On the first question on the transfer, since the roundtable when you raised the issue, FAA and NATCA have worked very well. We don't have the numbers, but FAA has begun taking action, and we will get back to you and we will watch very closely on how well the situation is working.    Given the hiring situation, and the questions of how that will work, I think that is one of the most important approaches to address the critical facilities' staffing and CPC issues.    You raise a very important question on the retirement issue. Overall, FAA has been fairly accurate on estimating retirements. But again, at some of the critical facilities like New York TRACON, 39 percent; Houston, 30 percent; 34 percent of their CPCs are eligible to retire. This calls for very careful monitoring. When these retirements happen, they can have a dramatic effect on a facility.    So that is something that FAA has to watch, and I think it bears an important point that we made in our report, the need for working very closely with headquarters and the local facilities, particularly at the 23 critical facilities that we have reviewed over the years.    Mr. Hampton. Yes.    Mr. Hampton. Thank you for the question. We are currently working on an audit concerning cockpit security and safety. We would be more than happy to brief you at another time in the subcommittee in a less open forum. I would feel more comfortable with that, sir. Is that OK?    Mr. Hampton. We specifically made a recommendation to FAA last year that controllers needed better training and information to deal with unmanned aircraft. FAA is taking steps to address our recommendation, and they are going to get back to us some time in September. That is an excellent point, and it will impact the controller workforce. It is reflected, and I think Mr. Rinaldi would agree with that.    Mr. Hampton. Thank you. This has been a longstanding issue at FAA, and I think it is a policy question. If the new entity was established, it would be a first priority for that entity to address the staffing challenges at the critical facilities.    I would think an entity that was totally focused on air traffic would stand a much better chance of addressing it than the current structure.    Mr. Hampton. No.