    Ms. Ramirez. Yes, Mr. Chairman. It has been a privilege to know you and count on your solid and courageous support to advance our struggle to achieve equal rights for the almost 4 million disenfranchised citizens in Puerto Rico.    Decades ago you responded with your full support when more than 350,000 Puerto Ricans petitioned Congress for statehood. Today, you are again giving us an opportunity to obtain our equal rights and obligations as U.S. citizens of this great Nation.    In my testimony here in Washington, on May 22, 1986, Congressman Morris Udall was the Chairman. And I mentioned our full rights as citizens being the fundamental reason for the poor economic performance of Puerto Rico. Today I want to focus my testimony on the negative consequences of the Federal tax regime that has kept Puerto Rico labeled as a foreign jurisdiction for almost a century.    I have been hearing people here talking about the dire life in Puerto Rico, how bad it is. But did you know it is only for a group of people? Because we have a big percentage of people in Puerto Rico who relocate from the United States, and can live in Puerto Rico tax-free from Puerto Rico and for the Federal Government. I hate to get away from my testimony. I will continue reading it, but I am just too passionate about this issue.    In 1996, I have been hearing here about how, after Section 936 was eliminated, the former Section 936 firms used Puerto Rico's foreign tax status and converted to controlled foreign corporations (CFCs)--corporate welfare. However, the CFCs in Puerto Rico are not obligated to create local jobs or to generate any real investment in order to benefit from the Federal tax deferral. Using transfer pricing abuses, the CFCs in the island are causing the U.S. Treasury to lose billions in Federal tax revenue without creating jobs and investment in the island.    The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations identified one company in Puerto Rico--just one--that has come public that benefits from a tax saving of $22 million a year per employee, and they have about 170 employees. And most of them--I don't have the statistics--are on part-time jobs. The U.S. taxpayer is also maybe paying for some of this money that is coming and creating this dependence in Puerto Rico.    Also, to exploit the special Federal tax code of Section 933, the pro-statehood administration adopted--the former one--two laws in 2012, Act 20 and Act 22, to entice millionaires who reside in the 50 states to relocate to Puerto Rico by taxing their corporate profits from exported services at a flat 4 percent rate, and allowing those profits to be paid out to these owners free of Puerto Rico income tax. Bring them here and ask them how they feel living in Puerto Rico is.    Thus, the CFC regime in Puerto Rico has become a significant drain of tax revenue, and a formidable opponent of statehood for Puerto Rico. Keeping Puerto Rico as a foreign country, as we are coded in the IRS, inside the United States, undermines the U.S. Federal tax base, and creates unfair competition against local communities in the 50 states and in Puerto Rico. But the truth is that Puerto Rico is governed by the CFC regime and the economic power of the super-billionaires who relocate without paying taxes.    But that is not the only damage they do. They have the most powerful public relations army in the world, ready to lobby and fight against anything that endangers this outrageous tax evasion scam. The worst concern for them is that Puerto Rico becomes a state of the Union, so they throw their lobbyists out here. And you will have, enclosed in my written testimony, a letter from one of the lobbyists, precisely after the plebiscite, demeaning the results of them.    This is the reason that I find it impossible to fight against the CFCs if we want to achieve statehood. We have to make the CFCs part of the political status solution. Mr. Chairman, I propose that a statehood bill, with the defining terms of admission, and a 20-year transition period for maintaining the CFCs in Puerto Rico, come out of your committee.    There is a precedent for previous statehood bills to include temporary tax benefits, and a transition period was included in Senate Bill 712 of 1990.    Please do not hold any more plebiscites with the various options, we have been there and done that. We now put the ball in your side of the court. Define the admission terms and ask our people.    And, Mr. Sablan, we are paying for Mr. Cesar Miranda's testimony, even though he is reporting for the Governor. He is reporting for one of the status options, so we are basically paying for that.    Ms. Ramirez. Well, I have spent a lot of years now looking at this, because when I first started coming up here I thought it was the independentistas who were obstructing the deal. And I was bumping into these lobbyists who were actually----    Ms. Ramirez. I realize that.    Ms. Ramirez. What I mean to say is that I found these pro-corporation--this particular type of corporation lobbyists interfering with the work that we were doing up here to try to convince Congress to move on this issue. And since then, the GAO has produced--I have introduced that and have links in my testimony--has produced evidence that this is one of the biggest tax evasion scams in the whole world. Almost every country is looking at this very seriously. And I have met with people in the finance--in the Ways & Means Committee, and they are very concerned about the fact that there are all these trillion--this is in the papers every day--trillion dollars of money out there in foreign countries.    But here is the problem. We are coded as foreign in the IRS. I don't know if the other territories are, but we are coded as foreign under Section 933, which is what has allowed the benefits for these people who relocated to Puerto Rico, for these corporations. And I just have the numbers from Microsoft, because they became public. But I know for a fact that this is happening also with the pharmaceuticals and everybody else. The contrast is here we are talking about how Puerto Rico is sinking in bankruptcy, how Puerto Rico--do you think the people of Puerto Rico don't see that? That is why they are leaving.