    Mr. Whitfield. I would like to call this hearing to order.    Of course, today we are having a hearing on the Department of Energy's fiscal year 2017 budget. We are delighted that Secretary Moniz is here with us today to, I guess I will say, defend the budget because we do have some differences of opinion.    But, at this time, I would like to recognize myself 5 minutes for an opening statement. And, Mr. Secretary, we are delighted you are here. And we enjoy working with you even though, as I said, we do have some significant differences on some of the policies.    My concerns about prior years' budgets are repeated in this year's budget. I take serious issue with the nearly 10 percent increase in overall funding level requests. And I personally still question the direction DOE is taking on energy policy. I should note that there are issues that we certainly agree with DOE, at least in principle, and there is much in the agency's Quadrennial Energy Review that I think we all support. We all agree on the need to modernize, and protect the Nation's energy infrastructure and the need to have a well-trained and diversified energy workforce with the skills that energy markets will demand in years to come.    We all recognize the importance of a more integrated North American energy system, and the benefits of engaging in energy diplomacy, and conducting ourselves like the energy superpower really that we have become. We agree on taking steps to improve energy efficiency and accountability, especially in regard to the Federal Government's own use of energy, as well as the functioning of DOE itself. And most of us agree on the agency's commitment to research and development.    But on many areas, and the direction, in which this agency is taking with its energy policy, I personally, respectfully, disagree. Most significantly, this budget continues to reflect the President's priority to treat climate change as the number one issue facing America and is DOE's overriding concern.    One of DOE's stated priorities, in the fiscal year 2017 budget request, is to support ongoing implementation of the President's climate action plan. We see this in the programs that have received proposed budget increases, like the $2.9 billion, for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, a 40 percent increase. A 63 percent increase for wind energy, a 22 percent increase for corporate support, at the same time, a reduction of nuclear R&D by 23 percent, a reduction in nuclear technology by 20 percent.    And I might add that the administration has chosen to make climate an agency priority without any statutory authority from Congress directing DOE to focus on global warming. As part of the Paris Agreement, a nonbinding agreement, Obama and 19 other countries launched a program known as Mission Innovation in order to accelerate global energy innovation by doubling the amount of our taxpayer dollars in clean energy R&D over the next 5 years. And so the things included in Mission Innovation we have used before, but there is a 21 percent increase in the budget request.    The budget also evidences a misguided perspective on the proper role of Government in energy policy. A cleaner, more advanced and efficient energy system can be achieved through primarily private sector innovation and markets, supported by Government-backed research and development, not a top-down, Government-mandated approach. Yet, almost everywhere in this budget, we see DOE trying to expand its role and impose its own preferences on the private sector. And I might say that I personally take responsibility, I went back and looked at, certainly it is not all up to me, but since 2009, there has been a 35 percent increase in budget requests from DOE.    During that same time, household median income has gone down by 2 percent since the President has been in office. So that reflects really what is happening in Government. We keep getting all these requests for increases. And, yet, the American people, they, their household income actually is decreasing. And I take responsibility for it because here I am, chairman of the Energy and Power Subcommittee, we should be working closer with the appropriators. Because the appropriators seem to just keep following down, giving more money. And, yet, we should be, as a committee, pressing them on what we think. We have as much jurisdiction over energy as certainly the appropriators do. They appropriate the money.    But I personally, this year, am going to try to have more interchange with them, exchange of ideas, dialogue with them to give them our very strong views on where we think the President is wrong on his priorities for DOE. With that, at this time, I would like to recognize the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Rush, for a 5-minute opening statement.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for holding today's hearing on DOE's fiscal year 2017 budget request. And, as always, Mr. Chairman, it is my pleasure to welcome to this subcommittee Secretary Moniz, who I like to refer to as our superstar Secretary. Mr. Secretary, your legacy at the Department of Energy is unsurpassed, in my opinion, as you have left your mark on a wide range of critically important issues, from your outstanding contribution in negotiating the Iran Nuclear Deal, to reopening the agency so that it can more effectively address the challenges of the present and the future.    There is no doubt in my mind, Mr. Secretary, that you have set the gold standard as Energy Secretary in terms of your effectiveness and forward-looking policies. And I, for one, will evaluate future heads of the agency by the great legacy that you have established. Mr. Chairman, before Secretary Moniz took over the reins of the Department, there were millions of Americas who had no idea of what the Department of Energy even did, and many more who mistakenly believed the agency's policies had little to no impact on their lives. And I am proud to have been able to partner with the Secretary and his agency on a number of important initiatives that will affect the lives of many American families for years, if not decades, to come.    Mr. Chairman, following a private meeting in my office some years ago, rather than giving the customary lip service, and go on conducting his business as usual, Secretary Moniz went back to the agency and created the Minorities in Energy Initiative. Mr. Chairman, this single most important initiative, which was designed to increase DOE's outreach, engagement, and access for minority communities, recently celebrated its second-year anniversary, with Minorities in Energy ambassadors from all across the country, representing all sectors of the energy industry and beyond.    I am proud to inform the Secretary that on this past Monday, with the help and support of Chairman Whitfield, Chairman Upton, Ranking Member Pallone, and many others of my colleagues on this subcommittee, the House just passed the 21st Century Workforce legislation which, among other important priorities, Mr. Secretary, would also codify the Minorities in Energy Initiative.    Mr. Chairman, I must also commend Secretary Moniz for significantly expanding the Minority Internship Program at the Department, from only 50 candidates a few years ago, to over 100 interns who participated this past summer. This important program provides young men and young women with invaluable exposure, networking opportunities, and critical work experience that can be parlayed into important career opportunities down the line.    Mr. Chairman, I also look forward to engaging the Secretary on the important work that we both have been intimately involved in regarding opening up the National Research Laboratories and all of their resources to all segments of the American population. Secretary Moniz and I have both expressed our desire to see these labs become more diverse in terms of their leadership, their hiring practices, their contracting, and vending opportunities, as well as, providing internships and outreach programs to 10 to 12 schools and minority-serving higher education institutions.    So, Mr. Chairman, I look forward to hearing about the progress that has been made in these areas. And with that, I yield back the balance of my time. And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the Chair recognizes the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. At this time, the chairman recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back. And that concludes the opening statements.    And so, Mr. Secretary, once again, we are delighted you are here. We look forward to your testimony and appreciate your providing answers to questions that we will be asking.    Sir, you are recognized for an opening statement.    Mr. Whitfield. Is your microphone on?    Mr. Whitfield. Mr. Secretary, thank you for that statement. And at this time, I would like to recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Olson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired. At this time, I would like to recognize the gentleman from Illinois Mr. Rush, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rush. I yield back.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, I recognize the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    At this time, I will recognize the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Shimkus, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, Mr. Rush.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman, will we allow Mr. Secretary to answer the question and to respond to the question? That is the reason why you granted him the time. So please allow him to respond without any interference from any member of the subcommittee.    Mr. Whitfield. Well, let me just say that I think Mr. Shimkus raised an important point. I know there is legal action on this as well.    Mr. Secretary has asked for an opportunity to respond, so I will grant him that opportunity.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    At this time, I recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Latta, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Iowa, Mr. Loebsack, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia, Mr. McKinley, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield . The gentlelady's time has expired.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Kinzinger, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    And sorry my phone was so loud.    At this time, I would like to recognize the gentlelady from California, Mrs. Capps, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Whitfield. Mrs. Capps, you lead that field trip, and maybe we can get it going out there.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, I recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Sarbanes, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Johnson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Doyle, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. Thank you.    The gentleman yields back.    At this time, I recognize the gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Long, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back his 1 second.    At this time, I recognize the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Yarmuth, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Mullin, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Vermont, Mr. Welch, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman's time has expired.    At this time, I recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Hudson, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. All right.    At this time, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Whitfield. The gentleman yields back.    And now I will recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions since I waited until everyone else asked their questions first.    Well, Mr. Secretary, thank you again for being here today. We really appreciate it.    Reference was made to the nuclear waste problem. And I am not sure exactly how many nuclear power plants we have operating in the U.S. today. I think it is roughly 100 or----    Mr. Whitfield . Ninety-nine.    Mr. Whitfield. And this does not reflect on you, but, as a Nation, I think we have made some major blunders in the area of dealing with nuclear waste. I know the Nuclear Waste Fund, nuclear power plants have been contributing to that for some time. We have spent roughly--you can correct me if I am wrong, but we have spent roughly $12 billion or so on Yucca Mountain.    When the day came for the Government to take possession of this waste and start moving it to Yucca Mountain, Yucca Mountain was not ready to take it, not certified. And so the nuclear power plants filed the lawsuit against the Federal Government and obtained a judgment against the Federal Government. I don't remember the exact amount of that judgment. I was told it was roughly $10 billion. But do you know the exact amount?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes, because it is ongoing, because they can't take--so roughly $20 billion.    And now we are looking at maybe an interim site. And it is my understanding--and I think you confirmed this--that that interim site would never work unless Congress approves it. Is that your understanding?    Mr. Whitfield. Right. And so here we are kind of at a stalemate on that issue.    Mr. Whitfield. And then that brings up three other funds. On the Nuclear Waste Fund, the nuclear power plants are not paying into that fund as a result----    Mr. Whitfield . Of the judgment.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes.    And the Government is paying them every year, I guess, a certain amount of money to satisfy this judgment. I don't know how much, but whatever it is. OK.    So, on the other side, the D&D fund, the USEC fund, the uranium supply and enrichment fund activities. On the D&D fund, normally the money from the cleanup--Paducah, for example, comes from the D&D fund. And it is my understanding that the D&D fund is funded from the utility plants as a result of some legislation maybe that passed around 1992 or so and that that was suspended in 2007 roughly. So, since then, they have not paid into this fund.    And how much is the Department of Energy spending each year to assist these communities in cleanup, total? Do you know exactly?    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. I mean, I think Paducah is roughly $270 million, $280 million.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Right.    Mr. Whitfield. But, now, you all are proposing some mandatory funding and taking money out of the USEC fund which I guess has just been sitting there----    Mr. Whitfield. Oh, is that interest staying in the fund?    Mr. Whitfield. OK. And in order to go to the mandatory funding, the way you all are suggesting, that would require legislation, as well. Is that correct?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. All right.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Right. Right.    Now, OK, so--I wish we could talk a little bit more about that, but I only have, like, 20-some seconds left.    Mr. Whitfield. OK. OK.    Now, this is really a parochial issue. This gets down to Paducah. On September 2, you all issued a request for information for the Paducah cleanup project. And it is my understanding that the contract will expire--the current contract expires in July 2017. And do you have any idea if you all expect to renew a contract by that time? Or can you give me a brief explanation of where you think you are?    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. OK.    Mr. Whitfield. Yes. Yes.    And then, in closing, I am going to editorialize for just a minute, just a pet peeve that I have, which does not relate to you. I hear so many people talk about we need to expand solar and wind to make us less dependent on foreign oil, which I have never exactly understood because wind and solar is about electricity and oil is about transportation.    Mr. Whitfield. You didn't say that, but so many people say that, and so that is my editorial.    So, having said that, I want to thank you very much for being with us. And we have been here almost 3 hours, so thank you for your patience. We look forward to working with you on the important agenda of the Department of Energy.    And we will keep the record open for 10 days. I think various members said they--some of them had additional questions and so forth.    And do we have anything for the record? OK.    Mr. Rush, do you have anything?    Mr. Rush. No, nothing.    Mr. Whitfield. All right.    Then, Mr. Secretary, thank you so much.    And that concludes today's hearing.