    Ms. Moore. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank the witnesses for coming here and bringing their tremendous expertise to this committee.    I guess I will start out with the Honorable Paul Atkins and talk to you a little bit about your testimony and your role at the SEC. In your testimony, I think you make a lot of excellent points with regard to some of the misaligned incentives that people have just generally in financial markets.    And then you go on and on and on to indict various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act up to and including the fact that Dodd-Frank is 2,319 pages long.    The bill that we got from Mr. Paulsen was like 4 pages long, asking us for $700 billion, I just want to remind you of that. But I guess the question that I have is that I agree with a lot of points you make here and I am going to commit to really reading this in some depth.    But I guess what I feel confused about is, or I have a question about is, while you seem to indict the free market, just laissez-faire, you don't really give us any prescription of what you would have done to prevent this crisis other than to just indict the ``housing market,'' the purchasers of homes.    People purchase their homes; it is like a one-time event for most people. And you don't seem to have much criticism for all of the guys in the fancy suits, the appraisers, the underwriters, the credit rating agencies, the private label mortgage originators, Lehman Brothers, Countrywide.    And so I am interested in hearing how you square that with housing policy. Countrywide and Lehman Brothers, for example, were not subject to CRA and bowers that came in were--as I said people who do this once in their lives, they were not the appraisers, they were not the underwriters.    Ms. Moore. And a misalignment of incentives. People had to pay the credit rating agencies so they would give them a good credit rating and nobody is going to jail. I know people in my district who have gone to jail for writing bad checks for $1,000 and yet these people are still walking around.    Let me ask you Mr. Zywicki, you say that Dodd-Frank has pushed consumers into payday lending and other non-traditional financial services? I guess I am not familiar with the data which indicate that is the case.    I am not in love with non-traditional financial providers myself, but I wonder if that means that you welcome the activity of the CFPB to protect these consumers? I think my good friend, Mr. Cleaver, indicated that the CFPB has returned about $5 billion to 15 million consumers. And so, I am wondering how you think the free market would do a better job of protecting these financial consumers than the CFPB?