    Dr. Fleming. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yes, Madam Secretary, the Administration has been widely criticized for failing to respond to the incident in a prompt and responsible manner. This includes having Administration officials visit the impacted areas--and effectively work to rectify the situation whenever possible.    Of course, we are well aware that the Department of the Interior is very aggressive about going after the private sector whenever the least little thing goes wrong. In fact, in contrast to the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in 2010, then-Interior Secretary Salazar offered the full extent of DOI assistance and personally visited the Gulf at least seven times in the 5 weeks following the spill.    So, my question to you, Madam Secretary--how many times did you visit the western states in the weeks following the release?    Dr. Fleming. You are answering a question I didn't ask.    Dr. Fleming. Just please answer my question, Madam Secretary.    Dr. Fleming. I only have 3 minutes and 50 seconds. Please answer the question. How many times did you visit the western states?    Dr. Fleming. In response to this spill.    Dr. Fleming. Well, you are not giving me an answer.    Dr. Fleming. I did not ask about Mike, I asked about you, Madam Secretary.    Dr. Fleming. You did not visit. All right, let me move on.    Dr. Fleming. You are not being responsive to the question, Madam Secretary.    Dr. Fleming. Mr. Chairman, I will appeal to you. Will you direct Madam Secretary to answer my question?    The Chairman. Look, it is your time. Answer as directly as you can. Go for it.    Dr. Fleming. OK. How many times did you visit the impacted areas of Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah in the weeks following the blowout?    Dr. Fleming. In Arizona. That is not one of the states, as I can determine.    Dr. Fleming. Colorado, New Mexico, and Utah----    Dr. Fleming . You did not visit at all.    Dr. Fleming. In the month following the spill you tweeted 60 times, but did not acknowledge the blowout or the impacted communities in any of your social media posts. Why did you refuse to publicly acknowledge it since then?    Dr. Fleming. So you are shifting the blame to EPA.    Dr. Fleming. Your Deputy Secretary, Mike Connor, was at the Grand Canyon on September 15. Why did he fail to visit the impacted areas during the time of his visit?    Dr. Fleming. Not September 15. OK. On September 17, this committee held a joint hearing on the Gold King Mine disaster and invited you and EPA Administrator McCarthy to attend. Administrator McCarthy did attend, but you refused. Witnesses from the Navajo Nation, the Southern Ute Tribe, and the states of Colorado and New Mexico traveled all the way across the country to discuss how this spill had impacted their communities. Why couldn't you be bothered to cross the National Mall to attend?    Dr. Fleming. Well, I cannot accept that excuse. Your report was purely technical, and it was basically restating the conclusions that the EPA had already reached in its own internal review.    So, what exactly in your report could possibly have jeopardized the independence of your investigation?    Dr. Fleming. Again, I would just have to say it seems to me that the response in this case--and I think we all acknowledge this, certainly the media did--was lackluster. It just seems that there is a double standard. When something is caused by an agency within the Department of the Interior, in your Department, there seems to be very little activity, very little acknowledgment.    Then, on the other hand, we can cite many examples where something goes wrong in the private sector, people are fined, people are fired, and criminal claims are made against them. So, I think that the chef should certainly eat her own cooking. Thank you.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mrs. Torres.