    Mr. Price. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Secretary, I want to welcome you and your colleagues to the committee. We appreciate the energy and determination you have brought to the V.A. in a short period of time.    And I appreciate the background you bring to this; the business background, the military background, and I should say also the educational background, because I am well aware of the value you have rendered to Duke University's Fuqua School of Business, as one of their major advisers.    A lot of handwringing today, as there always is, about the constraints we are operating under. Maybe we need to remind ourselves that these are not written in stone. They are the results of very explicit political failings.    The Budget Control Act still hovers over us, and haunts the work of this subcommittee with its centerpiece of sequestration. Sequestration, however, is self-inflicted damage. It was not supposed to occur. It is the result of a very specific failure to address the main drivers of the deficit; tax expenditures and entitlement spending.    This body, having failed to address those, has fallen back again and again on appropriated spending. So we need to do more than just decry this, we need to change it, need to take specific steps to overcome it, that really would mean a comprehensive budget deal that deals with the main drivers of the deficit.    But if we can't get that, we at least need another year-long budget deal, a la Ryan-Murray, to get us off of sequestration and with some numbers we can work with here. And this applies of course to this subcommittee, and probably even more to other subcommittees.    So the resource constraints are serious here. And yet, a lot of the problems that you have identified call for additional resources, particularly personnel resources. And that is what I want to ask you about very specifically.    We are all aware of the unacceptable wait times for primary care, mental health, patients at various facilities in my district, around the country. We know that this is linked in part--this is what I want to ask you to assess--linked in part to a lack of primary and mental health care providers in the system, particularly at more rural locations.    So I want to give you a chance to address that problem system-wide. Is the lack of manpower, womanpower, a primary obstacle to achieving acceptable wait times, and adequate care in general? I know you visited a lot of medical schools, including Duke University, I would say. Glad you came there. You spoke to medical students about coming to work for the V.A.    How did you do? How are you doing? What can you do to recruit the best and brightest young people in the medical field? Where are the most serious shortages? What specialties, what areas of practice?    And then how much is this a matter of compensation? What else is going on here? What is your assessment, having looked at this, I know, very carefully? What is it going to take besides an adequate appropriation to solve the problem?