    Mr. Book. Thank you, Chairman Duncan, Ranking Member Sires and distinguished members of this committee.    Good afternoon, and I appreciate the invitation to participate in this important discussion about energy revolutions in the Western Hemisphere.    My name is Kevin Book. I head the research team at Clearview Energy Partners, LLC, a Washington, DC-based independent research firm. We serve financial investors and corporate strategists, and we look at macro energy trends.    Here is a trend. It is hard to miss the dramatic shift in U.S. energy security during the last decade. In May 2005, net petroleum imports accounted for 59 percent of our consumption, according to EIA data.    This fact linked our economic fate to the sometimes unstable political circumstances of foreign producers and the insatiable energy appetites of emerging economies. As of February 2015, the most recent month for which robust EIA data are available, net imports represented only about 26 percent of our petroleum consumption.    Much of this can be explained by the incremental production from shale and other type formations. We also reduced petroleum consumption by about 1.7 million barrels per day, or 8.1 percent.    According to International Energy Agency data, Canadian crude oil and natural gas liquids production grew by 47 percent between the first quarter of 2005 and the first quarter of 2015, which was from about 3 million barrels per day to 4.3 million barrels per day.    Last June, the Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers projected that production will rise to 6.4 million barrels per day by 2030. Although to be fair, that forecast preceded the recent price collapse.    In Mexico, where the last decade brought a bruising 29 percent production decline, constitutional reforms have ended the state oil company's 75-year monopoly. Pemex will retain 83 percent of Mexico's probable and possible reserves and 21 percent of prospective reserves.    But Mexico opened its first round of bidding for the remainder in December 2014. This week, bidding opened for the third of five first round tenders and the first onshore offering.    Brazil opened its oil and gas sector to foreign competition in 1997. In October 2006, a joint venture between Petrobras and private operators discovered Tupi, which is now called Lula, the first of Brazil's many promising pre-salt offshore finds.    In June 2010, Brazil amended its regulatory framework. The new regime gives state entities substantially greater control over the pre-salt fields. The first competitive auction in October 2013 attracted only one bid.    It remains to be seen whether, and to what extent, Brazil's tighter grip on the pre-salt might deter further foreign investment.    As the U.S. transitions out of an era of energy scarcity into an age of adequacy and, hopefully, abundance, we are likely to encounter new opportunities to contribute to the energy security of our regional neighbors.    For example, financial pressures forced Venezuela to pare back subsidized crude oil and products exports to Petrocaribe signatories.    The U.S. became a net petroleum products exporter in July 2011, which is if you look backwards 12 months an average as analysts are prone to do. Since then, average products exports to Petrocaribe member countries rose about 14 percent from 194,000 barrels per day in July 2011 to 221,000 barrels per day in February 2015.    U.S. exporters aren't likely to offer the same financing terms that Venezuela does. But U.S.-refined products can provide Caribbean importers with volumes to cover supply shortfalls.    Two U.S. policy changes--liberalizing crude oil exports and approving the Keystone XL Pipeline and any other southbound conduit out of the oil sands could contribute so similar cover for Petrocaribe's crude importers. U.S. natural gas provides another opportunity.    EIA's reference case for natural gas in this year's annual energy outlook projects net exports of a little less than half of 1 billion cubic feet per day in 2017, rising to almost 6 billion cubic feet per day by 2040.    Pipeline exports to Mexico appear likely to continue growing and LNG exports from the lower 48 have potential to enhance energy security throughout the Western Hemisphere. Liquefied gas has to be regasified to be used and the high total costs of onshore facilities may be out of reach for many nations, especially in the Caribbean.    Floating storage and regasification units provide a possible alternative at lower capital cost and with faster construction times, albeit with higher operating costs.    Completion of an offshore facility in Colombia will bring Latin American floating regas capacity to more than 2.8 BCF a day, most of it in Brazil.    Finally, Latin American electrification provides another opportunity. The IEA estimated that approximately 23 million people in Latin America lacked access to electricity in 2012.    My written testimony suggests that countries that cannot harness endogenous hydroelectric resources may short of fossil fuel baseload generation. Many of these countries do not rely primarily on natural gas generation.    With outside financing including facilities outlined in a bill that was passed by the House last year--the Electrify Africa Act of 2014--a number of them could theoretically operate new gas-fired turbines fueled by water-borne LNG imports.    The data on Latin America point to energy transportation challenges, in addition to generation capacity deficits. Simply put, the region needs pipelines and transmission lines, too.    That said, Latin America gets plenty of sunlight, creating an opportunity for distributive solar photovoltaic generation to supplement regions where economic development, population density, and/or topography might make the build-out of pipes and wires impractical or unfeasible.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my prepared testimony. I will look forward to responding to any questions you might have at the appropriate time.    Mr. Book. Well, the--you know, the problem with saying who gets hurt is that there is two groups of the United States that you want to think about.    The U.S. consumer is helped. The U.S. producer is hurt. And, arguably, the U.S. producer in some cases is being hurt very badly. In the Western Hemisphere, though, the greatest pain probably belongs to Venezuela.    Ultimately, their dependence on oil to fund their economy, the high breakeven price they need for all of their fiscal obligations and their lack of sourcing capital to produce that oil means that a low price really squeezes them hard.    Mr. Book. Well, it is a bad time to be selling. You don't want to auction off blocks at the bottom of the market, and I think Pemex isn't necessarily going to have as much competition as it might have had if we had been at $100 a barrel.    On the other hand, it seems like the petroleum industry in Mexico is rationalizing their auctions and trying to time for maybe right sizing it and timing it to not get totally burned.    Mr. Book. The question, Mr. Chairman, is what ability would the DOE approvals have? What--I mean, there is really--the DOE is turning around their approvals pretty quickly right now, which is good.    What they did is they have essentially now taken a bunch of brownfields projects, which are relatively good bets, given the cost of building one of these facilities, and they have said--they have given final approval to them.    This week they gave final approval to the first greenfields project, the Corpus Christi project. And now the question starts to become whether or not the investment decisions will get taken on some of these incremental projects.    But we are going to probably have--we have final investment decisions. We are under construction already, about 6\2/3\ billion cubic feet per day of LNG export capacity. We might end up having ten to 15 built.    Mr. Book. I think--if you are referring to my testimony I was talking about July 2011 we started exporting refined products, not LNG, and----    Mr. Book. Well, thank you for the question. It is a great question, because we are doing it right now.    We are actually already now supplying slightly more than Petrocaribe is to the destination countries--that Venezuela is to the destination countries, and part of that is because our refineries are, as Jamie mentioned, world class.    We have low feedstock costs, low energy costs. We are getting out there in the world. There is more we can do, though. Some of those countries are buying crude as well, and if we opened up our crude exports that could be a solution also.    Mr. Book. I think----    Mr. Book. Thank you for the question, Mr. Ranking Member.    I think the answer is it is bad news not just for Brazil but for the world.    The pre-salt resources, as I mentioned, are--it is a way to think about--it is the oil the world needs in the next decade. What is not being invested in now is going to matter much more to us later.    We have seen a big surge in shale. That is great. But the world is declining at 4 to 5 percent a year that has to be replaced. This is that replacement. It is an amazing resource. It requires world class companies making hundreds of millions to billions of dollars of investment in each of the producing assets they put to work.    And so for two things that have gone wrong, one is that they have changed rules, and that may have had an effect of dulling some of the investment enthusiasm.    And the second thing is that the corruption scandal is going to result in significant delays, in all likelihood, and therefore under investment. So bad news, I think, not just for Brazil but for the world.    Mr. Book. I would--Congressman, I think the good news is that we have everything we need in the Western Hemisphere. The bad news is that if you don't allow the world to compete the price might be too high.    Let me give an example. The Keystone Pipeline would bring Canadian oil down to the Gulf of Mexico. Right now, Venezuela and Mexico sell most of the crude that goes into those refineries from overseas, and Canada would democratize that market ever so slightly.    I think we might find that we get most of our energy from the Western Hemisphere, but we would always want to have somebody out there bidding against them just to keep the prices fair.    Mr. Book. If I might add to that.    Mr. Book. I have some sympathy for you and your colleagues who are addressing this challenge. You pay your utility bill usually about once a month. You fill up your tank 40 or 50 times a year, which is 40 or 50 times you are reminded how much you are spending. That makes it a much more emotional and politically volatile issue.    The American public on average is spending 6 to 7 percent of disposable income on energy writ large. Two-thirds of that is gasoline.    If you think about who it hurts when gasoline prices go up, it hurts the poorest the most, the people who drive longest distances inflexibly.    Mr. Book. The problem then is that there is a perception risk. Right now, if you go back to January '14, gasoline prices are now down about 66 cents or so per gallon. On the other hand, they are up 62 cents per gallon from where they were January of '15.    So if--you know, if this is something that you and some of your colleagues are worried about in terms of the perceptions, the sweet spot is behind us right now. It shouldn't be there.    I think Jamie is absolutely right. What people need to be focused on is the broader economic picture. But I certainly understand what the concerns are getting to that focus.    Mr. Book. Gasoline prices are mostly linked to crude oil prices. There is local--if you look at California recently you can see that when the refineries went out and just in general because they have a special blend of California gasoline the prices tends to be a bit higher.    It doesn't move necessarily the same direction all the time. But by and large, it was the collapse in oil prices that brought down gasoline prices.    Mr. Book. Well, there is three easy explanations. Demand was weak, supply was long and OPEC decided that they wouldn't cut. Those are--each of those requires a Master's thesis to give you all the details.    The first one was the one that I think a lot of people didn't expect. We have seen effectively a low-energy recovery from the Great Recession. Whether it is structural or whether it is just a slow recovery of consumer patterns is yet to be seen.    Mr. Book. Basically, yes.    Mr. Book. Supply was up and----    Mr. Book. And the thing that broke the camel's back, Jamie mentioned, was Libya. Libya had been blinking on and off like a bad light bulb for a while at 300,000, 400,000 barrels a day. It suddenly shot up to 800,000, 900,000 barrels per day and shocked the market.    When you look down after you have run off the edge of the cliff in the Roadrunner cartoons there is a moment before you fall. That was the moment. When they looked down, that was when the market moved.    Mr. Book. Well, there is good news out there, which is that if you put oil out there cheap enough for long enough, demands wakes back up and that is a good thing because with it brings economic opportunity.    What you have is most of the growth in oil demand right now is not coming from the OECD. The OECD is pretty stagnant, as you say, and very efficient. There's wing tips in all our planes. We are all buying new cars.    So when the price drops, it doesn't unlock a lot of new demand. Where does that demand come from? It comes from GDP growth in the non-OECD and that is where the flagging economic fortunes of the world have been a problem.    But if you see that oil price low enough for long enough, the investment that comes with it brings demand back, and I think we are starting to see that.    Mr. Book. Writ large, absolutely. Just the electrification issue I mentioned in my testimony that is a lot of--that is a big energy gap right there. But let us not kid ourselves. There is--even if we are driving cars less we want to fly planes and move trucks. There is freight and commerce to be done.    Mr. Book. Well, since Dr. Knapp has already picked the drill it, I am going to pick the ship it. The next--the next thing you might want to put on your list is removing the barriers to trade that we control.    We are the ones who have decided not to export our oil. There are other barriers we don't control, but this one is ours.