    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Wheeler, in a recent response to questions for the record as to whether you think stakeholders who cannot afford to have regulatory lawyers or lobbyists in Washington, D.C. should also have the same access that other stakeholders have, you made a point that the Commission does not have funding for routine field hearings, and similar activities, yet your emissary, Ms. Sone, has been routinely traveling to various events. In fact, it seems that both you and Ms. Sone have been wheels up quite frequently in your travels. So let me pose the question this way. Given that you apparently have a robust travel budget, isn't the real issue how you elect to spend the money?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Well, you have answered my question. It really is up to your discretion on how you spend the money. So could you let us know, for the record, how much the FCC has spent on travel in fiscal year 2013, 2014, and 2015 so far?    Mr. Johnson. Could you----    Mr. Johnson . Get that back?    Mr. Johnson. Yes.    Mr. Johnson. OK, great. I would like to see that. Commissioner Pai, I was listening closely to your discussion with my colleague, Mr. Bilirakis, regarding the designated entity program, and I am really struggling a bit with Chairman Wheeler's decision to eliminate the attributable material relationship rule, and the facilities requirement in the competitive bidding rules for a couple of reasons, and you pointed those out. You made a compelling case that this sets the state for arbitrage.    So how are we going to prevent that from happening? What actions does the Commission need to take to make sure that these rural small carriers are able to get the credits that the Designated Entity Program was designed to give them so that they can serve those underserved, unserved areas?    Mr. Johnson. Yes. Well, I can tell you that it is a real concern for me, and I am sure for other colleagues that represent rural areas of the country. I have got high school students that don't have access to broadband Internet service, and, as a result, they either have to go to a public library nearby, or some other location, maybe to where they can get a wireless signal or something like that, to do their homework, to do research, to do that kind of thing. And this is 2015, for crying out loud.    Mr. Johnson. OK. All right. Well, thank you. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.