    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. You know, our air traffic controllers are doing a phenomenal job. Some of them are being forced into mandatory overtime, 6-day weeks. That is not sustainable, and it certainly doesn't help recruitment into some of the busiest areas of the country, particularly New York and others. We have to look at new ways to induce, you know, fully qualified controllers to move there. And, you know, we also have to facilitate the hiring of qualified people and their full certification.    You know, there is legislation, and I have spoken to the chairman about this--I am trying to remember the number--introduced by Mr. Curbelo and Mr. Maloney, H.R. 5292, which would help in the hiring process, particularly targeting veterans and otherwise experienced controllers to move on and get to work.    So I would hope that we would take up that bill. I think it is a noncontroversial bill. I would suggest, since we are doing a lot of pretend legislation around here on the floor, maybe we should do some real legislation, and put that bill through before Congress embarks on yet another one of its long breaks in this year, which is more breaks than work.    The issue is critical. You know, many people have been talking about this for years. We have seen this shortage, the aging of the workforce, coming. And it is past time to do something about it. But despite all that, to hear air traffic controllers are doing such an extraordinary job that, you know, the number of air traffic control-related flight delays actually decreased by 17.5 percent in the last 2 years, I think that is an extraordinary testimony to them and the work they are doing. But I think it is not sustainable without an adequate workforce, so I am very worried that this will, you know, hurt our retention, if we don't bring in some more help.    The chairman also mentioned TSA. I have a bill on that. I recommend it to members of the committee. Every American is taxed every time they buy a ticket. And in its infinite wisdom, the Congress put through one of those really bad yearend budget deals written by Speaker Ryan and Patty Murray--so bipartisan problem--which decided to divert $1 billion, $1.2 billion a year, from security fees into the ether--so-called deficit reduction, or some other part of Government.    You know, to get enough TSA agents out there, according to the head of the union, would cost about one-third of the money that is being diverted. It is not right to tax people for something and then take the money away. So I would also recommend that. That does relate to our system and its efficiency. Unfortunately, it is no longer under the jurisdiction of this committee. But I would recommend it to my colleagues, if they are concerned about that.    With that, I look forward to hearing from the witnesses.    Mr. DeFazio. Thanks. I will move on quickly to the controller issue, but I just want to correct the record. Mr. Babbitt, you can help with this. You served on the 1993 commission, that is correct?    Mr. DeFazio. The 1993 commission, you served on it, looking at the--changing the ATO governance.    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, yes, you did, OK. Was the conclusion to go to a private corporation, or was the conclusion to establish an independent Government corporation?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Well, I have it here, and it actually--although Ms. Robyn and others keep saying, ``We were there, this is what they wanted to do,'' it actually came to the conclusion it should be an independent Government corporation removed from the Federal budget process. Not a private, not-for-profit corporation. Just wanted to correct the record on that----    Mr. DeFazio. Let's move on to air traffic controllers, thank you.    Ms. Bristol, why was this BA created? My understanding is the ATSAT had been compromised, and that was part of the rationale for the BA.    Mr. DeFazio. Or Mr. Cannon?    Mr. DeFazio. It is not because the ATSAT had been compromised?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, OK. Well, here--all right, let me just get to my point.    Mr. DeFazio. I met a person at the last NATCA event here on the Hill who went through the CTI, is working as a military controller, but can't come aboard with the FAA because she can't pass the BA and the BA seems to be designed to determine whether you have the temperament to be a controller or not. So if someone has gone to the school, successfully completed the school, and is working without reservation, without problems, as a military air traffic controller, is that test valid?    Mr. DeFazio. I thought that you had to go out--you hadn't validated the first one with the workforce, and then you redid the BA and it has been somewhat validated, but there are still questions in my mind about that validation.    Mr. DeFazio. I mean, well, why would you then want to screen out a person who is fully qualified, working as an air traffic controller, trained? Why would we want to screen her out with a biographical assessment?    Mr. DeFazio. Yes, but I mean----    Mr. DeFazio . There seems to be a problem. I mean what is the goal? I mean if the goal is to get people--you know, because it becomes more expensive as you go through the process. You have to apply the ATSAT. My understanding is it costs you $139 per ATSAT, compared to $45 for the SAT.    So I am really kind of wondering about this whole process, the BA, the ATSAT, and whether we need two processes, or whether we should have one simplified process, which is, ``Do you have the skills necessary, yes or no,'' and we are going to give you an ATSAT, we are going to keep it secure, so it doesn't get compromised, in terms of answers. Maybe we can get Princeton to do it for us for $45 a person, as opposed to $139.    I mean this whole process is aggravating. I mean I think we are screening out, potentially--at least one, and I am sure there is more than one--qualified people from becoming controllers. I mean you are totally confident in this process as the best way to go? BA and then the ATSAT?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, well----    Mr. DeFazio. I have a question for Ms. Bristol. Why is the target less than 2,000? The academy has the capability of processing 2,000. Why--and we have a severe shortage in many of our critical centers, and it is going to take people 3 years to get there. Why are we hiring less than 2,000?    Mr. DeFazio. So you are saying that your target is because of restrictions in terms of supervision of entry-level controllers.    Mr. DeFazio. Right. And the FAA has a target minimum headcount, which is set by some sort of mathematical algorithm by the finance people. Doesn't sound ideal to me, because the green eyeshades probably have something else in mind. And then we have the CRWG CPC working group, which came up with more robust levels.    Mr. DeFazio. So if we had a, actually, applied working group that drilled down into each center and came up with higher numbers, why do we even bother with the mathematical algorithm that popped out of the finance department with the target minimum headcount?    Mr. DeFazio. Right. So it was actually practitioners, you know, working with the bureaucrats to come up with real numbers, as opposed to numbers that were created by a mathematical algorithm.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Mr. Rinaldi, can you comment on this BA process? I mean when they did the control, how many--do you know how many controllers took the test and what their pass and fail rate was with the BA, actually working controllers?    Mr. DeFazio. OK, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am over my time.