    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, thank you all for having us here, and thank you for coming.    This is an important issue, as is any time the Federal Government spends your tax dollars. In this particular case, it is billions of dollars. I myself am a strong proponent of the concept of high-speed rail any place in this country that can support it. Certainly, I think there is a good argument by any stretch of the imagination that California should be able to handle and support a high-speed rail system.    I live in an area where what we have is old, and we struggle with problems of how to get it to a true high-speed system. You are building a new one, and my hope is that you can lead the way to show us how to improve our system.    One way or the other, America is going to have high-speed rail across this country. It will take time, it will cost money, and there will be mistakes made. There may or may not have been mistakes made here already, or there will be if there hasn't been already. That is normal. That is a normal part of the process. But I think that makes these oversight hearings even more important. Even if you are doing the best job possible, there are still differences of opinion, there are still people who make mistakes, things happen that you didn't anticipate, and therefore it is our responsibility to try our best to make sure that Federal tax dollars are spent as wisely as possible. That is why I wanted to come to California, and that is why I am looking forward to the testimony here today.    With that, I will yield back so we can hear from people who know what they are talking about.    Mr. Capuano. I am going to defer to my California hosts and let them go first.    Mr. Capuano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank the panel for your thoughtful comments.    Before I begin, I would also like to submit a letter for the record from Representative Eshoo, who couldn't be with us today, who is in support of the project.    Mr. Capuano. Thank you.    I want to stay away from the local issues, to be perfectly honest, as far as safety and getting access to rail. Good luck. You couldn't keep me off the train tracks when I was a kid. You are not going to be able to keep people off who want to get on. You do the best you can, God bless you, but that is not a big issue to me because I know you are trying the best you can, but you are not going to do it.    I am just curious, though, and I really don't know the geography of California, but on the presumption that--I am not even going to use San Francisco--San Jose is a job center to a certain extent, San Francisco being at the end of the line, once this high-speed rail is built, let's assume it can do everything you want it to do, go the speed you want, have the stops you have, give me an idea of where would I be if I got off the train after about 45 minutes on the train, approximately?    Mr. Capuano. Yes. I assume you will have a stop at San Jose.    Mr. Capuano. Approximately.    Mr. Capuano. OK, and I really don't know. Has anybody considered the suburbs of Fresno as a bedroom community to San Jose? Did anybody consider that today?    Mr. Capuano. The reason I ask is because I am sure that some people do that commute.    Mr. Capuano. The average person is more than willing, and I am sure they do it here like they do everywhere else, to commute give-or-take an hour back and forth to work. The whole idea of high-speed rail is, yes, to connect San Francisco and L.A., that is all well and good. But for me, it is more about providing affordable housing for people who want to work, because you cannot afford it here. You might be able to afford it 45 minutes south of San Jose, wherever it might be, in a town now where property values are half that, or whatever they might be. It is no different here than it is on the east coast.    So for me, I actually think connections to suburban communities is of more value to this rail system than San Francisco to L.A. To be honest, 2 hours and 40 minutes, good luck. I just took the train from Boston to Philly, and we allegedly hit 150 miles an hour a few times, and maybe we did, maybe we didn't, but we hit every stop on time. It was a great ride. I am glad I did it, but it was about 5 hours. I think you will be able to do better, but you don't have the same problems we have with curving track and the like. We have other problems that would take a lot of money to address.    But either way, affordable housing for workers is one of the biggest problems we have in Boston, and keeping our talented young people to fuel our economy is hard because they can't afford housing. It is kind of simple. And honestly, you are not getting many young people either because they can't afford to come here. That being the case, anything you can do, we can do, this country can do to maintain the economic centers of our country is a good thing.    Now, whether this particular project is it, I will leave that to the people of California to decide, because though there is a lot of Federal money here, it is mostly State money, and it is your prerogative.    We had a project that is similar. By the way, this is not the most investigated project in the history of the country. The Big Dig is.    Mr. Capuano. But let me tell you, criticize it all you want, it works. It did exactly what it said it was going to do. It didn't solve all of our problems, but it solved the problem it was meant to address. It cost a lot of money, and more than 60 percent of it was State money. And, by the way, when we ran over, here is how we funded it. We borrowed against future Federal highway funds. Every year for about 10 years after that, we took several hundred million dollars of Federal money--that we would have otherwise used to build other things--to pay off the debt. So the concept of advanced payments is not new. Call it a different name. It is a choice by the people of California as to what is the most important thing for them, which is why I won't get into whether this is or isn't the best use for that. That is up to you.    We thought it was the best use for the Big Dig. Now, as a former mayor at the time, my city got stuck and had nothing for a while. In the long run, over time, it was worth it. But I say that more as a lesson to be learned. This is not the first big project, it is not even the most recent big project. It is not the project with all the problems that you ever had.    Land acquisition? I come from the most densely populated area of the country. Good luck with land acquisition. I can't imagine that there is a farmer--and by the way, Mr. Flashman, that is how you say it, ``fahmer''----    Mr. Capuano . In the Central Valley that would be happy to part with his land any more than my triple decker in Dorchester is happy to part with theirs. So, yes, land acquisition is a difficult thing and is absolutely necessary.    Whether you get this project done or not on the timescale you want, good luck. I support it in general. I will do what I can to help, within reason. I am fighting for those same Federal dollars for my Northeast Corridor, and I want a high-speed rail from Boston to Springfield to do all that stuff we just talked about.    I want to warn everybody here, when it comes to Federal dollars, the pie is shrinking. The struggle for those dollars is growing. Every city wants a subway now. It used to be a handful. Now we all do. Everybody wants a commuter rail system. Only used to be a handful. High-speed rail is the next big thing. We used to have one, not really high-speed but kind of a medium-speed rail, called Amtrak in the Northeast Corridor, from Boston to Washington, the only rail corridor in the country that makes money, the only one. Why? Density of population. And it is not people going from Boston to DC, Boston to New York, New York to Philly, Philly to DC, DC to Baltimore. It is those middle stops that make the system.    And I say all that not because you don't know it, but I think it is important for people to understand that when we talk about these massive projects, it is not just one big massive project we are talking about, but we are actually talking about a series of smaller projects that are tethered together. You are not going to make money from San Francisco to L.A., but you might make money from San Francisco to San Jose, San Jose to Fresno, Fresno to whatever bedroom community it might be. Again, I don't know the geography of California that well.    I would warn people to think of it in those terms. Again, to do it or not do it. That is your decision, because every dollar we spend in the Federal Government, you have to match 3 or 4 to 1. Federal dollars are not going to save you, but Federal dollars will help.    With that, I really don't have too many questions. I just want to make sure that I understood this project for what it was. I did have one question, but I will wait for the second round because I have already gone over. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I usually don't pay attention to the clock.    Mr. Capuano. I would like to yield a few minutes to my colleague, Ms. Lofgren.    Mr. Capuano. I guess I would just like to start out by asking can anybody here imagine what would have happened to this country, the last time we had a major deficit which actually was greater than the deficit we have today, no matter how you measure it, if a conservative Republican President had said that because of our deficit, we are not building the Interstate Highway System? Dwight Eisenhower said we need to invest in our future. We had just spent every penny we had in war, on World War II, but we knew we had to invest. I can't imagine what this country would be like.    I am not going to say whether this project is the best way to invest in our future, or building dams, or something else. That is an issue for the people of California. But to fail to invest in our future, regardless of the economic situation, is shortsighted and stupid, no matter how you look at it. If this is the way you want to invest in it, good for you.    I do want to ask a question about the blended system. That is a new term to me. I want to make sure I understand it. That, to me, sounds like Amtrak. Am I hearing that correctly?    Mr. Capuano. OK. That is not a new system. The question I have is do you have the ability to separate this track in the future? Because, Mr. Hartnett, I know what you are saying, and I accept that you can time these trains right. We do it when we have to do it. But one of the biggest problems we have in the Northeast Corridor is shared track. It doesn't mean we don't do it. We do it. But we are doing everything we can now, and spending a lot of the money, to separate that track.    So I am just curious, as you build this, is there the ability at a later time to separate the track if and when the system proves viable?    Mr. Capuano. I get that. I am looking 50 years down the road or something. And the reason I am asking is because I am personally involved with two projects in my own area where we are trying everything we can to separate track. Some of it is subway and rail, some of it is rail and rail, some of it is Amtrak. It would help us greatly--again, I am not saying don't do the project because you can't do it, but I am hoping that you are thinking long term.    I guess the other question I have, and again it goes back to a personal opinion, as you build up these stations, there has to be one. You have to start somewhere. You are not going to build them all the same day. You are not going to open them up the same day. Is there priority being given to the areas taking local or regional leadership in allowing for smart growth?    I say that because if you are going to build a stop in the middle of nowhere, or you are going to build a stop in the middle of a community that allows for more residential development and more parking opportunities so you can actually get on and off the train, obviously I would argue to build in the latter. The communities that want to fight it, I guarantee you they will be back 20 years later saying we didn't mean it, but that is a different issue. We can jump over them and move to the guys that want to do it.    I am just curious. Are you doing that, or are you just kind of going full steam ahead?    Mr. Capuano. Thank you. I yield back.