    Mr. Lindholm. Thank you, Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson, and Members of the Committee.    My name is Doug Lindholm. I'm the President, Executive Director of the Council on State Taxation, also known as COST. I am here today representing COST and the 275-member Mobile Workforce Coalition in favor of H.R. 2315.    First, I'd like to thank Congressman Bishop and Ranking Member Johnson for introducing that legislation this year. This is the ninth year that we've been working on this issue, and Congressman Johnson has been with us from the get-go. And I thank you, sir, for your leadership on this issue.    The issue is how to simplify the patchwork of state personal income tax laws that face any employee who travels for work across state borders and, two, their employers who also have an associated withholding requirement on that income. Every day, hundreds of thousands of employees across the U.S. are sent by their employers to work in states where they don't reside. Most of these trips are temporary in nature. That is, you leave your resident state, you go to a nonresident state, and you're back to your resident state.    Currently, every state has that has a personal income tax has different rules for when an employee, one, has to file a personal income tax and, two, when their employers has to withhold on that income for the state.    Exhibit B, in my testimony, has a very instructive map that shows you the variation across the states. And this doesn't just affect business either. It affects all employees and employers, private sector and public sector alike. It affects all businesses large and small, it affects non-profit organizations, unions, teachers, state employees, the utility crews that come from neighboring states to help get the lights back on after a natural disaster. They can trigger this personal income tax filing requirement. And let me tell you, they have a lot more to think about than filing a nonresident return. It even applies to Departments of Revenue and Congressional staffers.    There is precedent for this legislation in this body. Congress has already recognized and protected from this patchwork of state laws. Industries that are highly mobile; Merchant Mariners, railroad workers, airline workers, motor carrier employers, members of the military, groups that are highly mobile are protected from this patchwork by Congress. Remember, this issue affects all employees who travel for work and creates a huge administration and compliance burden that is absolutely unnecessary.    The solution in H.R. 2315 is a pragmatic, effective solution to this problem. It just provides a 30-day threshold for temporary work assignments and until that 30 days is met, the employee remains fully taxable in his or her resident state.    Now, admittedly there is currently widespread non-compliance in this area. But the truth is nobody could live with full compliance. State Departments of Revenue would be absolutely overwhelmed by this small dollar returns if everybody was in full compliance here. And since the majority of business trips in the country today are less than 30 days, if this bill were enacted, instantly hundreds of thousands of traveling employees would be brought into compliance and they would not have to do a thing.    Now, what is untenable about the current situation is that if a state does start looking around and find a noncompliance in this area, it raises the specter or the perception of selective enforcement. And when you have selective enforcement, it tends to undermine the faith and credibility of our entire tax system. It is entirely appropriate that Congress act here. This is an administrative fix to a very different problem, one that cannot be fixed by the states themselves because of the out-of-state component here.    I want to commend the Multistate Tax Commission. They have developed a model act of their own and we helped them. It was adopted in 2011, but since then only one state, North Dakota, has adopted it. And it's only effective unless other state win-win and with other states adopted. And it is because this needs concerted effort to resolve this problem that this body is the only body that can take action.    One issue, you know, I am happy to take question on the specifics of the bill. One part of the bill I'd like to elaborate on, and that is the fact that the employer can rely on the employee's determination of time spent in nonresident state. For that purpose, that's only for purposes of levying penalties. The amount of withholding is still based on the actual time of the state. I think there has been some misunderstanding of that in the past that has been changed and corrected.    One other aspect, the bill does not cover professional athletes, professional entertainers, and certain public figures of national prominence who are paid on a per event basis. This Committee passed this legislation nearly identical on voice vote during the 112th Congress. We respectfully ask, on behalf of COST and the coalition, to support the speedy adoption of     Thank you.    Mr. Lindholm. Thank you, Mr. Johnson.    I think he hits the message spot-on. You know, the key word there is balance. The mobility of our workforce is one of our economy's greatest assets. This bill is not an effort to regulate our state tax system or to nationalize our state tax system. It is a recognition that we have 50 different rules and we could very easily have one rule.    We are a Nation of 50 states but only one economy. Companies that are operating within that economy have to compete globally with companies operating in the Pacific Rim, in the E.U., and South America that don't have to deal with the cumbersome nature of a subnational tax system such as ours. This is just a, you know, the problem is not that a specific state has the wrong statute. The problem is in the disparity of the rules.    Mr. Lindholm. You know, on the BATSA bill specifically, you know, we have the world's strongest economy and we still don't know, companies still don't know when they have a filing obligation when they enter into a state. That is unconscionable. That should be fixed.    Mr. Lindholm. On the sales tax collection issue?    Mr. Lindholm. The Supreme Court has indicated that the reason that they are low to allow collection is because of the burdens imposed by our 50 state system. We have been very supportive of the streamline sales tax project in an effort to get standardization in the area, standard definitions, adequate notice to make things simpler for businesses trying to comply with 50 states and thousands of localities, different rules.    We, therefore, are supportive of efforts to allow a collection responsibility as long as significant steps are taken to make it a simpler system for businesses to operate within.    Mr. Lindholm. Thank you, Mr. Ratcliffe. It does not.    And let me clarify, or go back to your initial comment about states that have no personal income tax because those states have chosen to fund their essential resources without a personal income tax. So, when those states send their, or employers in those states send employees across state lines, they should pay personal income taxes and taxes where they work and, as you say, do not have a personal income tax they pay in Texas for which to offset those. That is one of the reasons why there is a very slight revenue dislocation, is because of those. But, again, the person who is hurt there is the employee that lives in the state with no personal income tax who was paying higher property taxes or higher sales taxes because the state has no personal income tax.    The filing burden is enormous. And the rate of noncompliance because of the filing burden is enormous. The AICPA is one of the strongest supporters of this bill. They are put in a terrible position of having somebody come to them and say, ``I have worked in ten states, do I have to file in those states?''    And legally, the answer is, yes, you have to file in those states. And by the way, we are going to have to charge an extra $200 per state return. It really puts the CPAs in a very difficult box because of the complexity, because of the added cost.