    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to welcome the witnesses, especially my constituent, Mr. Borck, who has come a long way from Humboldt County, California.    This is the last week, Mr. Chairman, that we are here before heading back to our districts for 7 weeks. I think it is important to point out that when we return, we will have only 8 weeks left in this Congress. There are a number of very important issues that we ought to be addressing; unfortunately, we are here once again in this subcommittee wasting taxpayer dollars on a farce of a hearing to attack the Endangered Species Act and blame environmental protections for California's drought, even though this preposterous claim has been debunked time and again. But I guess I really shouldn't be surprised.    The standard bearer right now for the Republican party, Donald Trump, famously said a few weeks ago in California's Central Valley that there is no drought. He went on to make the same claims that we are going to hear today, blaming water shortages on the Endangered Species Act. His statement on California's drought was rightfully mocked by experts, found to be false by nonpartisan, independent fact checkers, and yet apparently that fact checking did not sink in here in this Congress.    So, let me share a few facts. Fact one, the 2014 water year was the third driest in recorded history, and according to experts, paleontologists, folks who study tree ring records, they conclude the current drought in California is likely the most severe in 1,200 years. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor, 100 percent of the state is currently experiencing some level of drought. To say there is no hydrological drought in California is absurd.    Another fact, the Department of the Interior estimates that the Endangered Species Act accounted for a mere 2 percent of the water supply reduction in the Central Valley Project (CVP) water deliveries in the year 2014 and similar small impacts in 2015. In other words, if there was no Endangered Species Act, if my Republican colleagues got everything they want, simply eliminated the Endangered Species Act, they would get about 2 percent more water in the year 2014, maybe a little bit more than that in 2015.    Third fact, California's State Water Board estimated that in 2015, of all the runoff in the Bay Delta watershed that flowed to San Francisco Bay, in other words, the water that Donald Trump says was being ``shoved to the sea by environmentalists,'' only 2 percent of this runoff actually flowed out to the ocean solely for environmental protection. The vast majority was released to keep the system from salting up, for salinity control, so that we could continue to have that water used by agriculture, by cities, by millions of people who depend on it.    While we are in fact check mode, I want to also examine this notion that somehow California's farming industry is not getting water because of the Endangered Species Act. While some people with vested interests continue to peddle this fiction, the numbers tell a different story. Even in this fifth year of a historic drought, millions of acre-feet of water are being delivered to major agricultural water users. For example, one of the Republican witnesses today, the Tehama-Colusa Canal Authority, will get 100 percent of its maximum water allocation this year. The other Republican witness represents a large group of Ag. users in the San Joaquin Valley that includes the San Joaquin Valley exchange contractors, and they are projected to get 100 percent of their maximum water allocation of around 800,000 acre-feet, for free by the way.    So, make no mistake, Mr. Chairman, a tremendous amount of water is being delivered to agriculture during this drought. In fact, if you average together all the CVP deliveries for all the different contractors, most of whom are agricultural water users, the CVP is expected to deliver about 60 percent of maximum contract quantities this year.    Now, some junior contractors will be significantly impacted much more than those that are getting 100 percent or those that are getting high allocations. That is because they have no water rights, that is because that is the way the system works. But it does not mean they will have no water, because they will buy water from some of those that are getting the high allocations, they will turn to other sources, and they will have some water, even though there will be sacrifice, as you would expect in the fifth year of a critical drought.    It is true that much of the water has been made available, and this is an important point because year after year state and Federal agencies have taken water that was supposed to be used to sustain California's fisheries and they have redirected it, primarily to powerful agricultural interests. Fisheries protections have been cut to the bone and the result has been a disaster for salmon fishermen. There is a zero buffer for endangered fish in this drought.    Federal officials recently announced that there was a 97 percent mortality rate for juvenile Sacramento River winter-run salmon in 2015. The year before that it was 95 percent mortality. So, there is extreme hardship for the families, communities, and tribes who depend on salmon. There are jobs on the ecosystem side of this water system as well, and that is something that we will continue to point out.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Huffman. Thanks, Mr. Chairman.    It is an honor for me to welcome and to introduce Bob Borck, who is a commercial fisherman in Eureka, California. Right now, our commercial fishermen, their families, and the communities that they are a part of are hanging by a thread. They have had a failed salmon season last year. We had an unprecedented mostly closure of the very important Dungeness crab fishery because of an algae bloom, and some boats are being sold and marinas are struggling.    Mr. Borck is here to remind us that on the fisheries side of this equation there are also real people, real communities, Ford dealerships, churches, boat dealers, and Rotary clubs. There is a human element to that side of this system as well, and I welcome Mr. Borck here to tell us a bit about it.    Mr. Huffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The other problem is we keep making the same old claims that have been refuted and debunked time and again. One of them is that these biological opinions and the flow parameters that are driven by them are somehow not based on science.    I will ask our witnesses from the Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service quickly about that. These opinions were challenged in court, correct? And they were upheld by the Federal courts, correct? Then at the behest of those who have continued to criticize them, there was an independent peer review by none other than the National Academy of Science, correct? And they were upheld as being scientifically justified by the highest peer review body in the United States of America, correct?    I would hope that we can move beyond continuing to misrepresent the facts on this important issue.    One thing that should be beyond dispute is that for the last 2 years, the project operators have found flexibility within those biological opinions in order to redirect some water that could have gone to fisheries protections, and instead moved them into water deliveries.    So, Mr. Murillo, I just want to ask if it is true that state and Federal agencies used existing flexibility under the Endangered Species Act to redirect about 1.3 million acre-feet over the last 2 years, and doesn't that show that you have been operating the system to try to find as much flexibility as possible?    Mr. Huffman. One consequence of operating the system with that aggressive flexibility has been fishery impacts, as we have heard from our fisheries agencies. So, I just want to ask the two fisheries agencies here if they would agree with the proposition that that flexibility has in turn caused some harm to the struggling fisheries?    Mr. Huffman. But my question is whether that flexibility has resulted in some negative consequence to the fisheries. I need a quick answer, if you could, please.    Mr. Huffman. All right. And, Mr. Thom, would you agree with that?    Mr. Huffman. One of the things at the heart of our discussion here today is that we are continuing to operate the system very aggressively to try to maximize water deliveries, and one consequence of that with the Bureau's temperature management proposal for Lake Shasta and the Sacramento River, is that if it turns out that you have run the system too hard and you have to cut back deliveries to conserve cold water, there is a whiplash effect on Mr. Sutton and on others. So, I am sympathetic to the testimony that he gives about the lack of certainty and the fact that he has planted crops, he has taken out loans, and he is feeling some potential whiplash if this has to happen. Yet, isn't that a consequence of this philosophy that you run the system as aggressively as you can with zero margin for the fishery, and then if it looks like you are about to hit an extinction problem, you cut back deliveries?    There are others that are proposing that we should actually legislate something like that, that we should only cut back for the smelt when they are found exactly in the right place based on real-time management, which would produce that exact same whiplash effect.    So, I guess I am wondering--I have already heard Mr. Sutton explain why this is not working too well for his farmers, that lack of certainty, but I will ask you, Mr. Borck, how well is it working, the fact that we are operating the system to minimum protections and aggressively, with zero margin for error for the fisheries? How has that been working for the fisheries side of the system?    Mr. Huffman. Thank you.    Thanks, Mr. Chairman.