    Chairman Garrett. Good morning. The Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises will hereby come to order. Today's hearing is entitled, ``The JOBS Act at Four: Examining Its Impact and Proposals to Further Enhance Capital Formation.''    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Also, without objection, members of the full Financial Services Committee who are not members of the subcommittee may sit on the dais and participate in today's hearing.    I welcome all the members on the panel today.    And with that, I now recognize myself for 3 minutes for an opening statement.    It is not often that Congress can look back at a major piece of legislation and be able to measure the tangible positive impact of it that it is having on people's lives and our economy. Too often, we find ourselves, especially in this committee, counting up the costs of the many misguided Washington mandates and comparing them with the so-called phantom benefits promised by the bureaucratic class and the sponsors of those regulations.    Fortunately, that is not the case today. The Jumpstart Our Business Startups, or the JOBS Act, signed into law literally 4 years ago this month, has, by I think most measures, been a resounding success for our economy and for the future of innovation here in the United States.    The JOBS Act did this not by creating new Federal mandates or spending taxpayers' money on wasteful government programs, but instead by empowering entrepreneurs and innovators who were struggling under a regulatory regime that was better suited for 1934 than it was for 2016.    So, just consider some of these facts.    First, the JOBS Act has led to a resurgence in the initial public offering, the IPO market, with some 85 percent--yes, 85 percent--of IPOs since April 2012 coming from emerging growth companies.    Second, companies have raised some $50 billion under the new Reg D provisions that allow businesses to solicit an offering to the general public.    Third, while the newly modernized Reg A-plus is only a year old, businesses are already beginning to issue securities under that exemption.    And finally, recent reports indicates that the SEC has already received up to 30 applications for portals under the new crowdfunding rules, which are set to go into effect next month.    So while it is clear that many parts of the JOBS Act are working as intended, the point of the hearing that we are having today is not to say how great we are for doing that, and job well done. For starters, because the Senate tried its best, you would say, back in 2012 to neuter some of the provisions, especially in the crowdfunding title, and the SEC has also taken some liberties with other rulemakings, the JOBS Act obviously needs a little bit of fixing.    So I want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. McHenry, for putting forward the Fix the Crowdfunding Act. What does it do? It makes some necessary changes to help ensure that Title III reaches its full potential.    And additionally, I have put forward a bill called the Private Placement Improvement Act, which will prohibit the SEC from implementing some burdensome new regulations on Reg D issuers that are uncalled for in the JOBS Act.    We will also consider two other bills today. Mr. Emmer, who is here today with us, has introduced an innovative bill that would create a safe harbor, if you will, for so-called micro-offerings. And Mr. McHenry, again, has another bill, which would raise the threshold for when venture capital funds would have to register with the SEC.    So finally, in addition to these targeted fixes, I am also interested in hearing from the witnesses about further areas that Congress should be addressing in order to maintain the competitiveness in our capital markets. For example, we should be exploring the cumulative burden that comes with being a public company, including, unfortunately, some of the ridiculous disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as the outside influence that proxy advisor firms have in the corporate government arena.    It is also time, finally, to think more about the lack of research and liquidity that exists for some public companies and whether the Equity Research Global Settlement of 2003 swung the pendulum just too far and has led to a dearth of research for small cap funds.    So these are all very important questions, and I look forward to hearing from each one of our witnesses today.    And with that, I now yield to the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. I thank the gentlelady, and for her questions that she raises there, as well.    I now recognize the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Hurt, for 2 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. I thank the gentleman.    We now turn to our panel before us.    Some of you have been here before; some have not. You will each be recognized for 5 minutes, and without objection, your full written statements will be made a part of the record.    We will begin with Mr. Atkins.    Welcome to the panel once again. It is good to see you. And you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. And I thank you.    Next, Mr. Beatty, welcome, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. I thank you, Mr. Beatty.    Next up, Mr. Griggs. Welcome, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thanks for your testimony.    Next up, Mr. Keating. Welcome, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    Last but not least, Mr. Laws, you are welcome and recognized now for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you.    This is fascinating. I appreciate all the members on the panel.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    I will start with Mr. Atkins. You testified on this both in your testimony and just right now, as well, with regard to the proposed new restrictions of Reg D and including requirements as far as filing Form D, and before an offering is completed. You also just mentioned the fact as far as the 1-year ban on offerings.    So I am going to give you one, two, three quick questions to recapsulize that.    One, do these requirements that are out there do anything to enhance investor protection? Two, from your viewpoint, is the mere existence--and you sort of touched on this--of these proposals, even without the SEC implementing them, putting a lid on the 506(c) market? And three, is this doing--and I will go back if you want me to--anything that is burdensome now to your colleague next to you, as far as the State regulators doing their jobs, if we don't go in that direction?    So the first thing is, is this doing anything to advance investor protection, what the SEC is doing?    Chairman Garrett. That is the second point. You said it is dampening, why? The attorneys are recommending to them--    Chairman Garrett. I will throw that same question over--Mr. Griggs, if you were listening, too, at the same time, in general, as we go down the three points as far--is there a dampening effect of the proposed rules? On the flipside, should we have it for investor protection?    Chairman Garrett. I was going to Mr. Griggs actually on that one.    Chairman Garrett. That is okay.    Mr. Griggs?    Chairman Garrett. Okay.    And I want to jump down to Mr. Laws on where you were going. Well, one flippant sort of answer--response to the problem of--you raise a really crucial aspect is how do these people get into the marketplace and how do they know what the rules are without the lawyers there beforehand? How do they get the money to hire the lawyers?    Should we have a legal aid society for these--I am just being facetious on--    Chairman Garrett. So, Mr. Keating, right now I--maybe right about now there are oral arguments in the challenge to the SEC's final Reg A-plus set to begin this morning in the D.C. Circuit Court. And as you know, as the JOBS Act was being developed, many reports, including one from the GAO, pointed out that the maze of State registration requirements was a direct cause for the lack of Reg A offerings over the years, and that is basically what we have been sort of hearing this morning.    In your testimony, you refer to Reg A-plus as the sleeper of the JOBS Act. Can you just delve in a little bit more as to what the effect on the Reg A market would be if the State challenges prevailed in the court arguments today?    Chairman Garrett. I will throw this out to a couple of you. Maybe I will start with you, Mr. Keating.    You say you like to hear the data and what have you. Mr. Beatty was raising the argument that so would he, that he would like to have the data before we move forward on a number of these--certain ones of these provisions on the State level and see how it plays out first.    So is that an argument? Maybe we should just be waiting on this and let the--just put a hold on it, let the SEC continue--    Chairman Garrett. So the results are in.    Chairman Garrett. So the two takeaways is, is this working, and Congress needs to go back to Economics 101 class.    Chairman Garrett. Okay.    Chairman Garrett. With that--also a flippant comment--I will now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, the gentlelady from New York, Mrs. Maloney, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Without objection, it is so ordered.    Chairman Garrett. The gentlelady's time has expired. Thank you. Thank you for the questions.    We are joined now by the sponsor of the McHenry bill, Mr. McHenry.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time has expired. I thank the gentleman.    The gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, is recognized.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    The vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Hurt, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back with a short answer.    The gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Himes, is now recognized.    Chairman Garrett. We are just over time for everyone. We will circle back.    Chairman Garrett. I recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Neugebauer.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Carney is now recognized.    Chairman Garrett. Thanks. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Hultgren is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time has expired.    I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Sherman.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time has expired.    I recognize the other gentleman from California, Mr. Royce.    Chairman Garrett. Thank you. The gentleman yields back.    Chairman Garrett. Mr. Scott is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman's time has expired on that one, and at the very end of the hearing, we always ask for members of the panel to answer any other additional questions, so at that time, if the gentleman would like to have additional input from the panel, he can certainly get more into the weeds on the answer on that one.    Mrs. Wagner is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. Hill is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Mr. Emmer is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Garrett. Mr. Messer is now recognized.    Chairman Garrett. The gentleman yields back.    And seeing no other Members with questions, I will end where I began, by saying thank you to the entire panel for being here, for I think a fairly good discussion on where we are looking to go in this area: not a position of no regulation, but basically a position of the appropriate level of regulation; not a repeal of everything, but actually just making sure that we have the right level of regulation to ensure investor confidence on the one hand, and at the same time, capital formation on the other hand.    I thank all the members of the panel for all their views here today.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    Without objection, this hearing is adjourned. And again, thank you.