    Mr. SULLIVAN. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Congresswoman Velazquez, members of the Committee. I am pleased to present my views on how small businesses are impacted by federal regulation. The bulk of my testimony will actually cover how small businesses can impact federal rules, or at least how the Regulatory Flexibility Act is designed to ensure that small business has a voice in the process.    My testimony this morning is drawn from my two decades of work on small business regulatory issues and my overall desire to bolster the voice of small business in that process. I was confirmed to head the Office of Advocacy in 2002, and as you know, that office is responsible for overseeing the Regulatory Flexibility Act. I served until October 2008, and during my tenure, the Office of Advocacy issued approximately 300 public comment letters to 60 agencies, averaging about 38 per year. I have remained deeply interested in how small businesses are impacted by regulation and how small business involvement can benefit regulatory policy.    I would like to share just briefly some good news and bad news. The good news is that federal agencies work with SBA's Office of Advocacy, and EPA, and OSHA, and the CFPB, and they utilize SBREFA panels to explore how each agency can sensitize its regulatory approach to small business. The bad news is that there are still times when agency deadlines, whether they are judicial, statutory, or political, push folks at the agencies to approach the Reg Flex Act as a set of procedural hurdles. That concern is of utmost concern during this stage of the Administration when the clock is ticking down on when federal regulations will be finalized under President Obama. The end of administration phenomenon to cement its legacy through regulation is not unique to this presidency. There is plenty of data, research, and testimony on the subject of midnight regulations. One recent publication estimates 4,000 rules making their way through this Administration at a cost of more than $100 million.    Unfortunately, I have more bad news. The most obvious example of an agency purposely, in my opinion, of an agency purposely avoiding the Regulatory Flexibility Act was EPA's recent promulgation of the ``waters of the U.S.'' rule. The EPA and the Corps certified that the proposed rule would not have a significant economic impact on a substantial number of small businesses.    More good news. A set of policies that is good news is that states continue to experiment with ways to make their regulatory climate more hospitable to small business. Frank Knapp already mentioned South Carolina, and in my home state, Governor Charlie Baker led an initiative to review all of the Commonwealth's rules in a ``spring cleaning'' exercise last year designed to help small business. This is akin to my work as chief counsel when the Office of Advocacy worked with South Carolina, Massachusetts, and several other states to encourage state adoption of the Regulatory Flexibility Act at a state level, and it is good news that that effort continues.    Unfortunately, the bad news is that States and their experiments also stumble into situations where they want to help but unintentionally harm small businesses.    The coalition that I run, the Coalition of Responsible Business Finance, is monitoring a situation in Illinois and a situation in New York, up in Albany, where those legislators are considering small business lending provisions. It seems as though the goals of transparency and disclosure are good, but the other prescriptive underwriting standards and excessive regulatory mandates' civil and criminal penalties, unfortunately, could do more harm than good. I am hopeful that in Springfield, Albany, and other state capitals, as I am optimistic here in Washington, D.C., that legislators and regulators can, and should, incorporate the views of small business before moving forward. That is the same principle of the Regulatory Flexibility Act.    I am troubled by what happened with EPA's ``waters of the U.S.'' rule and how its avoidance of the Regulatory Flexibility Act could not be challenged until the rulemaking was finalized, a year after they certified that it would not hurt small business. That certification part of the Reg Flex Act is truly the ``fork in the road'' when it comes to whether EPA should listen to small business and tailor its regulatory approach to accommodate small firms. H.R. 527, passed by this Committee, solves that problem, and I am hopeful that the Senate will look towards a similiar solution.    I commend this Committee's attention to the plight of small businesses that are trying to keep up with the flood of mandates emanating from our nation's capital. Agencies need to continually hear from you, from the Office of Advocacy, from small business stakeholders like my fellow panelists, and from small business owners themselves in order to affect positive regulatory change. Thank you.    Mr. SULLIVAN. I think it is some combination of those things, honestly, Mr. Chairman. I think that H.R. 527 really fixes this problem, and that is the certification problem. Really what we are getting at is process versus result. Small businesses just do not want to be shut out of the process. They want clean water, they want clean air, but they do not want to be shut out of the process. At that critical decision point, when EPA or any other agency says it does or does not affect small business, I think there needs to be an independent assessment of that decision that happens before 7, 8, 12 years later when it makes it to the Supreme Court, because small businesses need regulatory certainty.    Mr. SULLIVAN. This is another one of the good news, bad news kind of responses to your question, Congressman. The good news is yes, there are pockets of really good practices. You are familiar, certainly, with your work on Financial Services with CFPB. The good news with CFPB is they let you and the small business stakeholders know right at the beginning of a rulemaking that they are going to do a SBREFA panel. I wish EPA would tell everybody that they were going to do it. The challenge then is that when CFPB does it, it does not seem as though they are really incorporating those views into how they approach the regulation. That is kind of a sole agency good news, bad news.    The Department of Transportation has a long history of working very well with SBA's Office of Advocacy. OSHA actually releases its interaction with small business in a report prior to----    Mr. SULLIVAN. Congressman, yes, I do see that continue to be a prevalent attitude, unfortunately.    Mr. SULLIVAN. Thank you, Congresswoman, and thank you for being one of the first members of Congress to meet with the small businesses who are trying to provide capital to small businesses outside of the depository bank arena.    Grady Hedgespeth was just appointed as the head of Small Business at CFPB. He comes from a career at SBA. He is a good guy, and he approaches these issues very thoughtfully and carefully. CFPB has a good start and a good man to hire to do this, but he has a tough challenge ahead. The answer to your question is: CFPB can get it right if it truly meets, listens to, and reacts to small businesses in this space, and that is the principle of the Reg Flex Act. If they do it right, then they will come out with a good regulation.    Mr. SULLIVAN. Thank you, Congresswoman Velazquez.    First of all, I disagree vehemently with Mr. Knapp's statement that trade associations do not represent their small businesses. I think that is absolutely false, and I think my tenure as chief counsel, my interaction with the trade associations was tremendously helpful to gauge where small businesses come from. They are busy running their businesses, and if they can afford $100 extra to join a trade association, they want the trade association to interact with the agencies so that they can put the lights on and turn the lights off at the end of the day to run their business.    Now, as far as whether or not agencies underestimate or overestimate or who is responsible for the data, agencies have the resources to do the type of economic analysis. They know when they can get help from small businesses through their trade associations. I think the burden under the law is on the agencies to get it right, and I think that should continue to be where the emphasis is for producing analysis that you can benefit from, as well as small business owners in the process.