    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Royce. And thank you so much for this hearing. I consider myself pretty well informed on women's issues, but I have to say, this is very shocking to me, and I thank all of you for being here, because I know I often--every day I say to myself, how did we live without the Internet? It is really something.    And, you know, even my own--my mother is 90 years old, and she loves her pink iPad. I mean, she is on that iPad all day. And, you know, my niece has this little 2-year-old, I don't think he is even 2 years old, and we go out and he grabs the phone and he is playing games. So it is just--it is--I will say it is pervasive, but--so, anyway, I have a few questions.    I just want to say to Ms. Davis, I am a great fan. I am glad to see you are alive and well. I have been worried about you. I know you went over the cliff--I see you go over the cliff and then I think you just went blind and died on Grey's Anatomy. Did you live or did you die?    Ms. Frankel. Oh, you had the brain tumor.    Ms. Frankel. Okay. That is good. I couldn't remember. Well, I knew you had the brain tumor, and anyway, I was worried about you. But I am glad you are doing well.    And so my first question is to you, which is how do you fight--with what you are doing with the media, where does the box office come in and how do you, you know, get around the fact that I am sure everybody--they look at the bottom line and making money?    Ms. Frankel. Thank you for that. Now, I have heard a couple of ideas for solutions, because I try to write them down. One, of course, is the whole media thing, Ms. Davis, that you talked about. But I heard you say expanding literacy to digital literacy, build on existing infrastructure, expand coaching opportunities.    So my question is this, have you done an analysis at all of what, for example, USAID is doing? Is there a list of recommendations of how we--you know, the Congress can engage either with budgetary items or policy?    Ms. Frankel. Thank you very much.