    Mr. Franks. The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Good morning. The quest for true religious freedom is one of humanity's greatest and most enduring dreams. Indeed, America's forebears fled the tyrannies of religious oppression abroad in the longing hope that America would be the place where they would find that freedom yearned for in every human heart to live according to the convictions of their faith.    Our Founding Fathers recognized and protected this foundational human right by enshrining it forever in the very first amendment to the United States Constitution. It states very simply and clearly that ``Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.''    Those noble, straightforward words, because of their enormous meaning and implication, have often been the target of distortion and attack. In 1990, the Supreme Court handed down the Employment Division v. Smith decision. It set the bar so low in allowing for the Government's infringing on religious freedom, that in many cases individuals could not successfully challenge overreaching laws that contradicted their faith. The Smith decision was widely regarded as one of the most radical departures from this long-settled Constitutional doctrine in American history.    In response to the Smith decision, with incredibly broad bipartisan support, Congress passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act in 1993. That law restored the pre-Smith compelling interest standard, and along with it, religious liberty in America.    And in 2000, in direct response to another Supreme Court decision that threatened religious liberty, Congress passed the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act, which prohibits the application of neutral and generally applicable laws in ways that substantially burden religion related to zoning, land marking, and prisons.    In his written testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee on September 18th, 1992, Professor Douglas Laycock stated, ``there is a simple reason why formerly neutral laws sometimes lead to religious persecution: because once government demands that religious minorities conform their behavior to secular standards, there is no logical stopping point. Sometimes the government will back off and create an exemption, but often the bureaucracy will grind forward, and persecution will be the result.''    These critical statutes exist today because a broad group of lawmakers, organizations and Americans from both sides of the aisle believe that religious freedom was and is far more vital than that afforded by those profoundly flawed Supreme Court decisions. Support for religious freedom remains one of the very strongest commitments of the American people. According to a December 2012 Gallup Poll, nearly 70 percent of American adults are very religious or moderately religious, based on self-reports of the importance of religion in their daily lives and attendance at religious services.    Despite its critical importance to our Republic and a clear message from Congress and the American people, this current Administration's attitude toward religious freedom is nothing short of alarming. The Obama administration has consistently failed to recognize that religious liberty involves much more than the freedom to believe in any religion or none at all, rather, that religious liberty is exercised both in private and in public, informing all areas of an individual's life.    Religion in the United States has never been forcibly confined to one's church or one's home. In spite of the Constitution's clear provisions for the accommodation of religion, this Administration has repeatedly failed to create and honor needed religious exemptions from otherwise neutral laws.    In the last 3 years, the United States Supreme Court has ruled in favor of religious plaintiffs and against this Administration five times. Indeed, three of those five cases have been unanimous. This is stunning evidence of the Obama administration's failure to honor religious freedom in America.    My friends, the central phrase, the central phrase of America's Declaration of Independence is itself a statement of religious conviction. It states clearly that we are all created, and that is what makes us equal, and further, that each of us is endowed by our creator with the unalienable rights of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It is so unfortunate that we must repeatedly remind the Obama administration that religious freedom is the very cornerstone of all other freedoms and that if it is lost, all other freedoms will ultimately be lost with it.    I look forward to today's examination of the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act. And I would like to thank our witnesses for being here.    And I will now yield to the distinguished Ranking Member of the full Committee for an opening statement.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And I now yield to the Chairman of the full Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, from Virginia.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And I now yield to the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee, Mr. Cohen, from Tennessee.    Mr. Franks. The man is from Virginia.    Let me now introduce our witnesses. Our first witness is Lori Windham, senior counsel at the Becket Fund For Religious Freedom--for Religious Liberty. Ms. Windham has represented a variety of religious groups at every level, from the district courts to the Supreme Court. Her work includes the cases under the Free Exercise Clause, Establishment Clause, RFRA, and RLUIPA. We're glad you're here.    Our second witness is Gregory Baylor, senior counsel with Alliance Defending Freedom. Mr. Baylor litigates cases to protect the rights of religious students, faculty and staff at public colleges and universities across the Nation. Prior to joining Alliance Defending Freedom in 2009, he served as director with the Christian Legal Society Center for Law and Religious Freedom, where he defended religious liberty since 1994.    Our third witness, Professor Nelson Tebbe, teaches courses on Constitutional law, religious freedom, legal theory, and professional responsibility at Brooklyn Law School. Professor Tebbe is a co-organizer of the annual Law and Religion Roundtable and has previously served as the chair of the Law and Religion section of the Association of American Law Schools.    Our fourth and final witness, Craig Parshall, is special counsel to the American Center for Law and Justice. In addition to being a senior law and policy advisor to Washington, D.C.-based groups, Mr. Parshall writes and speaks about trends in Constitutional issues, culture, religion and media technology. He previously served as senior vice-president and general counsel at National Religious Broadcasters and was the founding director of the John Milton Project for Free Speech. Welcome, sir.    Now, each of the witness' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety, and I would ask each witness to summarize his or her testimony within 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time, there is a timing light in front of you. The lights will switch from green to yellow in concluding, indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired.    Before I recognize the witness, it is the tradition of the Subcommittee that they be sworn. So if you'd please stand to be sworn.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative.    I now recognize our first witness, Ms. Windham. And, Ms. Windham, if you want to make sure we turn on that microphone before you start. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Ms. Windham.    Mr. Franks. And I would now recognize our second witness, Mr. Baylor. And, sir, please turn on your microphone. You got it.    Mr. Franks. And thank you, Mr. Baylor.    Mr. Franks. And I would now recognize our third witness, Mr. Tebbe.    Mr. Tebbe, please turn your microphone on.    Mr. Franks. And thank you, Mr. Tebbe.    Mr. Franks. And I would now recognize our fourth and final witness, Mr. Parshall.    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Parshall.    Mr. Franks. And thank you all for your testimony.    We will now proceed under the 5-minute rule with questions, and I will begin by recognizing myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Baylor, some have portrayed religious liberty recently as a conservative issue, and this was certainly the case after the Supreme Court's decision in Hobby Lobby, and much of the written testimony here conversely focuses on the bipartisan efforts that passed RFRA. And so I'm wondering what, if anything, has changed? I mean, isn't religious liberty a principle that every American should advocate for?    What is the reason for the shift since the Hobby Lobby case?    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, sir.    Mr. Parshall, as we've heard today, both the RFRA and RLUIPA have received the overwhelming bipartisan support at the time that they were enacted, and I think it's important that we not lose sight of the reasons why. In your written testimony, you cite data that shows a variety of economic benefits flowing to America, and that is if we protect religious freedom in a substantial way.    Now, you're not suggesting that recognizing religious freedom is a just a matter of dollar and cents, I know that, but is there a greater economic factor? Is this economic factor just part of really a bigger set of benefits that are recognized when a Nation defends religious freedom?    Mr. Franks. Well, thank you, Mr. Parshall.    And I would now recognize Mr. Cohen for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I now recognize the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Gohmert, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. The gentleman from Texas is recognized.    Mr. Franks. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    And I now yield to the distinguished Vice-Chairman of the Constitution Subcommittee, Mr. DeSantis.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman.    And I now recognize Mr. Nadler from New York for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. The gentleman's time has expired here, but go ahead and finish the question, and let him answer.    Mr. Franks. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Franks. I want to thank all of you today for this very important discussion.    You know, I am reminded of a--if I can paraphrase and sort of condense a quote from a great statesman some years ago when he said that, out of fervent, religious, and committed faith arises--you know, from bondage sometimes arises great, fervent faith, and that faith often leads to great courage, and the courage leads to freedom, and freedom leads to abundance, and abundance leads to apathy, and apathy leads to dependence, and dependence can lead back to bondage.    And I think it's a great admonition on the part of all of us that, when we are in times of abundance, to make sure we protect our foundational freedoms, none of which is more foundational than the freedom of religion.    And I thank all of you and----    Mr. Franks. Without objection.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman.    So, without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional written materials for the record.    Again, I thank all of you, and I thank the members in the audience.    And this hearing is adjourned.