    Chairman Roe. A quorum being present, the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions will come to order. Good morning, everyone. I want to welcome our witnesses. We appreciate you joining us today for an important conversation on health care and the future of employer-sponsored coverage.    This hearing furthers the goals of the Task Force on Health Care Reform which was established to develop a plan to replace ObamaCare's one-size-fits-all with free-market, patient-centered solutions.    We have already held a number of meetings to take input from members, policy experts, and stakeholders, and to build consensus around policies that will deliver the results the American people want and deserve.    Our vision is clear. It is time to modernize our health care system so we can empower every American with affordable coverage, provide more choice, promote quality for all patients, and strengthen health care security for retirees.    Finally, as we will discuss today, we want to encourage innovation and harness the power of new technologies in order to foster lower prices and better treatment for patients.    As a physician with more than 30 years of experience, I have personally seen the need for common sense reforms to strengthen our health care system, a system that is too costly and bureaucratic. As an elected official, I am constantly hearing from families who are struggling to access the care they need or keep up with their premiums that rise year, after year, after year.    Unfortunately, the President's government takeover of health care is making these problems worse. Health care costs are going up, not down. Americans are seeing higher premiums. Families are losing access to the coverage they like and the doctors they trust. Small business owners are being forced to choose between providing costly government-approved health insurance and hiring new workers as they have struggled to navigate a web of burdensome mandates and regulatory requirements.    Just to give you an example, the city where I was mayor, Johnson City, Tennessee, had to hire a person to navigate all this so they could figure out whether they were complying with the law or not, a city with a fairly extensive HR department.    The American people cannot afford this fundamentally flawed law, and that is why House Republicans are determined to deliver meaningful reform. We have a responsibility to put our health care system on a better course, one that is patient-centered, not government driven.    As part of that effort, we need to understand the vital importance of employer-sponsored coverage, which insures roughly 155 million Americans, and take a closer look at what is being done in the private sector to improve care.    Employers have played a critical role in driving health care innovation. Despite unprecedented uncertainty in the health insurance market and drastic changes in employer-sponsored coverage, employers of all sizes are still developing creative strategies to help control costs and meet the changing needs of the workforce.    These strategies include wellness programs, which are now an essential tool to help control costs and encourage healthy lifestyles. The Kaiser Family Foundation reported in 2015 that 50 percent of employers offering health benefits also offer wellness programs.    That same year, I joined Chairmen Kline and Walberg in introducing legislation that would eliminate regulatory hurdles to implementing these programs, and I look forward to hearing from experts today on how we can make that goal a reality.    Some employers have responded to costly mandates and rigid reporting requirements under current law by putting in place private exchanges. This, too, will reign in costs through competition, and unlike public exchanges, serve individuals, and both large and small employers.    Accountable care organizations are another concept employers have adopted in recent years to improve the health of their employees and make coverage more affordable. ACOs improve patient experience by coordinating their care between doctors and hospitals and focusing on prevention and management of chronic disease.    Employers are also incorporating telemedicine into their health insurance plans, providing patients more access to care at lower costs and much greater convenience.    We are here today to examine how innovations in employer-provided coverage are improving health care for workers and their families, and how Federal policies can support rather than discourage free-market solutions.    I hope our conversation will bring us one step closer to achieving responsible reforms the American people desperately need.    With that, I will now recognize the ranking member of this subcommittee, Chairman Polis, for his opening remarks. You are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all subcommittee members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow statements, questions for the record, and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted into the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished panel of witnesses. First, Ms. Amy McDonough, who is the vice president and general manager of Corporate Wellness at Fitbit in San Francisco, California. She works with employers and partners in corporate wellness, supplying businesses with the tools to effectively engage employees in corporate wellness programs. You have a fun job, I think. Welcome.    Mr. John Zern is the executive vice president and global health leader with Aon in Chicago, Illinois. Mr. Zern is responsible for the strategic direction, client satisfaction, revenue growth, and operational and professional standards of Aon's health business. Welcome.    Ms. Sabrina Corlette, J.D., is the senior research professor at the Center on Health Insurance Reforms with Georgetown University's Health Policy Institute here in Washington, D.C. Ms. Corlette directs research on health insurance reform issues and has published many papers regarding the regulation of private health insurance and the development of health insurance marketplaces under PPACA. Welcome.    Ms. Tresia Franklin is the director of Total Rewards and Employee Relations at Hallmark Cards, Inc. in Kansas City. I think there is not anybody in here that has not used your product.    Ms. Franklin oversees Hallmark's compensation and benefit programs, human resource information systems, and employee relations. Welcome to Washington.    I will now ask our witnesses to stand and raise your right hands.    Chairman Roe. Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative, and you may take your seats.    Before I recognize your testimony, let me briefly explain our lighting system. You have five minutes to present your testimony. When you begin, the light in front of you will turn green. With one minute left, it will turn yellow. When your time has expired, the light will turn red. At that point, I will ask you to wrap up your remarks as best as possible, and members will have five minutes also to ask questions.    We will begin with Ms. McDonough for five minutes. You are recognized.TESTIMONY OF AMY McDONOUGH, VICE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL MANAGER     Chairman Roe. Typical of Fitbit, you finished right on time. Perfect.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Zern, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Mr. Zern. Ms. Corlette, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you very much. Ms. Franklin, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, all. You have been an amazing panel. Everybody came in under five minutes. I hope the members will be as good as you are.    I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Chairman Walberg.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Polis, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Guthrie, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Ranking Member Scott, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Carter, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Hopefully, the H.R. director is doing okay at your business.    Chairman Roe. Mr. Courtney, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Without objection.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Allen, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Ms. Bonamici, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentlelady for yielding. Mr. Messer, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Hinojosa, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Grothman, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Takano, you are recognized.    Chairman Roe. Thank you, Mr. Takano. I will now yield to myself for five minutes. Why do companies form wellness programs? Well I think they do that, which is what the subject of this was today, to lower costs and improve the health care for their employees. I think that is why we do it. It makes sense to do it.    Just to point out something, I think the way you do that, and you have all clearly pointed out, is empower consumers, transparency, and quality. If you do those things, people can shop, and Americans are the best shoppers in the world. We will drive across five lanes of Interstate to get gas two cents a gallon cheaper. I know if we have the knowledge, we absolutely will make smart consumers.    I am a smart healthcare consumer. I have an HSA. What did the Affordable Care Act do? It discouraged consumerism, me being able to be in charge, not the insurance company, not the government, and one of the things you can do tomorrow, we could do tomorrow, is allow people to shop.    In other words, I am forced right now to buy ten essential health benefits, half of which I do not need. We need to allow consumers to purchase what they and their family can afford and what they need.    Let me just tell you what has happened in the real world, this all sounds great. In the real world, in the hospital where I practiced and taught at the medical school, 60 percent of the uncollectible debt in that hospital are people with insurance. Why? To meet these benchmarks of affordability, you raise the co-pays and out-of-pockets so high that people cannot afford it.    Now, it is left to providers, me and the hospitals, to provide that care when people cannot pay. If you have a $5,000 out-of-pocket, and you are a police officer where I live making $35,000 a year, it might as well be $100,000 out-of-pocket. You do not have the money to pay it.    We have to factor that in and figure out how not to do that. I think having consumers decide what they need to buy is the way.    Medicare, for instance--Medicaid, I mean for instance, we tried that experiment 20 years ago. Right now with the Federal Government running a deficit and paying all the bills, it looks fine, except the quality of care for Medicaid patients in many cases is actually less than people with no insurance. I find that abhorrent that we have people in this country with Medicaid that get a lower standard of care than other people. I think that is absurd. We need to reform that program before we expand that program. It almost bankrupted our State of Tennessee, which is why we have not expanded it yet.    Just a few things like that. I want to get back to a couple of questions that I would like to ask. By the way, the exchanges, which I found amazing, you all have set up these private exchanges at zero cost to the taxpayers, and we literally have flushed billions down the drain with the public exchanges.    By the way, one of them was Oregon, Hawaii. I could go on and on. The co-op's, almost half, over half of them are bankrupt and out of business. We need to let the private sector do this. They have done it very well at no cost to the taxpayers.    I wanted to say those few things just to get started. First, Mr. Zern, I want to go to you, and Ms. Franklin, both. Do you see these private exchanges expanding? In other words, you went from a system where you were self-insured to an insurance plan. Did you see that happening? Is that going up? I love the idea of these private exchanges.    Chairman Roe. Why do you, Ms. Franklin--because when I was mayor of our local city, we had 1,000 employees, 1,500 teachers or so, and we were self-insured. What reason did you make at Hallmark to switch from a self-insured plan to--    Chairman Roe. I think by allowing consumers to have that voice and choice you have empowered them. I think there is no question about that.    The other thing I want to get in my little bit of time left, and this goes to maybe Fitbit, we need data to make clinical decisions. I mean I have to have that to make a rational clinical decision.    Ms. Corlette, I certainly understand where you are coming from with maybe someone who is coerced into doing something, we do not want that either.    We also need that data to be able to make decisions about are we doing the right thing. Otherwise, we keep doing, as Mr. Polis just said, at least some of these wellness programs may not work, and a gym membership is not a wellness program.    How do we protect the data so I can use it? I don't know what My cholesterol is my cholesterol. I could put it out there you wouldn't know it was Phil Roe.    Chairman Roe. I am going to gavel myself, I am over time. I want to thank the witnesses today. You all have been terrific. I have thoroughly enjoyed this. It is always nice to have a hearing you know something about, which is health care. I really enjoyed hearing what you had to say. I think it has been very beneficial.    We want to continue this discussion, and I want to thank you all for taking time to prepare to come today. At this point, I would like to ask Mr. Polis if he has any closing remarks.    Chairman Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Just to finish up, I agree with much of what Mr. Polis said. We have created a system in the public system, and Ms. Franklin has a premium support, basically, it is a defined contribution for health care. You get to choose as a consumer which one of those.    Mr. Zern clearly pointed out that consumers will decide where their providers, where they go to the hospital, what doctors they see, what medications they can receive.    That is empowering people to make those decisions. We need to do more of that. What we have in Medicaid and Medicare is an archaic out of date system, and it needs to be completely redone, it is completely archaic. I mean we have a Medicare system that has an A, B, C, and D, and the day I turned 65, nothing happened except I got 65, and now I had an alphabet to go through about what kind of health care I wanted. I am exactly what I had the day before.    Those are the kinds of things I think this hearing--you have really ferreted it out very, very well. I do believe, absolutely believe, that the wellness part and one of the questions I did not get to ask was how do we take this technology and do we--in a big company, at Georgetown, where they are highly educated people, it is really pretty easy to do.    As I walked into the office today, I walked by a lot of people who are not very sophisticated, and I have lived in areas that are not, and I want to know is how do we get that information down to where it can make a bigger impact, which is our lower income people and other folks.    I think we did not delve into that, and maybe that is a subject for another hearing. I think it is critically important. That is where your biggest gains will quite frankly be.    With nothing further, I appreciate very much you being here. The hearing is adjourned.    