    Dr. Doudna. Good afternoon, Chairwoman Comstock and the rest of the Members of the Committee. It's a great pleasure for me to be here and have the opportunity to talk with you about science that I've been involved with from its origin and involved in leading the discussion of where it's going.    I wanted to start by saying that this is research that originated as a basic science project funded in part by the National Science Foundation. We did not aim to develop a genome editing technology but in the course of the experiments that we were doing, it became clear that what started as a study of a bacterial immune system, the way bacteria fight the flu, could actually be reengineered and re-harnessed really as a technology for changing sequences in the genomes of cells and whole organisms.    I wanted to tell you a little bit more about the science behind this to explain a little bit about how it works and why it's revolutionary. So I think what really makes this distinct from other ways of manipulating DNA and cells is that it's a very simple system. It relies I would really make the analogy to software that you use for your computer. Here we have a protein called Cas9 that can be easily reprogrammed by using a short piece of nucleic acid called RNA that enables this protein to be directed to essentially any DNA sequence in a genome of an organism. And because genome sequencing has become very prevalent and is becoming less and less expensive, we have an exciting convergence of technologies that give us information about the entire genome in a cell or an organism and now a tool that allows scientists to change that sequence in a very precise fashion so we can do things, as was mentioned in the opening statements, like correct mutations that would otherwise lead to genetic disease.    So this is, I think, a very exciting moment in biology. It's opened up a lot of opportunities for research, for clinical applications in the future, but it also raises various questions about the way that this technology should be employed going forward, and in particular in our discussion today the question of whether and when this technology should be employed to change the sequence in the human germline in eggs or sperm or embryos that would lead to a genetically modified person that would be a mutation that could be passed down to their children.    And I realized fairly early on in our research that this technology was likely to be applicable in the human germline, and that led me to initiate a discussion initially with some--a fairly small group of scientists in California. We met in January of this year in the Napa Valley to discuss this very issue and we spent a day. We had--that small meeting included scientists, clinicians, as well as bioethicists to discuss the various issues around human germline editing, and that meeting resulted in a perspective that was published in Science magazine about two months ago that was referred to in the opening statements for--that called for a prudent path forward in any kind of clinical application of germline editing in humans.    I do want to point out that our perspective favors research in this area. I think we feel as scientists that it's very important to have data so that we can make informed decisions about future potential applications, and I think this is a--I think many of us appreciate this is a technology that could be very helpful for people that have inherited genetic disorders. However, to ensure that any kind of application clinically in the human germline was safe and really was used in an ethical fashion, we do need to understand how this technology operates in those types of cells.    Thank you.    Dr. Doudna. Sure, thank you.    I think, you know, what was interesting to me in that conversation was that it was a wide-ranging discussion that started with sort of the--maybe the way that we've been discussing this technology so far here in the Committee and eventually got to a point where, as somebody around the table said, you know, there may come a time when we would consider it unethical not to do editing in the germline for certain kinds of applications such as some of the things that Dr. McNally mentioned.    So I think that it's very important to appreciate that, you know, this is a powerful technology that is--you know, we're sort of looking at it here from the perspective of safety and ethical concerns but I think they're also--you know, that can be turned around. And that was something that came out of our discussion in California that I found very interesting.    And the other thing that we discussed was the fact that, you know, this technology, unlike previous technologies for genome editing, is very simple to employ relatively. I mean it's something that, you know, people that have expertise in molecular biology can fairly readily use in their laboratories. So I think, you know, the reality is that it would be very hard to really put regulations on this in terms of research applications.    And I think that means that we just have to be thoughtful about providing leadership in terms of the--you know, the--as Dr. Kahn was saying, in terms of the way papers are published and reviewed among scientists so that, you know, the scientific community helps to provide the kind of direction and, you know, vision for the way this should move forward that hopefully will be respected by many others. But I think the reality is that it--you know, it is a technology that's just very widely available now and is being employed worldwide.    Dr. Doudna. So I would say what led us to that initial meeting in California was the appreciation that this technology would likely, you know, be functional in the human germline, and furthermore, that it was possible that people could do this fairly easily and perhaps working in jurisdictions where there would not be regulatory oversight of such experiments. And what was interesting was that at that meeting we actually heard about the work that was subsequently published for the Chinese group, so it became apparent that, you know, the subject of that conversation was very timely.    I think that, you know, going forward we really have to appreciate the difficulty in putting in place regulations that will be, you know, followed internationally. On the other hand, providing oversight and leadership in--by respected scientists in the United States and with our international partners I think will be a very important thing to do and that's really what we wanted to achieve at that meeting was how to proceed with that sort of approach. And I think now having the National Academies involved in organizing larger meetings around this issue is a very desirable outcome.    Dr. Doudna. I guess I realized the potential for this technology to operate in the germline first when scientists began to do experiments of that nature in animal models of disease, including mice and rats, and then it really came home to me in--it was last year--may be almost a year-and-a-half ago that a group again from China published a paper in which they had modified the germline of monkeys and made genetically modified monkeys. And that actual monkey model is used very commonly for studying human disease and so it seemed very likely at that point that there was no reason to think the technology wouldn't also work in the human germline.    So, you know, I think we've seen now in the scientific community that this technology is very democratic in the sense that it works across many different types of cells. It doesn't seem to be limited to a particular system.    Dr. Doudna. Are you directing that question to me?    Dr. Doudna. You know, I would--maybe I would defer that to Dr. McNally.    Dr. Doudna. Right, so I echo everything that my colleague Dr. McNally just stated and I want to also add that, you know, there's a tremendous opportunity for the United States to invest in basic science. I mean I think traditionally our country is been a leader in science partly because we have invested in science that was, you know, curiosity-driven research. It was not necessarily targeted on curing certain diseases, and I think that we've seen again and again, especially I would say with regard to technologies, they tend to come from unexpected types of projects such as the CRISPR system is a great example of that but there are many others. And I think also it's important to appreciate that commercially, you know, these things then have big implications in terms of companies being able to take over and, you know, develop technologies that are discovered in academic laboratories but then apply them in all sorts of different ways.    Dr. Doudna. More.    Dr. Doudna. Dr. Doudna. So I think I know, what--again sort of maybe echoing something that I mentioned earlier and that has been discussed here, I think, you know, the United States has been a real leader in basic research for a while and all of us are concerned that we see that edge slipping away over time. And so I think that, you know, the investment in fundamental research that will allow scientists to understand, for example, genome engineering technology like we're discussing today, how does it operate, how can we deliver it to patients, how do we ensure that it's operating as we intend and not creating unintended consequences, that it's safe, that it's effective.    All of those lines of research are going to require, I would say, a combination of efforts by people like me that do basic research and people like my colleagues who are medical doctors and think about clinical issues. We need to be putting our efforts together and that has to be I think supported by federal funds.    Dr. Doudna. Well, I think one has to, you know, sort of distinguish what types of applications we're talking about. I think if we're considering application to treat a disease like sickle cell anemia where the editing could be done on cells that are taken out of the patient and then validated before they are reintroduced into the body, I feel that that is likely to happen, you know, the next year or two honestly. I think it will be very----    Dr. Doudna. No, because I think we already have the ability to, you know, validate the correct sequencing--correct editing was done by DNA sequencing in that sort of a scenario. I think if you're talking about an application like, you know, we want to introduce the tool into a patient's body and where you want editing to occur in the body, then we're--that's further off. First of all, we don't have the--very good ways to introduce this into specific tissue types yet, and also we don't have good ways to validate that the correct type of editing was done without off-target effects, as you implied. But I think for any kinds of applications where we can do the validation outside of the body, that's going to move forward in the next year or two.    Dr. Doudna. Well, I'm very interested to hear my colleagues' answer to that question but I guess my answer would be that it will depend on the way that research is enabled around, you know, that sort of application. I think if it's possible to do experiments in germ cells so that we can understand how this technology works, operates in those types of cells, then I think, you know--boy, it's always hard to put a timeline on things but, you know, certainly within a few years it'll probably be to the point where one could, you know, employ it for that sort of application. But I don't know if you--my colleagues would agree with that or not.    Dr. Doudna. My answer is certainly much longer. I think we--I think--and that--to me that's not limited by the genome editing technology as much as it's limited by our knowledge of the human genome.    Dr. Doudna. Well, I can tell you what I'm seeing. I think that, you know, at around the same time that we published the perspective in Science magazine a related perspective was published in Nature magazine from a different group that actually called for I would say real moratorium even on research. So that group basically was advocating not proceeding with any kind of research on human germ cells using genome editing technology. And I just want to point out that in the group that I met with in January, we actually discussed that and felt that actually we--in our opinion research on those types of cells, appropriately regulated, should be enabled, just not clinical application.    Dr. Doudna. Okay. Well, I'll--I can take a stab at that. So you're absolutely right that the technology is being widely employed in many different kinds of cells and organisms, and I'll just give you a couple of examples. I think that in plant biology this is going to be, you know, equally impactful as the kind of thing that--kind of applications that we're talking about here in human health in terms of enabling very, you know, widespread introduction of genes into plants that could be beneficial especially for dealing with climate change and other kinds of environmental impacts in plants. And I'm just--I'm not a plant biologist but I'm saying this based on conversations I've had with people that are already doing those kinds of experiments and are extremely excited about the way that that research has been enabled.    And then you mentioned biofuels and I think that's very interesting because I'm aware of several groups that are actually using this kind of genome engineering for what we call systems biology, basically being able to make large-scale changes in the genomes of organisms that will be useful for producing various kinds of chemicals, including, you know, biofuels and other very important materials that can be difficult to obtain in other ways.    Dr. Doudna. Yes.    Dr. Doudna. Yeah, this is a very important area and I'm a real newbie to it. This is actually the first time that research in my lab has led to something that, you know, had clear commercial applications. So I can tell you my experience, you know, being involved in starting companies and raising money for companies. We've had different experiences I would say. I've been involved in three different startups around this technology so far. And I've had a lot of help with one of them in particular through a--what would I call it? I guess it's a biomedical research initiative in the Bay area that was actually funded in part by the State of California. And what that does is to give people like me who know nothing about, you know, starting a business some training. We got access to some legal advice early on. We--I think this Institute paid for the incorporation of the company initially and then gave us some support in terms of writing for federal funding for the company.    I think this kind of support is really important. And as I talk to my colleagues around the country who are trying to do similar things, commercializing work coming out of their academic labs, I hear over and over how all of us who are in the academic world could really benefit from that kind of level of support. I'm not sure if it's something that happens at the federal level or if it's better done lower down, hard to say.