    Mr. O'Rourke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to start by thanking you and the ranking member for holding this hearing.    I can think of no more important decision that we will make as Members of Congress than whether or not to send our Armed Forces into harm's way, and I appreciate the fact that we have got the subject matter experts before us to help us make a more informed decision. I hope that we will have more hearings on this subject. It certainly warrants it.    And I also want to agree with the fundamental questions asked by the chairman, you know, what is our strategy? And the ranking member, how do we help out without making the problem worse? I think those are the questions of the day, and I realize very difficult to answer.    General Keane, I couldn't help but agree with you when you said that we shouldn't put limitations on our military if we are asking them to go in and do a very difficult job, if we want to acknowledge that there are no ground forces today in Syria that we can rely on. It is very questionable whether there are ground forces in Iraq that we can rely on that are not our own.    And so if we are going to go in, and if we want to win, then we need to do whatever is necessary to do that.    But I also think about the service members at Fort Bliss, whom I have the honor of representing, the veterans who have come back from wars throughout our history, including the most recent engagements in the Middle East. And while I agree with Ms. Duckworth that they want to know that we have their back and that we support them, I think what they want to know even more than that is that we have a plan and we have a strategy before we send them into harm's way.    So I would like to ask you to do this, I don't know that in the 3 minutes remaining we can define what that strategy should look like. If you can, go for it.    But how about this: Can you define what winning looks like? Can you define the conditions that would be necessary in Iraq and Syria or vis-a-vis ISIS for us to conclude military operations?    And I will start with General Keane and then we can move to your left across the panel.    General Keane. Well, ISIL is a little different organization than Al Qaeda because owning territory, it provides them a legitimacy and it is part of their belief system. So you fundamentally, to defeat them, have to begin by taking their territory away from them.    They will largely stay and fight. We found that when we went into Afghanistan, where Al Qaeda was initially at post-9/11, when they were met with some sizeable force--not necessarily a decisive force--they ran into the mountains and hills of Pakistan. They fled to fight another day. This organization will not do that.    So what we must do is take the territory away from them which provides them their legitimacy. And by returning Iraq to its sovereignty, to its borders, that is a good thing and that is what winning looks like.    The same thing in taking the territory away from them in Syria.    That would not stop ISIS from conducting terrorist activities in those same countries from outside the country or from a small safe haven in it, or using terrorist activities in cyber terrorism, which they are also doing, in other satellite countries. But where core ISIS is, we must take the territory away that they own, and that begins to look like we are winning.    That doesn't mean ISIS goes away, because as the map I showed you, they have affiliates out there in satellites that they are trying to establish governance with and relationships with. But this is central to ISIS.    And let's face it: ISIS has quite an appeal in the world today, and why is that? Because they have the appearances of winning. They are standing up to the United States and powerful nations; they are humiliating these nations by how--the barbarism and butchery that they do on the Internet. And they have had some impact with citizens in other countries killing their fellow citizens, as well.    When you start to take this territory away from them, and you start to kill and capture them, and you find them in shackles, and they are moving into detention centers by the scores, this image, this attractiveness of ISIS begins to fade because now it is a losing organization. And it starts to impact on its ability to recruit people. Nobody wants to be a part of a losing, failing organization.    Mr. O'Rourke. Yes.    I am not going to have time to hear from the other witnesses, but I would love to get your responses for the record: What does winning look like? What conditions will have to prevail for us to withdraw military forces from that region?    Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wittman.