    Mr. Bridenstine. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to all of our panelists. I'm glad to see there's so much agreement on our panel today. There's been a lot of talk about the Space Race. I want to be clear, we've put men on the Moon. We got two rovers currently operating on the surface of Mars. We have explored the furthest reaches of the solar system. The Space Race is over, and we won.    The question is now how are we utilizing space and how are our near-peer competitors utilizing space, and the question is, are we ceding leadership to the Chinese. China is building a new station, as has already been identified. It has a Moon rover, recently launched the world's quantum communications satellite, as we just talked about, which does have very specific military implications, and it's expanding its BeiDou PNT system. Taking into account that there is no distinction between China's peaceful and military space programs, and these developments become very alarming quickly. Given their notorious lack of transparency, we do not know their true intentions with a space station nor do we even know what they are currently doing on the Moon.    Quantum technology is virtually unhackable and would give the Chinese a distinct advantage over any current military communications that we have as a nation. Utilizing BeiDou gives the Chinese an outlet for PNT that is separate from our own GPS. As they are developing their own GPS-type constellation, they are also developing and undertaking direct ascent antisatellite missile capabilities such as the 2007 direct ascent test that destroyed a LEO satellite. They are advancing spoofing and dazzling technologies and carrying out pernicious state-sponsored cyber espionage including a hack of the National Weather Service, which compelled us to shut down ground stations for two days in this country, deteriorating forecasts and putting my constituents in danger, and that threatened also the safety of millions of Americans including the constituents of everybody on this panel.    It is clear that China views space as the ultimate high ground and they are rapidly making moves to establish themselves in a position of strength while also improving their ability to deny us the use of space. Given the threat from China, we cannot afford to have the DOD doing extraneous activities not within its mission. As a point of departure, we must give the responsibility for providing space situational awareness for commercial and foreign entities to a civil agency, namely FAA's Office of Commercial Space Transportation. The Department of Transportation and the DOD concurred and endorsed this proposal in a recent report ordered by Section 110 of the Commercial Space bill recently enacted in 2015. I urge all of my colleagues to read the Section 110 report.    Next, we have a chance to pass a NASA authorization this year. That bill should direct NASA to utilize the Moon on our journey to Mars. Mr. Chairman, I think that's a great idea that you said and I think we need to go forward with that. Our allies want to go there as does a wide swath of our domestic commercial space industry. If we do not, our allies will work with China. They're either going to come into our orbit or they're going into their orbit--no pun intended.    Further, the bill should include the formation of a plan for a post-ISS world. We cannot afford a gap in LEO platforms similar to our gap in human transportation that currently exists. Including these policies will go a long way toward ensuring that we do not leave a power and leadership vacuum for China to fill.    Unfortunately, NASA under this Administration seems more focused on forcing partnership with China than in maintaining our leadership. Former Chairman Frank Wolf was a leader on this, and our country is grateful for his work. He first codified restrictions on cooperation with China in space.    On top of their belligerent space activity, China is run by a brutal regime that imprisons dissidents and persecutes minorities. State-sponsored cyber-crimes have robbed our companies of billions of dollars of intellectual property, doing untold damage to our economy. When does it stop is the question?    Mr. Chairman, any NASA bill should permanently codify the restrictions on cooperation with China while also discouraging others from partnering with the Chinese. We must treat China's actions in space for the threat that they are and ensure that we stay ahead of them technologically while preventing any vacuums in leadership that they might exploit.    Mr. Cheng, my question is for you. Given that China considers space security equivalent to maritime security, as you've kind of already talked about, is it reasonable to expect that China will behave in space similar to how it has behaved in the South China Sea?    Mr. Bridenstine. I'm out of time.    Mr. Bridenstine. I just wanted to directly respond to something that my good friend, Mr. Perlmutter from Colorado, said, which was the cooperation with the Russians and using their launch capabilities for our civil space programs. It was an article in Aviation Week and Space Technology probably about seven months ago. I read the defense minister for Russia stated very clearly--they were asking how are you financing your military communication, space-based communications programs, how are you financing your military remote sensing and imagery capabilities, and he said very clearly in the article that they're financing it with off-balance-sheet financing from expenditures from launching foreign satellites and astronauts. So when we cooperate in that way, we have to be really clear about what we're doing: we are financing the defense and military capabilities of the Russians. And I just wanted to get that on the record.