    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Again, this is--and I go out to both Mr. Bishop and also Mr. Peters in his question. I think this is a problem that most people are just struggling. Mr. Brady, that's why in a panel like this I appreciate you being here and actually having the, you know, what I call the boots on the ground. You have to live with this all the time.    I've had in my office just recently--it's not just a matter of also the interpretive language, it's also the matter of getting the actual agencies, if they are going to do a rule to actually do the rule. And I've got businesses right now that are having to make multi-million dollar decisions based on the salt or lack of salt in processed foods that are going to school lunch programs. They are having to make the decision now, because actually, business understands that you actually have to plant your crop before you get a harvest. Government doesn't understand that.    Government, if you work in the little cubicles down, which God love them, they are great folks, they need to be smaller in size, but they work down here for the good of folks, that's not the way it happens. They just can go on because they are never held accountable to any standard. They are accountable to a piece of paper that's brought out at the end of the day.    Mr. Buzbee, you said something that is really interesting to me. How in the world--and again, you have to understand, if you've heard me on the floor, and you've heard me here, I am not at all concerned about imposing a little bit of work on an agency. That is not a problem. Okay. My problem is when you said to impose due process or a substance, actually would be a problem, because then they would begin to skirt. I want you to explain a little bit more what you were saying there?    Mr. Collins. Because that right there is just terrible.    Mr. Collins. But I think what we're looking at here, and, Mr. Brady, actually brought that--you know, even though you had a Supreme Court ruling that did sort of lay it out and, frankly, there were many people who understood what the Supreme Court was doing. I mean, we can lawyer everything, I lawyer everything to death, and you can as well. That's why there's a lot of problems in this.    The problem is interpretive rules have the full--they formally through court cases, lack the full force and effect of the law.'' But, you know, from a builder perspective, how many times have you had a building inspector come to your home or your building and give you an interpretive ruling on how high a fence was to be or how much--who is the law at that point?    Mr. Collins. Exactly. This is the problem we're getting at. And I'm not even sure anybody would like to take this on, is when we're looking at these, there could be issues--and, Mr. Clark, I think you had brought up an issue of actually doing it below a billion. Real quickly, is there a place where you would draw the line, on--Mr. Noe, either one--that would broaden the applicability of the REVIEW Act to below $1 billion. Is there a line below $1 billion? Like a number, do you have a number in mind? Mr. Clark. Mr. Noe.    Mr. Collins. Do all have a number in mind? Mr. Clark, do you?    Mr. Collins. Well, I think the biggest thing here, and I tried to get something from all of you here, as I'm closing up here is, simply is these rules, these interpretive rules, whether it's before the billion cap, non-billion cap, we're dealing with issues of real-world significance on. There is a cost-benefit analysis. There is something that to say that you do need this billion dollars and decide if we are going to have a suit or not, because otherwise, you can stop things. And for the interpretive reason, this says we need to take a look back. And I don't see anything wrong with an agency of any kind doing a comment open period so that we can get some of this clarified.    This is a good reason for this hearing, and, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.