    Mr. Grothman. Thanks much.    I guess this question's for either one of you. You know, the Department of Justice announced they've been conducting their own investigation. Are you still participating with the DOJ's investigation of the targeting of conservative nonprofit groups?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. It was implied before that the investigation is nearing completion, I think by Justice. Is that true as far as you know? Or can you give us any status as to when you think this is going to wrap up?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. So you wouldn't know if any criminal charges are going to be filed?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. And they made no recommendations, Justice, as far as you know?    Mr. Grothman. Are you satisfied with their investigation?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Wouldn't it, in general, be your responsibility to make recommendations how to clean up the IRS as opposed to the Department of Justice?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. That's a little bit unusual, then. Normally you'd be the lead agency. Right?    Mr. Grothman. Are you satisfied that the truth is going to come out with the Justice leading--being the leading agency rather than yourself?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. I appreciate your professionalism. I will say this whole IRS thing and targeting people I think is having a chilling effect on America. I'm sure I'm not alone. When you call people, you know, for the other thing politicians do, this is something that gets brought up. I mean, people really believe right now that if they take a politically unpopular stand, and it's not just the IRS, it's other agencies as well, EPA, what have you, that if you say something that's politically incorrect or take a politically incorrect position, the full force of the government is going to come down on you, and that's not the way this country is supposed to be built.    So I appreciate your professionalism and I hope you get to the bottom of what was really going on here so that we can do--so the people who--the wrongdoers can be prosecuted. But thank you for coming over here today, and I yield the remainder of my time.