    Mr. Barr. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And Mr. Woodall, since you have been the topic of much conversation as a Phi Beta Kappa from Kentucky, as a fellow Kentuckian, I am going to try to leave you alone for the most part today.    Let me start with some of our bank regulators, our prudential regulators, and note that at a macro prudential level, FSOC and our banking regulators have participated in international agreements with the Financial Stability Board, Basel, and other forums. And the main difference between U.S. requirements and those promulgated internationally is that it seems that our domestic standards are more stringent than our foreign counterparts.    So just a few examples: A capital surcharge on global financial firms nearly doubled the international standard; supplemental leverage ratio that is double adopted--that adopted internationally; a liquidity coverage ratio that is more restricted than the international standard, and arbitrarily punishes certain products like municipal securities; a total loss absorbing capital rule that goes beyond international standards; OTC margin requirements that are considerably more punitive than international standards.    So this question is for Ms. Matz, Mr. Watt, Mr. Gruenberg, Mr. Cordray, and Mr. Curry. I assume that you all agree that these prudential rules and other reforms have improved safety and soundness. And if you agree with that general proposition, raise your hand.    So, all of you agree that these new prudential rules enhance safety and soundness. A follow-up question: do you believe that the benefits of these new prudential rules outweigh potentially the cost to international competitiveness, given that we have higher standards than that international--okay. So, most of you agree with that.    When combined with Volcker, financial institutions seem to be making a couple of changes in the regulations and producing a couple of results. One is that there is a migration of activities out of heavily regulated banks and into much less regulated non-bank financial firms, the so-called shadow banking system. And I want you to address that.    But also there is much talk about illiquidity in the markets, institutions dropping certain products and services, pulling back from market-making functions critical to investors, extension of credit affecting various fixed income asset classes in different ways.    So my question to some of our market regulators, Mr. Massad, Chair White, is that the FSOC annual report acknowledges that there are changes in terms of reduced liquidity in the capital markets. The Office of Financial Research is corroborating this.    Certainly, there are other indicators. The Center for Financial Stability found that market liquidity has declined by 46 percent. And as you all have already noted, and Mr. Curry has noted, this potential lack of liquidity that is resulting from regulation could mean that financial markets have less capacity to deal with shocks, and would more likely seize up in a panic just as they did in the 2008 financial crisis.    So, given that our bank regulators are making the case to FSOC that this is good for financial stability, and yet we see a liquidity problem developing, from your perspective, what do you make of all this?    Mr. Barr. I think we should look at regulation as a cause of financial instability as a result of the lack of liquidity that we are seeing developing in the marketplace. That is something that FSOC should be paying attention to and revisiting some of these regulations to the extent that they do compromise financial stability.    Finally, let me just go back to Mr. Watt really quickly.    The GSEs are exempt from Mr. Cordray's QM rule. They are exempt from capital and liquidity rules that I am talking about. Agency MBS's are carved out of the Volcker Rule, and agency MBS's are some of the few cash and cash-like equivalents that banks need to hold to comply with these capital and liquidity rules.    My question to you in my limited remaining amount of time is, why are these standards good for the private sector, but not for GSEs under your oversight? And why have a double standard if, as you signaled by raising your hand, these capital requirements are important for financial stability? Shouldn't it be important for the GSEs as well?    Mr. Barr. Why should we continue to have the risk on the taxpayer?    Mr. Barr. I think we should look at that double standard.    And I yield back.