    Secretary Lew. Chairman Hensarling, Ranking Member Waters, and members of the committee, thank you for having me today and for this opportunity to testify on the Financial Stability Oversight Council's 2015 annual report.    I would like to begin by recognizing that we are a few short weeks away from the 5-year anniversary of the enactment of Wall Street reform and the creation of the Council. As we approach this milestone, it is clear that these reforms have made the financial system safer and more resilient while supporting long-term economic growth.    Wall Street reform has put important consumer, investor, and taxpayer protections in place, supporting companies that play by the rules and serve their customers, small businesses that need access to credit to grow and create jobs, and working men and women trying to save for their children's education, a downpayment on a home, or their own retirement. Wall Street reform has worked.    Five years ago, the Council was created to be a forum for the entire financial regulatory community to come together to look across the U.S. financial system to identify and respond to potential threats to financial stability. Today, the Council is doing exactly what Congress designed it to do, from asking the tough questions that will make our financial system safer to shining a light on emerging threats before they can evolve into the next financial crisis.    Moreover, the Council's member agencies work collaboratively to leverage the expertise that each regulatory agency brings to the table. And the Council has also established a track record of conducting its work in an open-minded and deliberative manner, incorporating constructive suggestions from stakeholders, including members of this committee, who have made the Council more effective. The Council asks hard questions and only makes judgments based on facts and detailed analysis.    Before discussing this year's report, I want to emphasize why each annual report is important. The annual report provides transparency about the Council's work. Each report covers a range of issues based on extensive data-driven analysis, and it contains in one place the collective views of the financial regulatory community about current risks and emerging threats to financial stability, along with recommendations for specific actions to mitigate those risks.    The findings and recommendations set down a marker for action, providing clarity regarding the Council's priorities and a roadmap to the year ahead. This provides Congress and the public with a way to hold the Council accountable for making progress.    The report highlights the Council's recent work and demonstrates its continued commitment to openness and good governance. For example, this year's report highlights a series of important Council initiatives over the past year, including enhancements to the Council's transparency policy, stronger internal governance, supplemental guidance to our nonbank designations process, and ongoing engagement with the public regarding potential risks from asset management products and activities.    Last month, at our 51st meeting, the Council released its fifth annual report. This year's report focuses on 11 key areas, many of which have been discussed by the Council in prior annual reports as well as at its meetings over the past year. These include the potential incentives for greater risk-taking in a low-yield environment, the need for continued progress to reform benchmark rates such as LIBOR, and the continued reliance on short-term wholesale funding. For each of these areas, the report highlights where progress has been made and where more still needs to be done.    Cybersecurity remains a key area of focus for the Council. The financial sector has been a leader of other industries adopting cybersecurity measures, but still we have seen cyber incidents affect the largest financial institutions and the community banks that form the bedrock of the financial system.    That is why this Administration and the Council are focusing on how to continue working with the private sector to strengthen best practices, information-sharing, and incident response. I commend the committee for focusing on the topic in recent hearings, and we look forward to working with Congress on this critical issue.    This year's report also identifies several new potential risks coming into focus which the Council and its member agencies will monitor over the coming year. For example, the Council will pay heightened attention to ongoing regulatory efforts to bolster the resiliency of central counterparties, or CCPs. The Council also highlighted the ongoing evolution of market structure across various asset classes and the need for constant monitoring to ensure that markets function efficiently.    The Council recommends continued vigilance to the confluence of factors driving changes in market structure and the extent of their impact on market functioning and the provision of liquidity.    Promoting financial stability and protecting the American public from the next financial crisis should be a common objective that we all support. Yet, opponents of reform continue to advocate rolling back these protections, including the ability of the Council and its member agencies to respond to future threats to financial stability. As the Council's annual report demonstrates, threats to financial stability are real and will evolve with the marketplace. We simply cannot let our guard down.    I want to thank the other members of the Council and all of the staff involved with the 2015 annual report for their hard work and commitment.    As we approach the 5-year anniversary of Wall Street reform, we will continue to work with this committee to continue addressing these threats and promoting the strength and stability of the U.S. financial system.    Thank you very much, and I look forward to answering any questions that you have.    Secretary Lew. I have seen it in the past. I am not sure which one you are holding.    Secretary Lew. I have seen it in the past, but I am not familiar with what you are holding.    Secretary Lew. I am familiar with the--    Secretary Lew. I understand that is the analysis which is in that piece of paper. I haven't read the piece of paper.    Secretary Lew. Look, I think if you look at the experience we have had since the financial crisis, since financial reform, we have seen--    Secretary Lew. I haven't looked at that piece of analysis, so--    Secretary Lew. --I can give you my response to the idea, but that is what I was--    Secretary Lew. I don't want to comment on a report I haven't read. I am happy to address the issue, Mr. Chairman--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I--    Secretary Lew. I think if you look at the financial stability situation today versus before the Dodd-Frank Act and Wall Street reform, we have a much--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I am happy to--    Secretary Lew. I think if you look at an issue that we have talked about before, I very much believe that it would be a good thing to enact reform in the area of GSEs. There was progress on that on a bipartisan basis in the Senate last year. It is something that didn't proceed to the Floor--    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to look at that report. I am happy to offer my views on this issue, but--    Secretary Lew. Yes. I--    Secretary Lew. I would be delighted to answer the question if you give me the time.    Secretary Lew. Yes, I don't think I have gotten--    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. Yes, I believe that is correct.    Secretary Lew. I have.    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, we identified the threats that we see as real. Many of those have a connection to Federal policy. And I am happy to answer specific--    Secretary Lew. It is not my view that Federal regulation is a significant risk to financial stability. So I don't agree with--    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, I think that the question of market liquidity is a very complicated one, and trying to reduce it to one factor is never going to--    Secretary Lew. If you would allow me to answer your question, this is a complicated issue. It is a very important issue. It is an issue that I spend a lot of time thinking about. It is not a 10-second answer. I will give you a--    Secretary Lew. Yes. I think that it is not possible to say what is the single cause. I do not believe that Federal regulation is a significant factor--    Secretary Lew. May I just ask to address this issue? Because I think it is actually a very important issue.    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman, I think if you look at the question of liquidity, there are a lot of people trying to reach a simple explanation to a complicated question.    We are at a point in the business cycle where we are seeing naturally a lot of volatility as we move out of the deepest recession since the Great Depression. We are seeing an expectation of some movement in interest rates. That is a significant factor.    We are seeing market structure changing rapidly. We are seeing the introduction of a high level of electronic trading, including high-frequency trading, that is changing the structure of markets.    We have also seen a tremendous increase in the volume of issuance of bonds. That is having a big effect on market structure--    Secretary Lew. I think anyone who tries to point to a single thing, like a rule, is not going to--    Secretary Lew. Well--    Secretary Lew. I think that part of the issue--there was a desire in financial reform for certain things that are high-risk, highly leveraged investments to be less liquid. I don't that is necessarily a bad thing.    That doesn't mean it is a good thing for there to be a loss of market liquidity. I do not see a major impact--    Secretary Lew. --in terms of broad liquidity, but we are constantly looking at this question of liquidity. And we are open to asking the question as to what the impact of Federal policy is. I just think it is a mistake to start there.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, I would like to offer you the courtesy of continuing your explanation, if you would like to have it.    Secretary Lew. Thank you very much, Congresswoman Waters.    I guess the thing I would add is that there has been a lot of focus on this issue since October 15th, and there has been a lot of telling of the story of what happened on October 15th that is just not based on the analysis or the facts.    There was no breakdown in Treasury markets on October 15th. That is not something that is supported. There was no liquidity crisis. There was a moment, there was a blip, there were a lot of things going on, but we don't see any evidence that regulation contributed to that event.    There was a moment in time when there was a lot of off-risk sentiment because of events going on in the world. There was a huge amount of electronic trading going on. And there was a blip in the market that, obviously, is very much worthy of our attention. But people took from that, I think incorrectly, the notion that somehow that was an event that was caused by a rule. It wasn't.    And we are doing a lot of work on it and look forward to issuing an analysis very shortly.    Ms. Waters. Thank you, Mr. Secretary.    One of the largest and most frequent criticisms my Republican colleagues have lodged against the Financial Stability Oversight Council is what they deem to be a lack of transparency with respect to nonbank systemically important financial institution, or SIFI, designations.    And while I think many of their criticisms are merely attempts to hamstring the Council under the guise of oversight, I do appreciate that you and your staff have redoubled your efforts to engage with Congress and with nonbank institutions and to open up your deliberations for additional public scrutiny.    Mr. Secretary, would you describe precisely what changes to both the annual and to the 5-year designation processes FSOC made in its February 2015 supplemental procedures announcement? And please also describe how FSOC balances the need for transparency against the need to protect sensitive market and supervisory information.    Secretary Lew. Congresswoman, thank you.    We made a number of changes that were designed to respond to concerns raised both by this committee, members of the committee, and by stakeholders, which give a great deal earlier notice and transparency to the process to parties that are under review.    I want to just underscore that there was a lot of back and forth even before. So this is not as radical a change as it may sound like, but it is more formal. And I think it is something that has led to a good deal of, kind of, recognition that the system is more transparent, which is our goal.    The review process, by necessity, involves reviewing highly confidential business documents that are commercially sensitive under law where we have to protect the documents and the information. We try our best, in the context of that constraint, which is a reasonable constraint, and it is a constraint shared by supervisors of these institutions as well, to be transparent with the public and the committee at the same time.    I think that the changes that we have made have helped, but FSOC is a young organization, and we always remain open to suggestions on how to improve the process.    Ms. Waters. Last month, the chairman of the full committee and five chairmen of each subcommittee sent a lengthy and onerous request for documents regarding the FSOC designation process, which contained at least 13 different subparts. It is my understanding that more than a week ago you responded to that document request with an offer for an in-camera review of 1,400 pages of confidential business and bank supervisory information.    Since you responded, my staff has begun a review of those materials. To your knowledge, has the Majority availed themselves of that opportunity?    And would you consider the production of such sensitive and voluminous documents to be consistent with the Council's desire to be transparent with the Congress?    Secretary Lew. Congresswoman, we did make that offer. We appreciate that your staff has begun reviewing it. Unless it has happened in the last day, I am not aware that the Majority has reviewed it, but it could have happened in the last 24 hours.    That is the right way for us to make clear the commitment to transparency while protecting very sensitive confidential information.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, what I said is complicated, and we are open--    Secretary Lew. That is certainly my understanding.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think the Volcker Rule is a very important protection against--    Secretary Lew. --risk-taking. I can't give you--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I listed the factors that I know are very much real--    Secretary Lew. I am not able to say that I know the Volcker Rule--    Secretary Lew. I--    Secretary Lew. I am trying to demonstrate an open-mindedness that you are not giving me a chance to express.    Secretary Lew. I haven't ruled out--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, the FSB is a very different process than--    Secretary Lew. --FSOC. There is no consequence to the designation in terms of--    Secretary Lew. So it doesn't have the powers that FSOC--    Secretary Lew. Only FSOC has the power to impose--    Secretary Lew. --a regulatory burden on--    Secretary Lew. There is an open process where stakeholders share their views and, certainly, governmental entities share their views with the FSB, but it is a different kind of a process. So I don't think the same kinds of due process issues apply when you are not designating a firm with the consequence--    Secretary Lew. I am saying you are comparing apples and oranges. FSB and FSOC are very different. So there is an appropriate set of due process concerns--    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think there is a more basic issue, which is that we are--    Secretary Lew. I don't think the FSB's process and our process are at all identical.    Secretary Lew. We have our own responsibility--    Secretary Lew. What we are doing at the FSB is trying to make sure that it is a thorough, complete review. They--    Secretary Lew. --are proceeding in a similar manner--    Secretary Lew. I don't know the precise schedule at the FSB, so I--    Secretary Lew. I don't think that the FSB can time all of its actions around--    Secretary Lew. Look, this consensus process, let's understand what it is about. It is about trying to drive the world--    Secretary Lew. I don't know. I would have to--    Secretary Lew. I would have to look at where we were and where they were and make a judgment at the time.    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Congresswoman. This is a hugely important issue in every sector of our economy and our country because, truly, there are exposures to cyber risk everywhere.    The financial sector, I think, has been a leader in taking it seriously. And the largest firms are putting enormous resources into trying to put systems in place that are effective.    One of the things that we have done as a government that I think is very important is our National Institute of Standards (NIST) has put out best practices. We have encouraged the private sector to use best practices. I have certainly encouraged other financial regulators to have the same view.    I think that we are at kind of a moment where it is not just a question of what does a firm do itself, but you have to ask what are the policies a firm has with regards to who it will do business with. A lot of the exposures come not directly at the firm but when a third party connects to the firm.    Secretary Lew. So those firms do not just have to worry about what are they doing, but do they have good standards as to who they will do business with. And our goal ought to be to bring all of those parties to the highest standard.    I think it is premature to talk about having a single national standard that is mandatory. We have put it out as a voluntary standard. I think many are going and using that standard. And I think it is something we have to continue to look at.    Secretary Lew. We do work across agencies in many areas. In particular, there are connections between, say, the utility sector and the financial sector, because if your power goes out, you are obviously going to face a risk.    I am not familiar with what the SBA's program on this is. In the financial area, one of the things that we have focused on is the need for smaller financial institutions to be able to work together or through organizations so that they can pursue best practices together, because the burden for any individual firm would be too high. That is one of the reasons it is so important to have legislation in this area, to make the collaboration between firms easier and less risky for them.    We have been very much supporting the enactment of cyber legislation, but even pending the enactment, we have put out Executive Orders to try and pave a way for firms to work together.    Secretary Lew. Congresswoman, I think that there is at some point a tradeoff between access to credit and risk-taking. We have raised concerns over the last couple of years that in some cases there may by an overadjustment, where--if you look at the FICO scores for home mortgages, the averages have gotten very high. There are a lot of not very risky potential borrowers who are having access-to-credit issues.    Some of that requires a clarification of some of the policies put in place. It is why some of the agencies have been addressing the issues like put-back risk.    Now, why am I answering a question about small-business lending with housing issues? I think we all know, for a lot of small businesses, the pathway to credit, in part, is through their personal home equity, their home mortgages.    Secretary Lew. So the two are related.    We have done a lot through our programs to reach out, both through the SBA and through programs we at Treasury run, to make credit available to small businesses. We work with the community banks and local lenders to encourage that lending. I think it is an important question.    I do think, as we come out of the--through the financial crisis into a period of calmer macroeconomic circumstances, that is an important time for more lending activity to be appropriate.    The question isn't, do financial institutions have no risk, but do they take reasonable risks, and are they not overly leveraged?    Secretary Lew. Good morning.    Secretary Lew. I haven't seen the article. I know the report.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think if you look at the risks to our economy from Federal spending and debt, we are in a much better position now than we were 6\1/2\ years ago. We have reduced the deficit as a percentage of GDP and in dollars at a historically quick rate. And that very report makes clear that over the next 10 years, we are in a pretty stable place.    I think the thing in that report that people are concerned about is the long term. And, obviously, there are still--    Secretary Lew. No, I said over the next 10 years. That report goes out far longer than 10 years. And I think that the issue of--    Secretary Lew. No.    Secretary Lew. I think if you look at where we were in 2008-2009, we were careening towards a very treacherous place. We have stabilized it, and it is improving. We still have long-term challenges, and--    Secretary Lew. Our report appropriately looks at the threats to financial stability, and--    Secretary Lew. I think that if you look at where we are today versus 6 years ago, the Federal deficit has been brought under control for the next decade.    Secretary Lew. We are in a period where we need to get the economy growing; I totally agree with you. Our conversation should be about what can we do to grow the economy.    And we know there are things we could do. We could have an infrastructure program in place. We could have immigration reform. There are lots of things we could do to grow our economy.    I don't think, right now, the debt 20, 30 years from now is the thing that is holding our economy back.    Secretary Lew. The analysis that led to firms being designated is laid out clearly in the record that is quite public. And I think each of the firms understands why they were designated.    The question of how they--you are really asking how could they exit, because de-risking would mean they would no longer be.    Secretary Lew. We have made clear that we are going to review regularly, annually, the status of the firms. We have done that with the firms that have been designated. And--    Secretary Lew. --if a firm changes its business model and has less risk, it would no longer be designated.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think that, obviously, asset management has grown as a sector, and there are a lot of individual and institutional assets there. We have been looking carefully at this question for some time. The risks are not necessarily just firm-specific. That is one of the reasons that we are looking across the industry at activities to ask, are there activities that are particularly risky?    We have not reached a conclusion. I am reluctant to give a view until we have reached a conclusion. Because, frankly, we have entered the process, as have regulators around the world, trying to understand and learn about a growing and somewhat new industry. We have identified that as a question. I can't prejudge what the answer is.    What I can tell you is that it is important that we complete the process and that it be driven by facts and by analysis. And if there is action that needs to be taken, the appropriate regulatory body should do so.    I think the notion that you cut these questions off because you think you might not like the answer or because you think you know the answer is exactly what got us into trouble in 2007 and 2008. We have to be willing to ask the questions and, even if the answers end up being hard, follow them to a logical analytic conclusion. I think that is what FSOC is doing, and I look forward to that process being completed.    Secretary Lew. I don't know that FSOC has looked at it. As Treasury Secretary, I have looked at it. And I think that if you look at the performance of the smaller and minority-owned managers, there is not a huge difference. Some are successful, some are not. The same is true with the large managers. Some are successful, some are not. Some have good years, some have bad years.    I think one of the problems is that there is a tendency to bulk things up because it easier to deal with a few rather than a lot of managers, and we need to push back on that. We need to make it clear that the door has to be open to new participants in this space.    And we have tried through a number of things we have done to have that be the approach, both in terms of how we have managed some things within Treasury and through other intergovernmental efforts we have had. I think we are making progress, but there is more progress that needs to be made.    Secretary Lew. I think it is important for there to be broad participation and for the process to be open. I don't know that I would think you should have, kind of, mandatory targets. But I would be happy to follow up with you. And it is a matter I have a great deal of interest in and would like--    Secretary Lew. Everybody has moved around. I don't know where to look.    Secretary Lew. No. We have been very firm on the issue of putting nontariff barriers in place where you have a local storage requirement for electronic data.    I think the distinction is easy to make, and I have tried to be clear in this committee before. We view prudential regulation as something that ought not to be brought under trade negotiation or a trade process. And that is the difference. It is not prudential regulation to say that there shouldn't be a nontariff barrier--    Secretary Lew. In general, trade agreements do not bring prudential matters or--    Secretary Lew. We said ``no'' to the Europeans on this.    Secretary Lew. I think that the actions taken in 2010, 2012 to avoid an economic crisis in Greece were the right thing for the IMF and the right thing--    Secretary Lew. --for the United States.    Secretary Lew. At the time, Greece said--    Secretary Lew. No. And if I could just take--    Secretary Lew. So, look, I think that there are occasions when it would be important for the IMF to have flexibility--    Secretary Lew. I think that is not exactly where the conversation in the IMF is. There is a serious conversation--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, there is a range of issues, and I think it is important to distinguish them. There is the exceptional access issue itself, and there is a question of how to proceed into a new world of debt reprofiling. We have tried to--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, if I could just take--I know you are running out of time, but if I could take half a minute to respond--    Secretary Lew. I would be delighted to--    Secretary Lew. This is a hugely important issue. Obviously, quota reform is critical to the U.S. place in the world, and we are working very hard to get quota reform enacted.    I think exceptional access has serious questions. I have never pushed back on the kinds of questions you are asking, and I am open to a serious conversation about it. I think, looking forward, finding a way for the IMF to avoid having to use tools like that is in all of our interests, and I would be happy to have a conversation.    Secretary Lew. I am fine.    Secretary Lew. I have heard of it.    Secretary Lew. I have.    Secretary Lew. That is a long--    Secretary Lew. I am--    Secretary Lew. As a Mets fan, I am showing great self-control, though.    Secretary Lew. I understand. And, look, we could discuss it and say why we don't think it is a risk. The report focuses on the things that we think are risks.    Secretary Lew. It is a fair point.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. They have, I believe, just--    Secretary Lew. I believe the answer is ``yes,'' but--    Secretary Lew. Yes. I think I understand where you are going, Congressman.    Secretary Lew. And I think what they have not done is they have not removed from the Federal Government, the Federal taxpayer, the risk that goes with those institutions having the backing of a Federal backstop.    Secretary Lew. It goes to the Treasury.    Secretary Lew. And so does the risk--the support that goes behind the risk--    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. Yes. That is not the way I look at it. I see--the GSEs are still in conservatorship, which means the Federal taxpayer is directly standing behind them if they fail in the future.    Secretary Lew. Well, no. From day one, there was an actual denial that there was a backstop. It is now clear there is a backstop.    Secretary Lew. It was in law.    Secretary Lew. No. I think that we have seen over the last several years the estimates of the potential risk of a problem in the GSEs is still quite large. So--    Secretary Lew. But the liability is borne generally.    Secretary Lew. The liability is borne generally, yes.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think that to answer the question fully would take quite a long time, because it is a very complicated issue.    Secretary Lew. And I had tried to indicate that we are open to looking at any of the possible costs.    Secretary Lew. In fairness, Congressman, I am offering a much more detailed answer than the commentators. Most of the commentators that I have heard, with some self-interest, have jumped to one explanation.    Secretary Lew. I think that if you look at the many factors that are at work right now that are having an impact on liquidity, it is not my view that financial regulation is the principal thing that requires our attention. I have not said we shouldn't look at it, and I think these other factors are very clear.    Secretary Lew. If you look at liquidity, you have to look at different parts of the market.    Secretary Lew. And if you are looking at Treasuries, it is different than if you are looking at high-risk bonds.    Secretary Lew. We are looking at all of the factors that could contribute.    Secretary Lew. We are looking at all of the factors that could contribute.    Secretary Lew. I am saying that as Secretary of the Treasury, it is something that many of the members of FSOC in their own agencies are looking at as well.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think that the financial reform has made our system safer and sounder than it was. We have a stronger economy because of it. Liquidity is still deep.    Secretary Lew. And I think that when we look at the issues related to liquidity, we should look at all potential factors. I identified the things that I am aware of.    Secretary Lew. I do, very strongly.    Secretary Lew. Thank you.    Secretary Lew. Thank you, Congresswoman.    We have worked at Treasury, together with other agencies that look at the market carefully, and tried to follow the transactions that day to understand what actually happened. And there was a huge amount of volume, and there was this 15-minute period when there was a price spike. But there was not a breakdown in the market. It is something we have to ask what happened then and what do we learn from it going forward.    There was a huge amount of electronic trading going on. Market structure has evolved, and one of the things with technology is you never go back. So we have to deal with the reality. And there are many positive things about electronic trading, so I don't say that critical of the development of electronic trading. But that changes the structure of a market.    We are looking at that. I can't sit here today and say I have a clear answer. We are hoping over the course of the next few weeks to complete our analysis so that we can offer a more definitive view.    But what I was trying to say before is that there was a desire to jump to a conclusion that somehow financial reform caused October 15th. We see no link between financial reform and what happened on October 15th. Maybe others will find it. But it is why we have to be so careful when we ask these questions about liquidity to treat a very complicated issue the way it should be treated.    I have not ruled out looking at any of the contributory possibilities from any policy area or market condition. But we also ought not to jump to a conclusion, which many did very quickly in a way that I can understand why they did, but it doesn't mean it is right.    And the Treasury market remains the deepest and most liquid in the world. There are other areas of the market where there are some questions about liquidity that are quite legitimate, where they are not electronically traded, so that is different, where the huge volume of corporate bond issuances raises some questions about would there be a good liquid market if there were a very stressed day. We are looking at all those questions. We take them very seriously.    One of the things, you have to separate the different kinds of liquidity, because if it is a question of institutions keeping high-risk proprietary investments on their balance sheet or not, that is not something we should go back to. We have a system that is safer and sounder because we have moved away from that.    Secretary Lew. I would look forward to it.    Secretary Lew. Sure. I would be happy to respond.    Secretary Lew. Again, it is a complicated question. I was OMB Director 3 years with a surplus. I believe in having a fiscal policy that lasts for the long, long term. I think if you look at what we inherited, the stability that we now have is a world of improvement, and there is still work to do 30, 40 years from now.    Secretary Lew. It has come down.    Secretary Lew. It is a good story. The deficit has come down as a percentage of GDP faster than at any other point.    Secretary Lew. I don't think it would be good for our economy if we were to have a balanced budget today. Right now, we have an economy which many of you have said isn't growing fast enough. We need to continue to look at keeping the economy growing and keeping an eye on the long term. Having a stable fiscal posture for 10 years is huge progress.    Secretary Lew. At the time, our deficit was in double digits. It is now coming below 3 percent of GDP.    Secretary Lew. The debt as a percentage of GDP has stabilized for this period of time. We have made enormous progress. It was climbing and it is has stabilized.    Secretary Lew. Sure. The President and I personally take this extremely seriously. We put in enormous effort through our multilateral and bilateral engagements to use the tools we have. And we have had considerable success. We have helped push China into a different policy and Japan into a different policy. So I think we are using the tools, and we are using the tools well.    In the trade legislation that is moving through Congress, there are additional tools. One is that there is a negotiating instruction that says in TPP currency issues are a high priority. And we are working with our TPP negotiating partners to arrive at agreements that will give us more visibility and more ability to use the consultative process and the public disclosure to get them to do the right thing.    Secretary Lew. And then I was going to say there is an amendment that we support that Senator Hatch and Senator Bennet put in, in the Senate, which puts new tools in place, which requires that we do an evaluation based on objective criteria as to whether or not countries are violating what we would consider fair currency practices. If they are in violation, it puts us in a position where there are several new tools, including not being able to be in trade negotiations with countries that are violating. So I think we have important new tools in the trade law.    Secretary Lew. Thank you.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I couldn't be prouder of our offices that work on threats.    Secretary Lew. They do have sufficient resources, and they punch way above their weight. But if we thought we needed more resources to do the job, we would ask for them.    Secretary Lew. Reverence would be more like it.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, let me start by saying I think we have made clear as an Administration that no individual and no firm is above the law, and we will prosecute and we will enforce regardless of who has broken the law.    Secondly, the violations of law that are behind these actions are very serious. They get to the heart of the integrity of our system, things like tax fraud, things like terrorist financing facilitation.    I think that if you look at the prosecutions, if you look at the settlements, the numbers have been very large, and there is no question but that firms are being held accountable.    Secretary Lew. If I could answer your first question, then I will come back and answer that last question.    I think if you look at the approach the prosecutors have taken, they have wanted to make sure they could hold accountable financial institutions and the individuals in them and not have unintended consequences that they can't control.    Secretary Lew. And I would leave it to the regulators to decide the right way to respond. But prosecutors need to know that they are not going to create an unintended consequence.    Secretary Lew. I think on your last question, there are a lot of things we could look at in terms of what the practices within the industry are and how you hold individuals accountable that are worthy of consideration.    Secretary Lew. I don't think it is a question of in conflict. The question is, do banks of all size pose the same risk and require the same exact treatment? The answer is no. And we have been very careful in designing rules to try and distinguish different levels of treatment for different firms of different size.    That doesn't mean we have it perfect. There certainly is an openness to looking at issues there. But I have to say that the debate recently has taken on a kind of odd character. There has been discussion of exempting banks of $500 billion or less.    Do you know how many banks there are that are between $500 billion and the biggest banks? There are six banks, the largest financial institutions in the country and the world. So we have to be careful not to ask questions as if a $2 billion bank is it like a $50 billion bank, or a $50 billion is it like a $500 billion bank.    I would be happy to have this conversation. We are open to ideas of how to tier the treatment appropriately.    Secretary Lew. There could be a formal process. But I think if you look, there are a number of regulators taking a look at this issue to see what they can do with their regulatory flexibility. And I think it is a question of when you raise it to the level of a formal review.    I will give you an example of the kind of issue that we have looked at, the frequency of the examination cycle. There is a reasonable case that the frequency should be different for a small institution and a very large institution. So there are ideas here that could be pursued.    The fact that it is not a formal Section 115 review doesn't mean that people aren't asking these questions. If you look within the regulatory bodies, they are looking at them, and we are obviously looking across the landscape.    Secretary Lew. I would be happy to continue this conversation with you, Congressman. To be clear, OFR expresses independent views. It doesn't express the views of the Treasury or of FSOC. I am expressing my own views. And they won't always be identical. You wouldn't want them to be identical with OFR, because OFR was put in place to be an independent institution expressing its own analytic view.    Secretary Lew. Thank you.    Secretary Lew. I have said so, yes.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think when we talk about liquidity in the markets we are not talking about institutions that merge or don't by other institutions or not. I think what we are talking about is, is there a market for buying and selling bonds in a quick way with stable prices?    So obviously the capital and the depth of the balance sheet of institutions will affect, potentially, both questions. But I think they are severable.    Let me make a couple of comments. One, I think that as we came out of the financial crisis, there is undoubtedly going to be some more volatility. When I started testifying as Treasury Secretary everyone was concerned there was no volatility in the market. Now there is a concern that there is volatility in the market. It shouldn't be a surprise that as we see a return to a more normal economy, there is more volatility.    I think that the institutions themselves are stronger than they were going into the crisis. They have more of a capacity to come through a period of economic stress in a healthy way, and that is a good thing.    And I think in our FSOC report, we look at the risks that we see to the broad financial system, and we do include liquidity on the list, but it is not the single factor that we are looking at. And I think it is also going to separate the different parts of the market, because Treasuries are very different from high-risk bonds.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think that there is a lot of money that is on the balance sheet of businesses they don't even need to borrow to get access to. And yet, there is a more fundamental question, why are they not investing more? I think it has to do with a sense of confidence that they are looking for that the continued economic growth will be strong.    Secretary Lew. Yes. I don't think there is a lack of access right now to capital that is the problem. I focused earlier on things like housing and small business, because I think that is where the questions are real as to whether individuals or small businesses are having trouble accessing capital. Large firms right now are not having trouble accessing capital.    Secretary Lew. I think that the fact that our banks now have the ability to see themselves through a difficult period makes our system safer and sounder. They did not have the capital, they had too much leverage, and we saw in the financial crisis what the result was. We can't go back there.    Secretary Lew. As I have indicated earlier, our hope is that in the next few weeks, that analysis of October 15th will be completed, and we look forward to sharing it with the committee. It has been a complicated analysis. It has required a number of agencies working with very different bodies of data, and I am very anxious to get it completed.    Secretary Lew. I can't say 3 weeks; over the summer is the schedule we are working on. I have been pressing people very hard to finish it as soon as possible, and as soon as it is finished, we will share it.    Secretary Lew. That is the schedule we are working on, yes.    Secretary Lew. No, I wouldn't say that any single analysis will answer all the questions. It will help us understand October 15th much better. And in the FSOC report, we noted that there is a broad range of factors.    I must say that I have taken a lot of questions today which want me to comment on regulation. In the FSOC report we added regulation to the list of things that we need to look at. So we are open to looking at all the causes. I identified the things that I am confident are things that we need to be looking at.    Secretary Lew. Yes, Congresswoman. I think that the process is clear, that we review the designations annually. If the business of the designated company has changed and it no longer presents risk, they know what the risks are, we have identified the risks very clearly. And right now, it has been in the news that GE Capital has changed its business plans for reasons that have nothing, I believe, to do with the SIFI designation, but that will cause there to be a review, and we will have to see whether that changes their character.    So we are open to, if firms change their structure, if they change their business--    Secretary Lew. They know what it is about their business that created the designation in the first place. They know what the transmission mechanisms are.    Secretary Lew. There is a very long analysis that goes to the companies when they are designated that identifies for them the basis of determining the risk. If the basis, then, changes--    Secretary Lew. It is not a question of take steps A, B, and C. It is a question of what are the risk factors, and if they no longer present those risk factors.    Secretary Lew. The risk factors are quite clear.    Secretary Lew. To the firms that are designated. They understand what it is.    Secretary Lew. Yes. It is in the analysis that is available to the public.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, obviously it is a matter under litigation. I am not going to comment on the substance or the process of pending litigation. We have tried in all of the designations to be as transparent as we can be while protecting legitimate commercial information that we need to protect.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, in a review of asset managers we have made the judgment that the area that we need to spend considerable time on is looking at activities that asset managers engage in and whether or not there is risk associated with those activities. We haven't completed the review yet, so I am not in a position to--    Secretary Lew. Ultimately, the questions of looking at financial stability involve looking at what the losses would be to creditors and associated businesses, not so much of an issue here, what the run risk would mean in terms of the potential spread to the economy and markets, whether or not it locks up access to one or another kind of essential services.    We are looking not just at firms. We are looking at activities to see whether--    Secretary Lew. No. The question is, are there activities within asset managers that if there were, under a stressed situation, a series of bad events. These things don't happen in good situations. They usually happen when there are a lot of bad things going on.    Secretary Lew. And we have to understand, are there activities in those asset management firms that present the kinds of risks we need to be concerned about. I don't know the answer to it. We have asked this question--    Secretary Lew. We have asked the question knowing that the answer could be yes or no. So I don't sit here today with a firm view.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, the leverage rules apply to all assets. It even applies to Treasuries and cash. So it is a very inclusive rule. And I think it is reasonable to ask questions as to whether or not there are unintended consequences. And certainly you distinguish it, say, from the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule exempted Treasuries. A lot of the questions I got earlier were trying to tie liquidity to the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule obviously doesn't affect Treasury holdings.    I would have to look at the specific issues related to the margins.    Secretary Lew. Yes. Look, as I say, I haven't focused on the margin issue. I have focused on the Treasury and the cash issue. And I think if you go back to the purpose of the leverage rule, it is a very solid objective, which is to make sure institutions don't get overextended. And I think that what the percentage is makes a big difference in terms of whether or not it is the binding constraint or not.    Secretary Lew. I think it is an overstatement to say the banks aren't playing that role. Banks are still doing their core business. And even under the Volcker Rule, they are not prohibited from market making and holding inventory for market making.    You are asking a question that I am asking as well, with the evolution of the markets, are there questions of financial stability that we need to ask that are different? So you look at some of the newer players in the market, where the volume of trading is, I think it does raise questions, both about the kind of plumbing of the system, but also about implications on liquidity.    Secretary Lew. I think one can overstate the tradition of banks doing things that weren't in their economic interest to maintain markets. But clearly having inventory has been real.    I also think that if you look at what the definition of liquidity is, it may not be reasonable to think that there should be no price fluctuation even if there are dramatic things going on.    Secretary Lew. That is a very good question. Obviously there are pieces that need to be completed, and that is not really what you are asking. You are asking, what is the kind of area that we haven't addressed?    Secretary Lew. I would have to say GSE reform is the area we haven't addressed. And it would be a good thing if we would. I am not sitting here today optimistic that is going to happen legislatively. But it is why we engaged so much in the Senate in the bipartisan discussion to try and work through an approach to GSE reform.    Secretary Lew. To back mortgages, you mean?    Secretary Lew. I think there have been some small steps taken, but there needs to be an active effort to look at what can we do to have a more active private securitization industry. The notion that most mortgages are backed by either FHA or a GSE that is backed by the Federal Government is not a great place for the industry and that part of the market to be, which is why I said GSE reform, which is a path towards an active private marketplace.    The experiments that I think have been useful have been things like putting first-loss protection in place apart from the GSE. It has been small. But we have seen that there are ideas there that you can insulate the public from the first risk and start to bring private money back into place. That can be through mortgage insurance. It can be through capital market products. I think more thought has to be put into that area to develop it further.    Secretary Lew. I'm sorry?    Secretary Lew. Yes. I think it would be good if there were more private, nongovernmentally backed.    Secretary Lew. Yes. Or they would have competitors.    Secretary Lew. Look, I think right now the structure of our mortgage industry makes the continued operation of Fannie and Freddie necessary. The idea behind GSE reform was to be able to chart a path where there would be a different kind of marketplace in the future. So we live in the present, we live in a world with FHA and Fannie and Freddie, and we have to try to make that world better absent legislation.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I totally agree, and I was trying to indicate in my response earlier that the risk is being borne by taxpayers on an ongoing basis and the conservatorship is not over.    I would only add one additional thing to what I said earlier, which is that the damage done to our economy by the housing crisis was far more than the simple amount of money that was put into the GSEs. And I think Americans are still healing from the pain of that financial crisis.    So I think that the right thing is to do GSE reform and to get on to a new restructured system, but it is not the right time to be talking about ending the conservatorship or paying dividends.    Secretary Lew. Look, I think the items that you just mentioned are the kinds of things we have been talking about and thinking about. Obviously, there is a common security platform being built. It is something that could be expanded beyond the GSEs and be available more broadly. I think the more we are able to lay a foundation that a private securitization market can be built on, the better off we would be.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I agree with you totally. I have pushed back with China's most senior leaders on this issue and have made it clear to them that it is a very significant issue here and it is something that in the context of both the S&ED and the leaders meeting we need to see movement on.    Secretary Lew. Congresswoman, first, I don't believe the rules are effective yet. They were put in financial form with a future effective date.    I think we have seen a continued reduction in the reliance on short-term wholesale funding, which is a good thing, but we still have very large amounts of investment in money market funds. And we saw in the financial crisis that there was run risk there, and the reason that the rules were put in place by the SEC was to create a safer path forward.    I certainly will keep an eye on that as it is implemented to make sure it works as designed. But we have made clear that we have to keep attentive to whether or not they are sufficient or whether there is a need for additional policy.    Secretary Lew. No.    Secretary Lew. Right. The problem is the connection between the money market funds and the rest of the financial system. What we saw during the financial crisis was that the risk of money market investors, institutional investors, leaving, selling their position, was creating the risk that the overnight funding that the largest financial institutions relied on would evaporate. And that could have caused the entire implosion of major financial institutions.    We are in a much better place because there is less reliance on wholesale funding, and we now have rules in place to try and make it safer.    Secretary Lew. Look, I think that we have tried to be very careful and analytic in the approach and not to overreach and go into spaces that we don't need to be in or belong in. The institutions that have been identified are market utilities that have crosscutting exposures, and the largest kinds of firms that are nonbank firms, where the determination was made that the risk is there.    So it is not that we are looking to regulate more firms for the sake of regulating more firms. We are going to continue to go through the criteria, and we are obviously getting to smaller firms as we get down the list.    Secretary Lew. I would be happy to follow up. I don't have the time now. But I have tried in a few instances to express the concern that creditworthy borrowers should have access to the market, and there are a number of things that we are looking at in that regard.    Chairman Hensarling.The time of the gentlelady has expired.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Posey.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, in general our performance on FOIA is better than that. I am not familiar with this specific matter. I am happy to look into it.    Secretary Lew. I will have to look into the matter and get back to you.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I will have to check on the report.    But in the area of economic warfare and terrorism, there is no agency in any government in the world that does a more effective job than Treasury, and I am happy to defend the record that we have here. We really are the global leaders in making progress in this area. And I think it is an area of great bipartisan consensus and we looking forward to working together.    Secretary Lew. I will check on the report. I am quite familiar with what we are doing. It takes a great deal of my attention and the world's attention. The report I will have to check on.    Secretary Lew. We will get back to you.    Secretary Lew. We will get back to you.    Secretary Lew. I don't know what the status of the issues are. We will get back to you promptly.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, this issue of cybersecurity is obviously a relatively new issue, but it has gone right to the top of the worry list and priority list that we have, and as I talk to CEOs, it is the top issue that many of them have. The challenges are many. It is hard to protect a system, it is hard to have individuals in the system operate in a way that makes it as safe as possible.    I think the financial sector is actually at the lead and we have a lot of work to do in the financial sector. There are many other areas where the exposure is even greater and some of them overlap. I mentioned earlier the connection between utilities and financial up here. Power and phones are not there, it is very hard to run a modern financial institution.    I think that it is very much in the mind of both the regulators and the industry, and the more tools we have to work together, the more tools there are for them to work collaboratively and to share information and best practices, the more likely we are to be successful. A threat that shows up in one place, if you know about it, you can then look for it as opposed to being blindsided by it.    And we are making progress. There is much better sharing of information than there was. But I wouldn't suggest that we are ultimately where we need to go. And I think the passage of legislation to enable the greater sharing of information would be very helpful.    Secretary Lew. I don't take much comfort in that, though.    Secretary Lew. The cybersecurity legislation that is pending would take down some of the barriers for sharing of information and collaboration in the private sector. I think getting that in place would be quite helpful.    We are doing things now on a voluntary basis where there are risks that firms have to balance which would be very much eased if the legislation were to pass. We have Executive Orders that go as far as Executive Orders can.    I would be happy to follow up with you on more specific issues in the financial space that could be helpful.    Secretary Lew. Obviously, within the Federal Government, we collaborate quite a lot, and DHS plays the lead on cybersecurity. But I will tell you, in the financial space we have a regular meeting amongst the agencies that work most closely together and we are looking at what we can do to be more prepared. And obviously, that gives us the ability to reach out more effectively and develop a plan.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I don't remember the exact date, but I can tell you the statement I made at the Senate in October 2013 and the statement to this committee are entirely consistent. What I said in October 2013 is that we make tens of millions of payments and we don't have the capacity to pick and choose amongst all of them.    I didn't address specifically the question of, is there the technical capacity to pay principal and interest. I did indicate to this committee that we do have the technical capacity, but it would be a terrible thing to do because if you chose to pay principal and interest, you would be defaulting on something else. You would be defaulting on a Medicare payment or on a veteran's payment or on something else.    The only solution is to raise the debt limit and to not put any President in the position where they have to make the decision, do they pay one thing but not another?    Secretary Lew. Mr. Chairman--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, thank you. As we have discussed many times, this issue of remittances is a very important one, and we are very concerned about the problems that families are having in making payments.    We are working on the implementation of the legislation. And I am happy to get back to you with a more detailed response on the status of the implementation.    But we are more broadly working on this issue of how to deal with remittances in Somalia.    Secretary Lew. As I think you know, we are very involved with the World Bank to develop solutions to the problem, and that really means building up some capacity in the Somali financial system.    Secretary Lew. Because right now there is not a real financial system to engage with. We have had meetings at a very senior level in Somalia, at the political level, at the central bank level. And I know that our Under Secretary will be traveling to your district to have some meetings on this issue.    Secretary Lew. Right. There is not an easy answer to that question. It is hard to exaggerate how little they are starting with in terms of building a functioning financial system. And the tragedy is that there are legitimate transactions, like family remittances, that should be able to go forward, but it is very hard to know that the money isn't going to go into hands that will do real harm.    And trying to figure out how to build that system is why we are working with the World Bank. We can't go into Somalia the way we go into some countries, because of the security conditions. So we have people come out of Somalia into other countries for training. It is not the most efficient way to do it. Our OTA people are great when they can go in and work with people side by side. We just can't do that in Somalia. But we are trying to do it offsite to help them build the skills.    It is a process. It is not something you can just kind of hand over and have a functioning system. They are trying, we are going to work with them, and we have to be creative in finding the ways to start that building process.    Secretary Lew. We will do so and we will continue to work with you and try to find a solution to this.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, as I have said in response to several questions today, I think this liquidity issue requires our very serious attention. I think there are a number of factors that have been at work. It ranges from the point we are at in the economic cycle and the volatility that is natural at that point, to the emergence of new market mechanisms that are different and present different risks, to the volume of corporate bond issuance.    I have also said that we have our eye on whether or not there are regulatory issues, it is in the FSOC report, that it is one of the things we need to look at. So I am not approaching this from the point of view that we know exactly what it is. Frankly, I don't think anyone knows exactly what the answer is.    Secretary Lew. But I think the factors that I described I know are at work. I think that the question of regulation is much more speculative. And I think people have jumped prematurely to a conclusion about regulation which I think would take our eye off of where the real risks lie.    Secretary Lew. Look, I think that we have come a long way since the financial crisis. Our system is safer and sounder. We have the ability for our institutions to withstand a bump in the road that they didn't have before. That doesn't mean that we should ever stop. We have to keep looking forward.    Secretary Lew. I didn't say more or less. You can't take 50 years between looking at these questions, that didn't turn out so well. We need to keep our eye on the future, and we have to be open to the possibility that there are multiple different factors that are at the core of an issue.    And on something like liquidity, it is of fundamental importance that we have a deep and liquid market here. You still have to separate out Treasury markets from corporate markets to high-risk markets. They are not all the same. Liquidity issues aren't all the same.    Secretary Lew. Hopefully. Our goal is to get it this summer and we will share it as soon as it is completed.    Secretary Lew. I didn't say anything--    Secretary Lew. We have to be open to less also. I didn't say more.    Secretary Lew. We have to be open to more or less.    Secretary Lew. I do.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. I have read the words. I am looking at some of these graphs for the first time.    Secretary Lew. Yes. And we are seeing performing loans doing better and we are seeing the foreclosure issue settle down.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. I do.    Secretary Lew. Yes, sir.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I think that you have talked about the improvement in the economy in a very compelling way. Obviously, the graphs illustrate it, but so does the number of people working every day.    I think that there is no doubt but that the steps we have taken through Wall Street reform and FSOC have made our system safer. We also have an economic recovery underway, which is why everything is also getting better.    What I don't think we can do is kind of rest comfortably that there is no problem out there to worry about, because what will happen is we will get to the down point of a business cycle, there will be stress on the system, and we owe it to the American people to make sure we are in a position when times get tough that we don't go back to the 2007-2008 kind of situation. That is exactly what we are doing in FSOC.    Secretary Lew. It is why you need capital.    Secretary Lew. Yes, it is to reduce. It is to make sure that we have financial stability always on our minds and we reduce the risk of a financial crisis.    Secretary Lew. No, no. It is why I focused on stability.    Secretary Lew. The process is not one where we assume that everyone could be a SIFI. It is to go through the firms that present themselves because of their size, complexity, and structure.    Secretary Lew. I think the reality is that no two firms present themselves in an identical place. And the way we go through the analysis looks at each firm and the risk that it presents through a--    Secretary Lew. --consistent set of questions.    Secretary Lew. Right.    Secretary Lew. Yes, I don't want to give you a single number. Obviously, the larger it is, the--    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. And it depends on what the investments are in.    Secretary Lew. It is a combination of leverage and risk.    Secretary Lew. It is certainly a factor that you would have to consider. And we have made our focus for this last period of time looking at the activities that contain the most risk, because we don't--    Secretary Lew. First, asset managers have different business models. Some of them are leveraged; some of them are not leveraged.    Secretary Lew. I am not sure what you mean by joint and several. It--    Secretary Lew. I am just--I am not sure what you are referring to.    Secretary Lew. Obviously, those same retirees have an interest in making sure that they have access to their savings when they need them and that they--    Secretary Lew. Yes. So--    Secretary Lew. --I don't start out with the presumption that firms should be or shouldn't be designated. I think we have to complete the analysis and come to a conclusion of what risk factors we are looking at and if those risk factors warrant any kind of action. So--    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. My sense is that the asset management industry is very much offering its views as we go through this process.    Secretary Lew. I couldn't agree more.    I think that the reality is the technical question of could you pay principle and interest misses the point, which is that, if you pick and choose what you pay, you are going to default on something.    Secretary Lew. Even if you reach the conclusion that you had to do that because it would be disastrous not to, it is a terrible place to be because you are still in default.    Secretary Lew. So the only thing that solves the issue is to raise the debt limit.    Secretary Lew. I think that the liquidity rules, the theory behind them was you look at the overall exposure of the firm, and they didn't make distinctions between different kinds of assets.    I obviously think that Treasuries and cash have a degree of safety that is different--    Secretary Lew. --than almost any other asset in the world. But that is a different approach than saying everything is treated the same.    Secretary Lew. I don't think we have any evidence that they are not in a position to do their job. The Treasury markets remain deep and liquid. And as I have said a couple of times today, I don't think that what people looked at on October 15th, in terms of the movement on Treasuries, had to do with a lack of--it wasn't the effect of any kind of regulatory environment.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. I will give you an example. I have heard a lot of them say as if it affects the Treasury market, that Volcker is the reason, but Volcker--    Secretary Lew. --Volcker doesn't cover Treasuries.    Secretary Lew. Yes. So, in Treasuries, I think you asked the right question, is it something in the leverage rules, because the other rules didn't--    Secretary Lew. Right.    Secretary Lew. Right. I think that it is very important for us to maintain the deep and liquid Treasury markets. It is something that is part of what makes our dollar the world's reserve currency. It is part of our economic backbone. I don't see a weakness in the Treasury market right now, but I can assure you that--    Secretary Lew. --a day doesn't go by when I don't ask questions about it.    Secretary Lew. I am not familiar with that proposal. I would be happy to look it.    I think the Ex-Im Bank does enormously important work in leveling the playing field for U.S. exporters. It throws off a--    Secretary Lew. I just haven't looked at that. I would be happy to look at it.    Secretary Lew. I am well. How are you?    Secretary Lew. I don't think that is what I said.    Secretary Lew. No. I said I think the Treasury market--we haven't seen problems in the Treasury market. I think there are issues about liquidity that require a lot of attention, and I went through at some length the kinds of issues that I think we need to pay attention to.    Secretary Lew. They are doing work in this area. And they have obviously issued some analysis, and I know they have other work that is ongoing.    And I think it is not just an OFR question. It is a question that we have to ask in domestic finance in Treasury, securities and banking regulators have to ask. So I think that there is a serious conversation in this area.    What I have tried to make clear is that it would be a mistake to jump to conclusions about what the relationship between the safer, sounder world after financial reform and liquidity is. We have to be open to it but not assume that is the whole explanation.    Secretary Lew. I would have to get back to you on the workstream.    Secretary Lew. They have been doing a lot of analysis on October 15th, for example, to understand what happened on that day. And they are very much in the space of helping to make it possible to look between the data that different regulators have and do the analysis.    Secretary Lew. Yes.    Secretary Lew. I couldn't agree more that we have to understand things before we act.    Secretary Lew. There were quite a number of questions earlier.    Secretary Lew. I am not sure what question--    Secretary Lew. I think that it is important that we use the flexibility we have to treat institutions of different size differently. And we have tried to do that, and we need to continue to ask, is it being done as well as we can do it.    I think it is a mistake, though, to think that a $2 billion institution is the same as a $50 billion institution or a $100 billion or a $500 billion institution. So I think some of the suggestions that I have heard about drawing the line, say, at $500 billion are very bad policy. That would take the next six largest institutions out of the heightened supervision.    Secretary Lew. I--    Secretary Lew. I have spent most of my professional life trying to control our spending and have revenue to cover our expenses, so I don't dismiss it at all.    Secretary Lew. I think we have made enormous progress--    Secretary Lew. I don't think--    Secretary Lew. I think--    Secretary Lew. --if we had stayed on the course we were on in 2008--    Secretary Lew. --I would say that--    Secretary Lew. --we have made progress since then. I don't--    Secretary Lew. I--    Secretary Lew. Look, I--    Secretary Lew. I think they are, obviously, very different kinds of--    Secretary Lew. --threats. We have made a lot more progress on our fiscal position than we have in terms of moving Iran.    Secretary Lew. Congressman, we have made enormous progress--    Secretary Lew. But it is the reason why my answer is what my answer is. If you had asked me this question in 2009, I would have given you a different answer than I am giving you now because--    Secretary Lew. --we are not in the same place.    Secretary Lew. I don't think it is the most pressing concern today, because we have controlled the rate of growth--    Secretary Lew. As a percentage of GDP, we have stabilized the deficit and the growth of the debt.    Secretary Lew. I think--    Secretary Lew. --for the next 10 years, we have a stable debt and deficit situation.    Secretary Lew. It does not mean--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, I am telling you I do have a concern about our fiscal policy. We have to maintain a responsible fiscal policy. We also have to maintain growth, and we have to--    Secretary Lew. We have done more than talk, Congressman. We have reduced the debt--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, when he took office--    Secretary Lew. Congressman, we have reduced the deficit as a percentage of GDP from 10 percent--    Secretary Lew. --to under 3 percent.    Secretary Lew. That speaks to what we are doing and what we have done.    Secretary Lew. FATF has been a very important process to bring the world community together behind high standards to control bad practices and bad activity.    We are very much engaged on a bilateral basis with any country that we see doing things or not doing things that they need to do to control--    Secretary Lew. I have talked with our counterparts in Turkey about what they need do in their banking system, and--    Secretary Lew. I have talked to people in most of the world about this issue. And when we talk, they actually respond and they move.    So it is not an easy process where you can just kind of turn a switch and have everybody doing everything they need to do, but we are engaged very deeply at a very high level around the world.    Secretary Lew. Look, I have heard people say things, some of which are supported by facts and some of which are not. So--    Secretary Lew. I talk to people all the time.    Secretary Lew. I am not doubting anyone's sincerity. I think people see the world the way they see it. Sometimes it is right, and sometimes it is wrong.    I think that--you just cited at the end of the piece that you read that people are saying they are having trouble moving blocks of bonds in any size they want without any movement in price. I think that has something to do with market structure. You have different players in the market now. It may mean that to maintain liquidity you have to do multiple transactions.    Secretary Lew. That is different from not being able to transact.    Secretary Lew. I think there are different kinds of market-making going on. There is a lot of market-making going on, and you can't roll back the clock. The fact that you have the emergence of, say, electronic trading and high-frequency trading, there is a lot of activity taking place in that space that isn't the traditional broker-dealer model.    Secretary Lew. Obviously, the Volcker Rule is still taking effect. It hasn't--    Secretary Lew. Banks are going to have to not have proprietary investments that they had in the past.    Secretary Lew. That means that they are going to have to sell some assets.    Secretary Lew. But I think you also have to acknowledge that the exposure to risk on proprietary investments was a significant--    Secretary Lew. The objective of the Volcker Rule was to reduce the level of risk exposure of firms by getting them out of proprietary investments. I think that we will be better off when that is implemented. And I think the markets will adapt--    Secretary Lew. With the exception of Treasuries, it is a pretty tight rule in terms of--    Secretary Lew. Look, I think the consolidation was going on before Wall Street reform was enacted, and I am not sure that consolidation is leading to the SIFIs taking over. It is mostly smaller banks combining. And it is an issue that--we have a real shared interest in making sure communities have access to community banks--