    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. And I'm going to--before I get into the meat of things, there's a couple of things I want to make sure I get out there. And first of all I'll say that I started a few years ago in here the first Congressional Public Transportation Caucus because of how important it is that we support public transit across the country. Not just my hometown of Chicago but I'm also a Metro rider, when I'm out here. So first thing I wanted to mention, I'm going to have a question for the record about WMATA's recent cancellation of the new electronic payment program, which I know is designed to make the customer experience better.    And too, reportedly it would have saved WMATA $60 million a year. I know there's much invested in this. And we certainly have a few challenges with the current fare collection system. So I just, I'm going to be asking a question for the record on that and what has happened with that. I want to move on. I just wanted to ask a quick question to Ms. Flowers. A recent assault on a DC Metro bus driver became deadly when the bus was hijacked and horrifically killed a pedestrian. And driver assaults are a national issue. The FAST Act asked FTA to issue a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on driver assaults, which is a growing issue. Is--when will FTA issue its rulemaking?    Ms. Flowers. Well, the first thing that we've done is that our Transit Advisory Committee on Safety has done a study on operator assault and given us some best practices and recommendations for preventing and mitigating transit worker assaults. So that's going to be part of the basis for the proposed rule. We're currently gathering information and input from the transit community as well as unions to inform this rulemaking. So we're in the process right now of working on that.    Mr. Lipinski. Thank you. I want to probably come back to you later on this after the hearing, but thank you for that. I just want to say, this morning--I'm a Red Line rider. Wake up, hear there are two places they are single tracking. A report of an arcing incident. I said, I'm getting on my bike to ride the 17 miles down to Capitol Hill, because I don't know when I'm going to get in. I think Metro in so many ways is unfortunately an embarrassment in our Nation's Capital. But it needs to work.    So I'm not here to just tear things down. We need this system to work. I think the region needs to come up with a dedicated funding source for Metro. We can't do anything here in Congress about it, but I think that's something the region needs to do. We need, definitely there's a lot of talk about changing of the--we need to change the way people act within the system, the whole culture. And that's difficult to do. I thank you, Mr. Wiedefeld, for what you have, mainly things that you have done so far.    I want to ask, I know the March 16th shutdown caused a significant inconvenience to many of the region's commuters. But 2 months after the shutdown, the FTA released a series of safety directives to Metro. Among them were things that appear to be routine maintenance, including removing debris, replacing insulators and third-rail cover boards. So I'm concerned about Metro's efficiency in conducting inspection and repair. Especially given the SafeTrack plan is about to begin.    I want to be assured that if Metro is going to cause serious disruption to people's daily lives that you will be using the time to accomplish all the required maintenance. So first, were FTA's findings in May a result of the March 16th shutdown, or were those findings the result of previous inspections? Or what, what was, the May FTA findings, where did those come from?    Mr. Lipinski. But do you know--were the May findings a result of, are those things that were found on the March 16th shutdown, or?    Mr. Lipinski. And so you just focused on that one thing?    Mr. Lipinski. OK. So when Metro has completed the SafeTrack program, will it be in compliance with all Federal safety orders and recommendations?    Mr. Lipinski. OK.    Mr. Lipinski. And one thing, very quickly. I noticed, I live--not only do I take the Red Line, I hear the Red Line going by, unfortunately all the time, where I, you know, sleep. When I'm out here. I heard for months a click-clack of every, every time the, a wheel set went over its track, for months. And then one morning I wake up and they say there's a broken rail just south of the Grosvenor Metro stop. And I said, ``I could have told you a long time ago that there was a problem there.''    And it seems like there's somehow something wrong in the culture. Someone should have been able, and the operators should have said, ``Hey there's something, there's something wrong here.'' And that's, I think, all part of changing the culture here, where everyone is a part of trying to make this system run well. And that's something that really needs to change. There's a lot of work that needs to be done. We're going to be watching it. But we need to make this system work. Thank you. I yield back.