    Ms. Hoffman. Thank you very much, Congressman. I really do appreciate it and I did enjoy the visit to Oak Ridge and having a roundtable discussion with a lot of stakeholders in the region.    The grid modernization initiative is a strategy that the Department has pulled together looking at the integration of renewable resources, energy storage, Microgrids, data integration and one of the things that we are trying to do is work very closely with the regions where they are at to how they can expand some of their capabilities in advancing the grid activities.    Some of those include partnerships with buildings and looking at that data and how the data can improve the efficiency and the operations of the electric grid but also looking at how it can improve better customer services so some of the activities in the regions, the importance of the grid is very apparent with the electric power board at Chattanooga and some of the projects that they are looking at from a Microgrid point of view as well as their data integration for reliability and resilience.    Ms. Hoffman. Yes, I would, thank you. Thank you, Congressman, for the question, and I think the grid is undergoing a transition, and like any transition, we have to help with the process as we move forward. California has reached its first 10,000 megawatts per hour ramp rate in California. Also, we have had a request for 1.3 gigawatts of energy storage on their system. I think California represents a leading edge of what is to come. The reason the Department of Energy did the Grid Modernization Initiative was really to take a look at the integration of distributed energy resources, renewable technologies, but also find a way to effectively integrate that, but to deal with some of the challenges that are occurring on the system. So part of the budget request, which is looking at grid modernization, which is the 262 request from OE and the budget request that is coming from EERE, we are integrating those aspects of renewable energy resources, looking at energy efficiency, looking at how we can better manage demand on the system. So these are great opportunities to provide the flexibility that the grid requires, but it is a work in progress and it is efforts that we will continue to work on.    Ms. Hoffman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the question. With respect to the grid, yes, it is owned majoritively by the utilities and other entities out there and we do not own the grid. The issue that it comes down to is, how do we invest in new technology while minimizing risk for those entities? So there are a couple things that as utilities are looking at the integration of whether it is wind, it is how do they evolve their system to be able to keep pace with the demands of the new technologies that are coming on the system, so a couple things.    With respect to grid technologies, we want to help reduce the cost of the technology. We want to de-risk the technologies so that the grid operators can install these technologies more cost-effectively based on rate payers and consumers and----    Ms. Hoffman. It is up to them to install it, but we can help bring down the cost and we can bring down the risk. The other area is that the grid is a network system, that Idaho Power is connected to the Western Interconnect, and there are issues that would affect Idaho Power would affect the rest of the Western Interconnection. So how do we look at those systems issues from a wider area so that the utilities can advance their technologies but also be a part of the system so that they do not affect the rest of the system as they invest in these technologies? So those are a couple things that the analytics that we do support where technologies can be best placed on the system, the value of the technologies, and how we can improve the resilience of the grid writ large.    Ms. Hoffman. So thank you for the question. The Grid Modernization Institute is a core part of our mission innovation area with the Office, but what we would exactly like to do is focus on high-risk components that we need to have manufacturing in the United States to support. I know that, at least some of the numbers that I have seen, is the utilities will invest probably close to a trillion dollars over the next 20 years in upgrading components on the electric grid. What we would like to do with the Manufacturing Institute is take a look at some of those high-risk, hard, difficult-to-manufacture components and focus the Institute on investing and manufacturing for those type of devices or components. For example, one might be magnetic materials to help with cores and transformers. Transformers are a very difficult component to manufacture. We need more transformer manufacturing in the United States. Another area might be in the wires, the transmission and distribution wires of low resistivity materials so that we can actually get additional capacity and more efficiency in our transmission and distribution system. So those would be the efforts and the topics. We would run some workshops to fine-tune whether this is the best topic, but this is just an example of some of the things that we would look at.    Ms. Hoffman. Yes, yes.    Ms. Hoffman. Thank you Congressman, I would just love to add a couple points. I mean, our energy storage program at $44.5 million is looking at reducing the cost of energy storage, but also getting the deployment of energy storage out there, partnering with the states, looking for opportunities of deployment of energy storage whether it is on the grid, but on the distribution level. We also have a $30 million budget line for our smart grid that is looking at microgrids. Looking at the integration of technologies of the distribution system. And I think that is really important as we start optimizing generation. As you have discussed, how do we get a small ecosystem in pulling together technologies?    But in addition to that, we have to work on the institutional issues which is looking at what we are calling distribution level reform to get that, to simplify the complexity.