    Chief Dine. Yes, sir. Thank you, Chairman Graves, Ranking Member Wasserman Schultz, and members of the committee. I am honored to be here today, and I appreciate the opportunity to present the United States Capitol Police budget request for fiscal year 2017.    Before I begin, I would like to note that my full testimony, as you mentioned, outlining the Department's request has been submitted for the record.    I am joined here today by Assistant Chief Matthew Verderosa, our Chief of Operations and soon to be Chief of Police, and Mr. Richard Braddock, our Chief Administrative Officer, as well as some members of my executive management team and our Inspector General, Fay Ropella.    First, I would like to thank the committee for its sustained and unwavering support for the United States Capitol Police. I would specifically like to express our appreciation to the committee and to the Congress for providing the necessary salaries and general expenses funding for fiscal year 2016 to support our personnel and operations.    The women and men of the Capitol Police work tirelessly to ensure that the legislative process of our government functions without disruption or lapses in security or safety 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. But none of this would be possible without your support and that of the Capitol Police Board.    The Department's fiscal year 2017 request totals nearly $410 million and represents an overall increase of $35 million, or 9 percent, over the fiscal year 2016 enacted funding level of $375 million.    The Department's fiscal year 2017 personnel request reflects our continuous efforts at all levels of management to effectively and prudently manage our existing resources to achieve the best possible balance of staff versus overtime and to meet mission requirements. We are constantly analyzing our workforce to align job functions, assignments, workload, risk management, and organizational readiness, along with the ever-changing assessments and mandatory mission requirements within a dynamic environment.    Our fiscal year 2017 request includes base funding for 1,823 sworn officers and 373 civilian positions. These are the staffing levels funded during fiscal year 2016. In addition, the request also includes half-a-year funding for an additional 72 officers and 51 civilians.    With the rise of ISIL and continued efforts of Al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations to attack public venues, as well as increased occurrences of homegrown violent extremists and lone wolf-type episodes, we have seen a rise in the number of mass casualty events around the world and in the continental United States.    Based on this rise in terrorist events and the tactics displayed by the assailants, the United States Capitol Police have once again reviewed its operational and tactical posture to ensure that the department is taking every measure possible to maintain the security of the Capitol complex while allowing the legislative process to continue to function in an open environment.    In close coordination with the Capitol Police Board, the Department believes that the implementation of security measures to better secure and screen within House garages, the full implementation of additional screening and prescreening at various building access points, and the implementation of enhanced screening portals is necessary.    Before requesting additional personnel, the Department looked at its current mission load and worked closely with the Capitol Police Board to modify or eliminate mission requirements in order to offset new mission requirements. Additionally, the Department has reviewed duties currently performed by officers that could be civilianized in order to repurpose current officers to better meet operational requirements. Funding for 48 new civilian positions requested will be utilized for this civilianization process, and funding for 3 new civilian positions will support the increased physical security infrastructure.    The funding request represents an overall increase of approximately 8 percent over fiscal year 2016 salaries enacted level, which includes funding for the 2017 Presidential Inauguration, natural salary increases, additional staffing requirements, and increased overtime costs, since the department's current sworn staffing levels do not entirely provide the necessary resources to meet all of our mission requirements.    The second area I want to cover in some detail is our requested general expenses budget, which includes protective travel, hiring, outfitting, and training new sworn personnel, supplies and equipment, management systems, nonpersonnel Presidential Inauguration support, and other nonpersonnel needs. We are requesting $76 million for general expenses, which is an increase of $10 million over the fiscal year 2016 enacted level.    The increase results from normal increases in operating costs, inauguration costs, cost to train, recruit, and outfit the new employees previously mentioned, the cost of life-cycle key items and routine equipment systems, and the restoration of annual levels, reduced in previous fiscal years, to meet regular department needs. The request also includes an additional requirement to equip a fully functional Alternate Command Center.    In closing, I am very grateful for your time today. As you know and as you mentioned, this is the last time I will appear before you representing this great organization. I have had the distinct pleasure of serving as the Chief of Police through one Inauguration, four State of the Union addresses, six Joint Meetings of Congress, historical events, the African Summit, which included over 50 heads of state at the Capitol, and as you noted, over 30 million screenings, over 600 demonstrations, the rollout of our new strategic plan, the achievement of the Gold Standard accreditation from the Commission on Accreditation and Law Enforcement, the implementation of our new digital encrypted radio system, the creation of a field commander program, the implementation a new field training program for new officers, the completion of active shooter training for the entire department, a new hiring process for recruits which has resulted in over 20,000 applications over the last 3 years, the hiring of a labor relations specialist to maximize labor-management relations, the hiring of a new chief information officer, a new diversity officer, and a new communications director, and lastly, the implementation of a new communication practice to better communicate with you and the greater congressional community.    All of this has been a possibility because of your support and the excellent work by the women and men of the United States Capitol Police.    I would like to make special note that all of this was done while keeping the congressional community safe. And so I would like to thank the women and men of the USCP for their commitment to our mission and their unwavering dedication every day to ensuring the safety and security of our Members, staff, and many visitors who come to the Capitol to see our great democracy in action.    Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have at this time.    Chief Dine. Well, thank you, sir. That is a great question. I think the challenges we face are somewhat unique to this great organization. Police departments across the country face all types of challenges in terms of gaining the trust of the communities they serve, and that is no different here.    But as everyone here knows, we are essentially an antiterrorist organization. We face asymmetrical threats. We face a threat posture now that is much less clear than it has been in the past. As is publicly known, a lot of communication now is frankly in the dark, so we don't know what we don't know. We protect an open campus, it requires people paying attention, and it does require a lot of resources.    We are very much plugged into the intelligence community across the country at multiple levels in a number of task forces, and every single day we take the temperature of the threat posture. We also do that yearly as part of our own internal business process to see what type of budget we should build around these threats.    I think the challenges we face center around the fact that homegrown violent extremists are on the increase, the number of attacks over the years are on the increase. There have been 60 arrests of United States citizens since March of 2014 and August 2015. Since 9/11, there have been 144 terrorist plots; 85 percent of those have been since 2009.    Chief Dine. No, across the country. There have been 81 total arrests, ISIS-related arrests in the United States.    So we face all of those challenges and the day-to-day challenges of keeping everyone here safe in an orderly, open, free environment.    I will say, on a daily basis, and we are very proud of this, and this is also something other departments face also, we rarely make the news, the fact that every day we protect people's rights to be heard when they come here and express their first amendment rights. We manage those demonstrations with sophistication and communication and through teamwork, so you don't hear much about those.    It does require coordination and sophistication. As you know, we work very, very closely with the United States Secret Service, the United States Park Police, the FBI, the Metropolitan Police Department, pretty much all of the agencies in the National Capital Region, as well as departments around the country, when we engage in our dignitary protection efforts.    Chief Dine. Thank you.    Chief Dine. You did, and you were correct.    I think the first and third answer go together. It is a function of the threats we face, the timing of the threats, the timing of things that happened in Paris and San Bernardino, and also some longstanding issues within the Capitol complex, such as garage security, so that has been sort of----    Chief Dine. Well, the good news is at this time we do not have any current credible threat against the United States Capitol, although, as you know, there have been some. The challenge is we don't know what we don't know. Over the last four years we recovered 62 weapons, 60 tasers, 389 knives. Those are just some of the day-to-day police activities that our officers do either at checkpoints or traffic stops as they work to try to keep----    Chief Dine. We worked with the Capitol Police Board to identify three priorities.    One was prescreeners, which we believe helps keep the Capitol safe and within the perfect world would be the best way to deploy staff around the Capitol. Without getting into too much detail about our security, but people know we staff our posts. In the best possible world, we would have multiple prescreeners at multiple doors to see a threat coming and engage that threat outside. That was the first priority.    The second priority was garage screening, and the third priority was enhanced portal screening for the chambers. Those are done in conjunction with the Capitol Police Board and ultimately the Board's direction as we formulate those plans together.    We formulated a strategic approach to address all three of those priorities, hence the budget as it was crafted, and the challenge, as you noted, is those are new tasks which require officers.    We have made a creative attempt to better utilize our manpower, to see what functions we can civilianize, which is why the 48 civilians are requested to move officers from our Communications Division and our Command Center and some sworn from the Training Division and reassign them to other posts to be efficient and make the best use of our sworn personnel.    There have been creative efforts to try to do that and to take on these additional tasks.    Chief Dine. It is a brilliant question, and it faces every Chief in the country.    Chief Dine. Well, and I don't think there is a Chief that knows, generally speaking, what that perfect number is, and in my previous lives, I have had that same conversation. I think in some ways it is easier for us because of the functions that we face, which are quite often specific.    We have a number of posts that, for a number of reasons, we have to staff. Because of the fact we have so many fixed posts and assigned specific duties, it makes, for instance, training those officers more of a challenge than it would your traditional police department where you literally could take maybe half the officers offline and the public might not even realize that there are half of the officers working for a 2-week period or a tour of duty.    Chief Dine. No, the----    Chief Dine. Well, first of all, we will always do the best we can with the resources that you give us, and we appreciate those resources. We feel that Appropriations takes very good care of the department and the congressional community. That being said, this budget and the budgets that we craft are specifically crafted to meet the very specific and focused duties that we are being asked to do by the Capitol Police Board and our multiple stakeholders.    There are literally post-by-post reviews, and we scrub every assignment and we analyze every post. We want to have sufficient number of relief for those officers. We want to be able to have a response capability. In fact, we want to be able to have multiple response capabilities as we saw a couple of years ago when we had simultaneous disruptions in some hearings. We can't be equipped to only respond to one disruption. We need to be able to respond to multiple disruptions.    Chief Dine. Thank you for that question. Yes, sir, I am proud to say, because of the work of Mr. Braddock and his entire team, that system, the minute we turned it on has worked flawlessly. We are extremely proud of the way that system works. There is not a day that goes by as I am traveling around on the campus or in the city or in the region where I don't marvel at the effectiveness of that system.    Just the other day, we were in a tunnel and there were some accidents there. We stopped to deal with that. It works pretty much everywhere, but it is built to be continually improved and upgraded as necessary, as we need to put things online.    Thank you for your support for that system. And yes, it is working very, very well. We are very proud of it.    Chief Dine. Thank you, sir.    Chief Dine. Thank you.    Chief Dine. There are about 32.    Chief Dine. I believe so.    Chief Dine. Yes. We work very closely with many or most of them. We have interoperability with our radio system with many of them, and we do support each other. I think as time has passed, I was actually, as you may recall, with the DC Police Department during 9/11. After that, the departments, frankly, began to communicate better, and I think each of us also began to, it is sort of a double-edge answer, carve out our role and responsibilities.    Chief Dine. We do collaborate during our national security special events. There is great cooperation and teamwork among all the agencies. I think the challenge we face from a day-to-day perspective, those functions you just mentioned, those are daily tasks that we have to engage in at that time. There are layers----    Chief Dine. Right. Their role and responsibilities are different. Where our role and responsibilities are detecting both vehicle-borne explosives and personal-borne explosives, the Metropolitan Police Department deals with other issues. The challenges we face are separate and distinct in that regard, and I know that none of them have the ability to take on those functions for us.    In regard to the Department's overtime, as we often say at our budget hearings, we actually have more mission than we have people, which is why there is always some----    Chief Dine. Right.    When you were in the office last Friday, we were talking about the new magnetometers that were going to be placed in the Longworth Building and the personnel that would be needed for that, for passage from the Longworth garage. You indicated that you would need no new personnel to staff those magnetometers, you would arrange it, it would be budget neutral. Well, I see in this budget that you have requested 72 new officers.    So which is it? Is it budget neutral, no new staff, or 72 new officers? Is it budget neutral when you are requesting $5.7 million more? I don't think that those magnetometers and officers truly are budget neutral.    But I am just curious as to where this suggestion originated. Was it something that came out of law enforcement or was it something that came more out of staff in Congress, leadership staff? Who comes and says we need this in light of San Bernardino? I am getting a feeling that some of this pressure on you is not necessarily originated in law enforcement circles.    Chief Dine. Well, there are probably a couple of answers to that. As you know----    Chief Dine. It has been an identified vulnerability for a number of years, probably over 10 years. That being said, we work very closely with the Board, and as you know, each Board member--even though I am a member of the Board, I am a nonvoting member--each Board member has their own role and responsibilities for their constituents. And that was a priority of the House as well.    We work with the Board as a whole to craft--in addition to our own force development process, every year we go through our own internal process to identify threats and vulnerabilities to build our budget.    Chief Dine. I don't know that for a fact.    Chief Dine. I believe some Members have concealed carry permits.    Chief Dine. But as how they carry them or where they and when they carry them, I am not aware of it.    Chief Dine. They are allowed to have them in their offices. How they get them there would be a subject of questioning. They are allowed to have them in their offices.    Chief Dine. No, sir.    Chief Dine. That would be interesting information to have.    Chief Dine. They may in fact be comporting with the rules, and this is probably one place where the Sergeant at Arms--the role of the Sergeant at Arms does come into play since they are the direct liaison to the Members.    Chief Dine. That would be something that the Sergeant at Arms and Capitol Police would not want to have happen.    Chief Dine. Yes, ma'am. Ultimately, yes. The answer to that is long term, yes.    Chief Dine. I think the timing is a function of a couple things, what has happened recently across the country and as well as working with the Board. And as I mentioned----    Chief Dine. As we work with the Board in terms of our own internal force development process and threat assessment, we also work with the individual Board members and their desires, as really they are stakeholders. This initiative clearly was a desire on the part of the House Sergeant at Arms to move this forward as----    Chief Dine. Well, we work with the Capitol Police Board and the various Sergeant at Arms----    Chief Dine. Thank you all for your support.    Chief Dine. Right now it is, but long term, clearly it is not because we are taking on new tasks. Right now, in the short term, as the ranking member said, we are moving folks around and we are trying to make the best use of the resources we have to implement this as asked. Long term, obviously--    Chief Dine. No. We will long term, because we are taking on new tasks. We will, absolutely.