    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Secretary, just to get started on a series of questions, but the first one----    Mr. McKinley. First question, just a yes or no, if you could, before I get into a little bit more meat. With the NETL facility, now that the CRENEL Commission has made a recommendation that we go from a GOGO to a GOCO, do you support their final decision, or are you going to maintain it as Government-owned, Government-operated?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you. That gives some assurance to everyone. The earlier statement from Chairman Whitfield that he was concerned about the direction of the Department, DOE--and I share that, because I think that the focus has been trying to force the existing coal-fired powerplants to add carbon capture and storage as an after-market retrofit, even though virtually every nation on the globe has turned their backs on CCS. Yes, they will do it in research, but they are not going to force it like we are. So it seems that DOE is really hell-bent on pushing CCS. Even China and India, for example, they are not forcing CCS on their facilities, but rather, they are, as you know--I assume you know--they are building new high-efficiency coal-fired powerplants instead of CCS.    We recognize that energy efficiency is the best short-term solution to our emission controls, and CCS is a long-term solution to this. And the President has said, as recently as back in February, the carbon capture is just really expensive right now. So I don't understand why DOE continues to chase this rabbit, I think the wrong rabbit, of pushing CCS on our utilities when they should be encouraging high-efficiency facilities.    Now, just some quick examples. Our two most efficient powerplants in America--Turk in Arkansas and Longview in West Virginia; one an ultra-supercritical and the other one being just an advanced supercritical--they are built at half--at half--the cost of Kemper. So it just kind of makes me think about--it feels like DOE is trying to retrofit pushing in a $50,000 engine into an old car instead of just buying a new car. It is just simply we keep trying to make people retrofit, because you put up so many roadblocks, other people in the administration, in building new coal-fired powerplants.    So shouldn't the DOE switch its priorities? Or what would be the problem with switching its priorities so that we would be more focused on the high-efficiency, low-carbon-emitting, advanced supercritical and advanced supercritical plants across this country? Are we missing something? Why aren't we doing the one that is more immediate that we can get some success with?    Mr. McKinley. I just came back from China in October, and the NEA in China said they are not going to promote CCS. We had that very clear in our meetings with him. They said it is too expensive; they are not going to do it.    Mr. McKinley. Could we not be developing with fluidized bed combustion using calcium oxide as an additive in the formula? That is a very economical solution that other people are looking at. It is one with fluidized bed; you can use some pretty low-grade coal. That is one of the things that China said they were considering using it because they don't have the same quality coal that we have here in America. Now, I am running out of time on this.    Could I just make sure that I ask at the very end, could we get you to come to Longview and see the tremendous efficiency that is operating there without CCS, and how effective they have been able to do that at half the cost of a CCS facility? Would you be willing to go?    Mr. McKinley. Three and a half hours away.    Mr. McKinley. Yes, it is. Maybe when you and I get to NETL again----    Mr. McKinley. It is within a stone's throw of NETL facility that we could go to----    Mr. McKinley. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.    Mr. McKinley. I am told from the people there it is sort of a drop in the bucket. It is more window dressing than sincere. So you and I can have more of a conversation.