    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you and the ranking member for holding the hearing today, and I want to thank our witnesses for coming and testifying today. Specifically, I would like to acknowledge Dr. Ramanan Krishnamoorti, the Chief Energy Officer at the University of Houston. Being a graduate of University of Houston College of Business and going back there to law school, I can't say too many nice things about it because it gave me the education I have. And what Dr. Krishnamoorti and his colleagues are doing in the energy field are amazing. I stated before; we can't say it enough. Texas is leading the Nation producing results. This time it is our energy workforce development. Thanks to the University of Houston, San Jacinto Community College, ExxonMobil, and other stakeholders, Houston is launching a pad for efforts like these contained in this legislation today. The University of Houston partnered with the Energy Institute High School to engage high school students and get them interested in working in the energy field. The Texas Gulf Coast Community College Consortium is addressing the workforce need of our industries. The Community College Petrochemical Initiative is a public/private partnership that is unique to the industry. Through programs like the University of Houston Partner, the TGCCCC and CPI, industry job opportunities become realities.    I look forward to working with my colleagues on this legislation to ensure that success that we have in East Harris County where I represent the refineries and chemical plants continues and is duplicated nationwide. And I yield back my time. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank our panel again. In fact, Ms. Brundage, our Natural Gas Caucus a couple of years ago had a hearing in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, at the facility there, talked about it. And coming from Houston, I was surprised to see the technology in the middle of Pennsylvania that we are actually doing at the University of Houston in East Harris County, our community college. So thank you.    Mr. Green. Yes, great facility.    Mr. Green. Dr. Krishnamoorti, as I stated earlier, I feel like Texas and Pennsylvania are doing a lot of things in the energy industry, but what steps has the University of Houston taken to create the outreach and provide access to the different communities to provide information about energy jobs? I have the College of Engineering in our district, and our district is 70 percent Hispanic, Mexican American. You have to reach out to those high schools in those communities there to provide that training.    Mr. Green. I only have a few seconds left. Can you tell us how can this bill and the Department of Energy further the goals of the universities and the colleges and community colleges that are already engaged in these projects? Is there anything we could do that would make this bill better?    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.