    Mr. Buyer. I would say that is----    General Chiarelli. I would add contracting. I would add contracting to that.    The whole contracting issue on these TRICARE contracts are 5 years in duration. And then you add another 3 while you go through the protest period. So we end up 8 years behind. They are very hard to modify.    So when new medical breakthroughs take place they are not just automatically integrated into TRICARE. You got to wait until the next contracting cycle to get them in. So you are receiving medical care that is 8 years in arrears.    We sent people to the National Intrepid Center of Excellence for traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress. They got a care plan put together and then they go to their post camp station. Some of it has to be done on the TRICARE network, and TRICARE refuses to pay for it.    Admiral Giambastiani. I would also say----    Admiral Giambastiani. I would also add that what is important about these contracts I have said to you and the full committee that I personally believe and I think our Commission believes that TRICARE is in a death spiral.    Another way of describing how each cycle of contracts when we are looking for money, we restrict some of the procedures a little bit, eliminate a procedure. We reduce the number of zones. We try to make all of these marginal changes to try to capture every dollar. We go below Medicare rates, which is part of what Commissioner Buyer was just showing you.    And the bottom line is that service continues to get less and less. It drives down that access and choice and the providers who are present. And this is why I call it a death spiral. It has continued since inception to move in this direction.    Admiral Giambastiani. The intent is to incentivize in the plan, because the MTF will be one of the providers, is to incentivize the use of the MTF to draw the patients there.    Admiral Giambastiani. If I could----    Admiral Giambastiani. Yes. Let me try to take this. First of all, if you look at this panel, I am guesstimating that we have something like 140 years of military experience up here.    Admiral Giambastiani. Yes. There are many of us who have some age.    We are all geezers. And let me just say that we have spent a lot of time trying to make sure we are taking care of the troops because of the pain that we have gone through in seeing how these systems either work, don't work, or continually get degraded, which is why we came to where we are.    So let me just quickly encapsulate one. If you are retired and you are a Medicare-Social Security eligible person, I am, you are. Pete isn't there yet or you are close?    General Chiarelli. One month.    Admiral Giambastiani. One month. Okay. If you are in that case you will continue to serve with TRICARE for Life and Medicare. None of that changes from today for a retiree who gets to that.    The area that the chairman already talked about, the working age retiree, you retire, you are not Medicare or Social Security eligible as yet. You are going to have a co-pay that goes up. And you are going to go into a series of health care plans that are a separate risk pool just for military.    This is not the Federal program that we are just jumping into. This is separate for our folks to protect them. But the big thing is the military treatment facilities are in that program.    Then for Active Duty we still use the military treatment facilities and all of the military medical care for the Active Duty personnel. No differences.    What is different now is that we have TRICARE Choice for dependents, folks who can't get to a military treatment facility, for example, like a recruiter, people out in the hinterland, who are out doing the work for our military today. They are in that same type of program, if you will, that our retirees are in, except that we give them a basic allowance for health care to defer the costs of the premiums and the co-pays and the rest of it.    That is as simple as I can make this system for you. It is a change. But we think it will significantly improve access, choice, and frankly the quality of the system.    Admiral Giambastiani. If they opt in.    Admiral Giambastiani. If I could add, I think the noise and misinformation, the gargoyles, whatever you would like to call it, that is what will muck this system up.    Frankly, everything we know based on surveys and response we get when you ask people about these systems, they would prefer to go with this newer system. There is no doubt. I think it is going to be noise and misinformation, frankly that will cause it not to be accepted.    Mr. Buyer. Mrs. Davis? For me as we were putting this together, early on when we talked about doing a match on a TSP we heard from the Chiefs. And the Navy and the Air Force were very anxious.    They were very nervous because they didn't want to create an off-ramp whereby the amount of money invested in the particular MOS's, whether it is a nuclear to pilots to technicians. You know if you do this they will--we have invested so much they will just off-ramp and go into the private sector.    And so this feature, this is an attractive retention feature that also we talk about what are some of the principles of your thinking and the methodology. It is flexibility and choice.    And this is a tremendous value. And it really--when somebody hits that 12-year mark they got some really fascinating decisions they get to make that they don't get to make today.    Admiral Giambastiani. I think if I could add also on this continuation pay. What is important is that we are trying to give the services and the Department of Defense--what we have recommended to Congress is to give them an opportunity, as you have heard from Mr. Higgins, to adjust the multiple.    But as a minimum it has got to be 2\1/2\ months of basic pay. It can go up or down depending on that grade military occupational specialty and the rest.    Number two, they could move it from 12 years to 13 years is what we are also suggesting. But our modeling shows that at the 12-year point right now that is the best thing.    Number three, just to make sure we are all clear, they can take this as a lump sum immediately and do whatever they want with it. Which is--and the modeling shows that this will help. That is why we call it continuation pay.    Mr. Buyer. Powerful retention incentive.    Admiral Giambastiani. Yes. It is very powerful. And it keeps the force profile where the services want to have it today.    Admiral Giambastiani. I think part of the answer that Commissioner Higgins has given to you is from our verbal engagement with individuals, base visits, town halls, those types of things. As opposed to specifically in the survey.    In other words, you didn't prefer--you prefer the current retirement system why? I don't believe we asked that specific question on why do you prefer this over that. We just asked if you were--afforded these systems what would you opt for?    Admiral Giambastiani. I think that is why this financial training that we are absolutely adamant on is such an important component of this.    You have heard us say it many times. You understand this from your experience. But when you are dealing with these young people you just have to keep working on it. And you got to do it in a smart and coherent fashion for them.    Admiral Giambastiani. Well, I wouldn't----    Admiral Giambastiani. Yes.    Admiral Giambastiani. No, it is part of our charge.    Admiral Giambastiani. I would like to echo that and just suggest one thing. In individual discussions with a number of members there are concerns about this creating another four-star command.    I would like to remind you of something just for a moment because everybody is worried about grade creep. And yes, you have two retired four-stars sitting here.    But what is important to remember about this is this was the toughest recommendation we came to as a Commission. We debated this ad infinitum, frankly, for about a year on how to best help solve the combat medical readiness issue and to keep oversight.    It is not just a four-star command, but it is also on the Joint Staff the creation of a doctor who is not submerged underneath some other division head, who is in fact reporting directly to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs on medical. So it is a combination.    I just want to remind you of one thing to think about. Today the United States Government has about 2.1 million civil servants. We have 8,000 SES's. That ratio comes out to be about 38 Senior Executive Service civilians for every 10,000 Federal employees.    In the United States military we have about 1.36 million Active Duty. We have 994 flag and general officers. That ratio is a tad under 7. So you have got 38 Senior Executive Service for every 10,000 Federal employees. And we have just under 7 for every 10,000.    My comment to you is if you are really worried about grade creep, I am not suggesting going after the civilian corps. I am just telling you, give me a break here. I think we are making a mistake.    Admiral Giambastiani. We are not doing away with TRICARE in its entirety. Remember, you are going to still have TRICARE for Life. And so you are going to need a much smaller administrative staff.    So that frankly very large TRICARE and Defense Health Agency, that is part of where the savings come from because there are significant reductions there. That is what happens to them.    We can give you more detail for the record on this.    