    Mr. Payne. Thank you. Good morning. I am pleased to join my good friend, Chairman Donovan, today in Staten Island to learn how the New York-New Jersey region has built itself better and stronger in the nearly 4 years following Superstorm Sandy.    But before I begin, I want to acknowledge the circumstances we find ourselves in today. Last week, National tragedies filled the headlines. My heart is heavy for the families of those who were killed in Baton Rouge, Falcon Heights, and Dallas. Although these tragedies happened far away from here, our communities are not immune from this kind of heartbreak. I hope that when we return to Washington this week, with only 5 legislative days remaining before a 7-week recess, the House will do something meaningful about law enforcement's relationship with diverse communities. I hope it will do something about the irrational access to military-style firearms that killed 5 brave police officers Thursday night, which has always been my concern of these weapons being available.    Our country can do better than this.    Turning the focus to today's field hearing, nearly 4 years ago Superstorm Sandy pummeled this region, destroying homes and communities and causing tens of billions of dollars in damage. Our region is not accustomed to responding to and recovering from storms of this magnitude, and our population density, coupled with significant infrastructure damage, certainly complicated the process.    I am proud of the hard work and compassion demonstrated by our local emergency responders in the days and weeks following the storm. I wish I could say the same for the government of my home State of New Jersey. In the years that followed the disaster, allegations surfaced that the Governor has played politics with disaster relief money, and to this day people complain that the State has been slow to distribute funds to those who need it.    As of April, approximately $1 billion in Federal funds has yet to be obligated. In the wake of the storm, people in low-income communities were hit hardest and ultimately struggled most to find affordable housing in the months that followed. These recovery challenges were exacerbated by the fact that many in low-income populations were not in a position to advocate for themselves to access the resources necessary to recover and become more resilient.    Today we are in the midst of hurricane season, and I am wondering what would be different if a storm like Sandy hit us today. Does the Federal Government have better measures in place to ensure that State governments administer programs supported by Federal dollars quickly and efficiently and not play politics with disaster relief? Are low-income communities as able to incorporate hazard mitigation and resilience activities into the disaster recovery efforts as more affluent communities are? If not, what are we doing about it?    Finally, what have we learned about how to best leverage the capabilities of charities and non-profit organizations in disaster response?    I look forward to the witnesses' testimony today and thoughts on what Congress can do to help make communities more resilient.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Payne. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am just kind-of piggybacking on what the Chairman's questions were. Mr. Byrne and Ms. McFadden, that process for individuals applying for assistance after a disaster is fairly complicated. It is really a paperwork nightmare, chock-full of different eligibility criteria and document requirements and often requires trips to various offices.    What efforts are underway to simplify this process for disaster survivors after this experience with Superstorm Sandy?    Mr. Payne. Yes, because you would think in a disaster such as this, flooding or a hurricane, that there is accessibility to some of the documentation that you are going to require was probably lost in the disaster. So it kind-of exacerbates the expediting of this help.    Ms. McFadden.    Mr. Payne. My next question kind-of piggybacks on that. With the funding going to the State and local governments, many have called into question New Jersey's ability to effectively carry out disaster recovery programs following Superstorm Sandy. In light of allegations that the Christie administration played politics with the disaster relief money and dragged their feet on distributing funds to those who needed it most, how does FEMA and HUD oversee administration of State and Federal disaster funds and ensure that the investments are not politically motivated? How can you help ensure that the funds are spent efficiently and go to where they are needed?    Mr. Payne. I would hope that there could be a mechanism that determines, based on past experience and criteria, that the State is moving, that you see efforts for them moving forward, as opposed to not dragging their feet with these funds. You would know best whether they are trying to work in a timely manner or not, and then suggest to them that they move forward in a more expeditious manner. So hopefully that can be something that is incorporated into the milestones that they need to meet.    With that, Chairman, I will yield back.    Mr. Payne. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Just to comment quickly on Ms. Moravick's testimony, that you had the foresight 3 days in advance to start getting ready should be considered a best practice, and we should learn that the storm potentially has the possibility to turn our way and wreak devastation.    Mr. Gair, tell us how you really feel.    Mr. Payne. We learned a great deal from your testimony there, and I appreciate it.    But let me ask Ms. Higgs and Mr. Ignizio, each of you shared important information on how charities and non-profit organizations can assist in disaster response and recovery efforts. Can you talk about how State and local emergency responders coordinate with your organizations?    Mr. Payne. So basically to hold the fort until we show up, the Federal Government.    Mr. Payne. Ms. Higgs.    Mr. Payne. OK. Well, let me know how that is moving along in terms of Essex County.    Mr. Payne. Being the composition of my district, as I mentioned in my opening statement, I am really concerned about what we are doing to address the unique impact of disasters on low-income communities that normally have the most difficult time in these emergencies. Can you talk about what resources are available for low-income communities affected by disaster, and what we can do to make them more prepared and resilient?    Mr. Payne. OK. Ms. Higgs.    Mr. Payne. Yes, I appreciate that. The churches in Newark really played a pivotal part.    Mr. Payne. Even serving 10,000 to 15,000 meals a day during that time.    But with that, Mr. Chairman, I will yield back.    Mr. Payne. I resemble that remark.    Mr. Payne. Ms. Higgs, would the CDBG-DR funds be something that you could use?