    Mr. Bishop. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and I thank the panel for your insight today. I wanted to give you a chance to review some of the recent reports highlighting the problem of Chinese companies using stolen images and deceptive advertising to lure American consumers into buying poor quality apparel direct from the Chinese manufacturers.    And that said, Mr. Chair, I'd like to ask unanimous consent to be able to submit this document which depicts blatant pictorial examples of Chinese advertising----    Mr. Bishop . Using stolen images.    Mr. Bishop. These images are so blatant and lawless, there is no incorporation of any Confucius laws of anything, especially ethics or fairness.    American companies are increasingly discovering that their copyright images are being used in advertisements on sites like Google and Facebook, are preying upon Americans and the American consumers. When the customer receives the item, they look nothing like the picture they saw online in the advertisement. The clothing items are typically made of inferior material. They are constructed cheaply. They arrive in sizes that oftentimes are nowhere near and probably just big enough to fit a child.    Consumers--we all know that customer service as well is nonexistent, and the American buyer has no option whatsoever for returning the product or getting a refund. These false and misleading advertisements using stolen images result in consumers receiving merchandise far below the quality they're expecting and threaten the competitiveness and sustainability of American clothing companies, which we all know are in great jeopardy right now anyway trying to compete.    So I would like to, if I could, refer this question to Commissioner Ohlhausen and Mr. Cohen, and I just would like to know what steps you're taking to eliminate this practice by Chinese companies in order to protect American consumers and to protect the intellectual property of American companies and prevent this kind of activity by Chinese companies in the future.    Mr. Bishop. Thank you very much for your answer.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.