    Mrs. NOEM. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. One of the tenets of the American dream is that no matter what your circumstances are, if you work hard here in America, that you can succeed. In South Dakota, we have a very strong work ethic and many are willing to put in long, hard hours to make life better for their families. It is those values that I try to instill in my own children, and I follow when I am serving the people of South Dakota here in Congress.    But, unfortunately, the Federal Government doesn't always operate that way. Instead of encouraging work and taking home higher pay, the programs can create disincentives to work, and we have heard some of that testimony by all of here today. It might not always make sense economically for a family to work more hours or at higher wages in the current system that we have today with a lot of our programs.    So, Ms. Netus, I wanted to ask you specifically, setting aside the work disincentive effects of these programs, does the shear complexity behind multiple benefit programs and tax programs help or hurt families? Does it promote work and self-sufficiency?    Mrs. NOEM. So would it help to streamline the programs in a manner that wouldn't be so complex to help them utilize it in a manner better to allow them to work and potentially have a transitional program?    Mrs. NOEM. Do you feel that most people need assistance from an organization like yours in order to navigate the programs that are currently available?    Mrs. NOEM. Well, Ms. McCorkle, I wanted to ask you that. Do the agencies providing you benefits give you clear information about what happens if you work and if you earn more money? Have you ever discussed with live people that are a part of these agencies and departments what the consequences are? Did you need an organization like Ms. Netus is a part of in order to have that kind of clarification?    Mrs. NOEM. Okay. I appreciate that testimony. That is very helpful.    Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.