    Mr. Palmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Rhoades, I believe you used to work alongside former acting head Ken ----    Mr. Palmer. Kasprisin, thank you very much, at Minneapolis-Saint Paul. Mr. Kasprisin has stated before that thousands of airport workers who are only subject to random threats are the single-greatest threat to aviation security. Now, TSA employees are regularly rooted out for being caught rummaging through baggage or for inappropriate behavior, which obviously it is good that we are catching them. But my concern is by the repeated reports that there are only three U.S. airports that currently require employee security checks--Atlanta, Miami, and Orlando--and in Atlanta they had a major gun-running operation busted in 2014. Additionally, we have reports that there are some 73 employees at about 40 airports who potentially have terrorist ties.    At some point is the TSA causing more insecurity than it solves? I mean, frankly, as a very frequent traveler, it gives some concern that the screening process may identify potential terrorists, yet they continue to work there.    Mr. Palmer. Well ----    Mr. Rhoades.--in that, but I can say that's not our specific focus.    Mr. Palmer. Let me put it this way. Obviously, we're talking about just some basic screening, right?    Mr. Palmer. Okay. Every staff member that works here goes through screening to get into an office here. And in terms of, you know, being able to do their job, if you know you have to go through a screening process, you show up early.    Mr. Palmer. Is that unreasonable?    Mr. Palmer. Well, just think about it for a moment that if we know there is--the TSA thinks there is 73 potential employees potentially with terrorist ties, that is who they have identified, that there might be potentially others, and that we are not screening them. It doesn't give you a high comfort level.    Mr. Palmer. Mr. Brainard, I would like to follow up on Mr. Duncan's questions regarding wasteful spending in which you all described expenditures such as $330,000 spent on an absentee regional director in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, a $12 million project that was over budget by three times its original amount. And I could almost ask for a hearing just on project overruns. Three hundred and thirty-six thousand on an app that you, Mr. Brainard, described as being as effective as an Ouija Board in accomplishing its task. I am sure the more we continue to hear from other employees at different airports, we are going to continue to hear similar stories to that effect.    You might be aware that last April, the TSA Aviation Security Advisory Committee released a report concluding that they could not afford full employee screening and that it would not reduce the risk of overall public safety despite numerous voices from inside the TSA speaking out to warn of insider threats. Do you believe this illustrates where their priorities lie when you look at this other spending.    Mr. Palmer. Well, and that just brings me back to the point I was trying to make with Mr. Rhoades, that you are spending all this money and we know that not every TSA employee is up to standard. I mean, potentially, 73 may have terrorist ties. But we are spending all this money and we are not investing in the security apparatus that we need to make sure, absolutely, positively certain that we have the very best people on the job and that we are protecting our airports.    I saw you shaking your head, Dr. Livingston. I presume you may have a comment.    Mr. Palmer. Well, actually, I am from Hackleburg, Alabama, and I lived in Hoover. And by the way, today is the 5-year anniversary of the tornados that went through Alabama with such devastating impact.    Mr. Palmer. I thank the chairman. I yield back.