    Mr. Palmer. Well, I am the guy you have been waiting on, the last one.    Mr. Neffenger, how many different assistant administrators have led the Office of Intelligence and Analysis since TSA was created?    Mr. Palmer. It is 11. And I ask that because it concerns me that that office would suffer from that rate of turnover. Would you agree with that?    Mr. Palmer. Well, particularly, the office that is responsible for your intelligence and analysis. Have you looked into that?    Mr. Palmer. And that is Mr. Bush?    Mr. Palmer. Are you aware of any significant security violations committed by OIA officials?    Mr. Palmer. I am asking if you are aware of any security violations committed by OIA officials.    Mr. Palmer. So that answer would be yes?    Mr. Palmer. Do you believe OIA should abide by the professional standards of the intelligence community in handling classified information?    Mr. Palmer. Wasn't that what the issue was?    Mr. Palmer. Classified information?    Mr. Palmer. Well, then what were the circumstances related to the departure of the former assistant administrator Stephen Sadler?    Mr. Palmer. Well, there were multiple security violations that took place under his leadership.    What percentage of TSA's intelligence and appropriation is used for vetting, and what percentage is used for traditional intelligence?    Mr. Palmer. Well, one of the--I am going to transition a little bit here. One of the things that I am concerned about is in our last hearing there were repeated reports that there are only three U.S. airports that currently require employee security checks. Are you aware of that?    Mr. Palmer. I am not talking about that.    Mr. Neffenger.--that gives them access.    Mr. Palmer. I am talking about requiring them to go through the same kind of security that, say, a staff member ----    Mr. Palmer. As they are coming into the property ----    Mr. Palmer. I apologize.    Mr. Palmer. Well, but that gets back to my concern. Every member of my staff, every member of--any Member of Congress's staff has to go through screening process. Their bags are screened. They have to take metal objects out of their pockets. They all have badges, okay? And that is part of my concern is that out of the thousands of people who work for TSA, does it not create any concern? I mean, it was reported that there were a number of TSA employees who had some tie to terrorist groups, and it just seems to me that they ought to go through the same screening process that ----    Mr. Palmer. I am not ----    Mr. Neffenger.--they'd be gone.    Mr. Palmer. Well, I am just telling you that in our last hearing ----    Mr. Palmer. We are not talking about the same thing.    Mr. Palmer. We are not talking about the same thing. I mean, it is also been reported that there are thousands of the badges that have been lost or stolen, let me say, that haven't been accounted for. My question is when they report for work, do they have to put their bag on a conveyor to go through a machine to see what is in the bag? And do they go through ----    Mr. Palmer. Well, then my contention is is that it ought to be all locations.    I yield back.