    Mr. Marino. Good afternoon. I want to thank you for being here, and the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair's authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    We welcome everyone to today's hearing on H.R. 348, the ``Responsibly And Professionally Invigorating Development Act of 2015,'' also known as the ``RAPID Act,'' H.R. 712, the ``Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act of 2015,'' and H.R. 1155, the ``Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome (SCRUB) Act of 2015.''    I will recognize myself for my opening statement. The American historical record has always been, ``the worse the recession, the stronger the recovery.'' Regrettably for many Americans I think we can all agree the recovery from the recession has been anything but strong. According to the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis in the 10 previous recessions since the depression, the economy recovered all jobs lost during the recession after an average of 25 months from the prior jobs peek.    Under the current Administration however, it took until June 2014, 78 months after the prior jobs peek or 6 and a half years later for even The New York Times to claim we had recovered all of the recession's job losses. Besides losing paychecks, many of Americans have lost the dignity and satisfaction that comes from earning a living and supporting a family with a full time job. No government benefit can compensate a person for that.    Americans are ready to work. Employers are eager to create jobs, if only the government could just get out of the way. As we will hear from the witnesses today the job opportunities are here on U.S. soil. A study of proposed projects in just one sector of the economy, the energy sector found that if a modest number of these projects were allowed to go forward and break ground and the direct and indirect economic benefits would be tremendous. It identified 351 projects if approved to generate $1.1 trillion and create 1.9 million jobs annually.    The U.S. Chamber of Commerce's study, Project No Project, looked at the potential economic impact of permitting challenges faced by U.S. companies attempting to propose new energy projects. For example, Penn-Mar Ethanol attempted to construct an ethanol reducing plant in Conoy Township Pennsylvania, but neighboring Hellam Township sent a letter to--excuse me, Conoy Township's board of supervisors objecting to the ethanol plan. Hellam Townships objections included environmental risks to the surrounding area and a risk of causing the beautiful area surrounding the Susquehanna River to become an undesirable site. Is that when we mean when we talk about negative environmental impact and obstructed scenic view? Certainly job creators can't be effective in creating jobs until such an over expansive extreme regime.    After hearing about the numerous projects currently awaiting approval, many of us might be asking ourselves if the workers are here, and the jobs are here, then what's keeping workers idle? Well, I will tell you, it is our outdated, burdensome, convoluted, Federal permitting process that has become a hotbed for the environmental extremists looking to hold up infrastructure of building and growth that our country so desperately needs.    Today there is no limit to the objections various agencies can raise. Environmental reviews not uncommonly take up to a decade or more holding jobs hostage in the process. Antigrowth, antipermitting advocates meanwhile can lie in the weeds for another 6 years once a permit is finally granted, before ambushing good faith project developers with dilatory job and project killing litigation.    Instead of empowering businesses to be the engine of our economy, we instead tie them up with thousands of pages of decisions in interminable administrative and litigation delays. This is incomprehensible to anyone but a specialist, a costly legal team or a so-called advocacy group that seeks to kill economic activity and the jobs in growth for hardworking Americans that come with it.    I introduced the RAPID Act to right the ship, restore balance and impose sanity on our Federal permitting system. My esteemed colleague Mr. Collins from Georgia and Mr. Smith from Missouri similarly introduced the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act and the SCRUB Act to achieve the same thing in litigation that seeks to force new regulations in an effort to clear from the code of Federal regulations overburdensome regulations we no longer need.    The key to these reforms is balance, and each of these reforms has that. My RAPID Act strikes the right balance between conservation, and deployment, and development.    The Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlement Act strikes the right balance between respect for plaintiffs and defendant's right and regulatory litigation in fairness to regulate entities in State coregulators that must bear the burden of living under and implementing new regulations.    And the SCRUB Act strikes the right balance between keeping regulations we still need in scrubbing from the books regulations that are unnecessary obstacles to jobs and growth. I thank our witnesses for attending and sharing their valuable expertise with us and look forward to their testimony.    It is my pleasure now to recognize the gentleman from Georgia, the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, Congressman Johnson.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Johnson.    It is now my pleasure to recognize the Chairman of the full Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from Virginia, Chairman Bob Goodlatte.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman.    It is new my pleasure to recognize the Judiciary Committee Ranking Member, Mr. Conyers of Michigan for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Conyers.    Without objection, other Members opening statements will be made part of the record.    We have a very distinguished panel before us today.    And I will begin by swearing in our witnesses before introducing them.    If you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you swear that the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?    Please let the record reflect that all the witnesses have responded in the affirmative, and you may be seated, gentlemen.    Our first witness is Mr. William Kovacs. Mr. Kovacs provides the overall direction, strategy and management for the environment, technology and regulatory affairs division as senior vice president of the division at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. Since he joined the Chamber in March 1998, Mr. Kovacs has transformed a small division, concentrated on a handful of issues in Committee meetings into one of most significant in the organization. His division initiates and leads campaign issue campaigns on energy, legislation, complex environmental rulemaking, telecommunications reform, emerging technologies and applying sound science to the Federal regulatory process.    Mr. Kovacs previously served as chief counsel and staff director for the House Subcommittee on Transportation and Commerce. He earned his J.D. from the Ohio State University College of Law and a Bachelor's degree of science degree from the University of Scranton magna cum laude.    Welcome, sir.    Mr. Marino. Sir, I'm going to introduce everybody and then we will come back, do it that way.    Our second witness is Mr. Sam Batkins. Mr. Batkins is director of regulatory policy at the American Action Forum. Mr. Batkins research focuses on the rulemaking efforts of administrative agencies and related efforts of Congress. His work has appeared in The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, the Hill, National Review Online, Reuters, the Washington Post among other publications.    Prior to joining the Forum, Mr. Batkins worked at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Institute for Legal Reform and National Taxpayers Union. At the U.S. Chamber he focused on lawsuit abuse, tort reform and Federal regulations. At the National Taxpayers Union he focused on State and Federal spending. Mr. Batkins received his B.A. in political science summa cum laude from Sewanee, University of the South. He received his J.D. from Catholic University of America, Columbus School of Law. Welcome, sir.    Our next witness is Dr. Patrick McLaughlin. Am I pronouncing that correctly?    Mr. Marino. Dr. McLaughlin is senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center for George Mason University. His research focuses on regulation and the regulatory process with additional interest in environmental economics, international trade, industrial organization, and transportation economics. And his research is regularly published.    Prior to joining Mercatus, Dr. McLaughlin served as a senior economist at the Federal railway administration in the United States Department of Transportation. Dr. McLaughlin has published in the fields of law and economics, public choice environmental economics and international trade. He owns a Ph.D. in economics from Clemson University, and welcome to you, sir.    And our final witness is Mr. Amit Narang.    Mr. Marino. Good. Mr. Narang is the regulatory policy advocate for Public Citizen and specializes on issues related to the Federal regulatory process. Prior to working for Public Citizen, Mr. Narang worked at the Administrative Law Review as an articles editor.    Mr. Narang has many media appearances, including quotes in The New York Times and Bloomberg BNA, formerly the Bureau of National Affairs, Mr. Narang is a graduate of the American University, Washington College of Law. And thank you, sir.    Each of the witnesses' testimonies or written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. I ask that each witness summarize his testimony in 5 minutes or less. And to help you stay within that time, there is a timing light in front of you. The light will switch from green to yellow, indicating that you 1 minute to conclude your testimony.    And when the light turns red it indicates that your 5 minutes have expired. And if you go over that a little bit, that's not a real problem, I'll just tap to give you an indication that perhaps you could wrap up for us.    With that, I'm going to call on Mr. Kovacs for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Marino. Mr. Batkins.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Marino. Dr. McLaughlin.  TESTIMONY OF PATRICK A. McLAUGHLIN, Ph.D., SENIOR RESEARCH     Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Mr. Marino. And sir, again I want to be sure I'm pronouncing you name correctly, is it Narang.    Mr. Marino. Narang.    Mr. Marino. Narang, okay. Mr. Narang, would you please give your opening statement.    And I apologize.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    Mr. Marino. One of my colleagues, Mr. Collins, must get to another hearing.    Mr. Marino. So I am going to recognize Mr. Collins for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Marino. Without objection.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee, Congressman Johnson.    Mr. Marino. Without objection.    Mr. Marino. Gentleman's time is expired.    The Chair now recognizes the Congressman from Michigan, Congressman Trott.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the full Committee, the gentleman from Michigan, Congressman Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Ratcliffe.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    I'm going to ask that Mr. Conyers make a statement at this point.    Mr. Marino. Or introduce someone, I think.    Mr. Marino. You are welcome.    Now the Chair recognizes the newest Member, Mr. Peters from California, who is under no pressure to perform now since he got those glowing remarks from Mr. Conyers.    Mr. Marino. Thank you.    I'm now going to recognize myself for 5 minutes of questioning, and first of all I would like to enter into the record an article dated Tuesday, January 18, 2011, in the Wall Street Journal states that ``President Obama announced that he will be signing an executive order to review regulations with an eye toward getting rid of unneeded regulations and making existing regulations less intrusive and more flexible,'' and he goes on to say that the costs will be a factor that's considered in this as well as environmental issues and seeing that we can get regulation in permits submitted much sooner than we're doing at this point.    Mr. Marino. So with that, Mr. Kovacs, if there are true environmental problems with a project, with a given project, will the RAPID Act prevent Federal officials from assuring that those problems are dealt with before a permit is granted?    Mr. Marino. Some have suggested, again, Mr. Kovacs, that the RAPID Act would gut NEPA. Would it or would it not?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Dr. McLaughlin, Mr. Narang made an assertion that arguments linking regulations to job losses and depress economic growth are pure fiction. Would you like to respond to that?    Mr. Marino. Again, Mr. McLaughlin, the SCRUB Act also authorizes the Retrospective Regulatory Reform Commission to recommend to Congress whether statutory authority to promulgate regulation should be repealed.    Why is that feature of the bill important?    Mr. Marino. Yeah. The SCRUB Act also authorizes the Retrospective Regulatory Review Commission to recommend to Congress whether statutory authority to promulgate regulations should be repealed.    Why is that feature of the bill important?    Mr. Marino. Okay. Mr. Narang, again, is that correct?    Am I pronouncing your name correct? I apologize. I've been trying to get this straight for a couple minutes.    Mr. Marino. But do you agree with me that the RAPID Act does not tell any agency how to go through the permitting process and how to do their evaluations?    Mr. Marino. But do you know the argument and the climate change issue has been going on for years and years, and it's apparent that each side can bring in all kinds of witnesses to counter the other side, but don't you think that 15 years is way too long for the Federal Government and other governments to determine whether a permit should be issued?    Mr. Marino. And I see that, you know, my time has expired.    And I want to thank everybody for being here today. I know we're going to vote. I don't think it's going to be in the next couple of minutes, but it's closely coming.    This concludes today's hearing, and thanks to all of our witnesses for attending, and without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    And the hearing is adjourned, and thank you.    