    Chairman CHABOT. Good morning. The Committee will come to order. I want to thank all the witnesses for being here and we will get to you very shortly.    Last week, our country recognized National Small Business Week, a time when small businesses and entrepreneurs are celebrated for the tremendous impact they have on every community all across America. Setting aside a week to highlight the importance of small businesses services is a reminder as to how crucial they are to our national prosperity and economic security. Here at the Small Business Committee we are reminded of this every day.    It is often said that when small businesses succeed, America succeeds. At the very heart of small businesses, what allows them to succeed, are the people, the men and women of this country who set out with an idea and the desire to turn that idea into a reality. It is this enduring spirit of American innovation that continues to breathe life into our economy and create the jobs no government program can.    Today, the Committee is excited to have before it what is truly an expert panel. Our witnesses today are prominent and passionate voices in the small business community all across America. Each of our witnesses have taken the lessons learned from building their own businesses and provide guidance to small business owners and aspiring entrepreneurs. The difference between a good idea and a good business is execution, and who do America's small businesses turn to for help developing and executing a business plan? They turn to J.J. Ramberg, to Ramon Ray, to Susan Solovic.    Chairman CHABOT. I apologize. They pronounce it correctly and they turn to her, and to Melinda Emerson, and today, so do we.    Through their work, our witnesses have helped to inspire and shape countless small businesses all across America. They have their fingers on the small business pulse and can offer unique perspectives as to the challenges small business owners face every day. This Committee is eager to hear more about the great work our witnesses are doing to help small businesses and grow the conversation of small business success stories.    I would like to thank all of the witnesses for coming here today. We will stop talking soon and turn to you all, and we will listen, but at this point I would like to yield to our ranking member, Ms. Velazquez, for her opening remarks.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady yields back.    Now, before I introduce the panel, no more speeches, but I would like to just kind of inform you all about our lighting system. You all have probably been informed that you have 5 minutes each to testify. The lights there will help you to stay within that if at all possible. The green light will be on for 4 minutes. The yellow light comes on to let you know you have about a minute to wrap up, and the red light comes on and we ask that you try to stay within that if at all possible. We will give you a little flexibility, but not a whole lot, so try to stay within it. I do have a gavel up here.    We would now like to introduce our very distinguished panel. We are pleased, as I said, to have a really fantastic group of folks here. First, we have Ms. J.J. Ramberg. Ms. Ramberg is the host of Your Business, a program on MSNBC that is dedicated to issues affecting small business owners, as well as the author of the best-selling book, It Is Your Business. She is also an entrepreneur herself, cofounding Goodshop, an online platform that has forged a connection between retail savings and nonprofit and school fund-raising. We welcome you here this morning.    Our second witness will be Ramon Ray. Mr. Ray is an entrepreneur, keynote speaker, author, journalist, and publisher of Smart Hustle Magazine. This magazine is dedicated to telling the journey of entrepreneurs and small businesses. Mr. Ray's specialty is in working with small businesses to help them grow by better utilizing technology and marketing. Mr. Ray has traveled the Nation speaking at and hosting events designed to help small business owners and entrepreneurs grow their business.    Our third witness today is Ms. Susan Solovic. Ms. Solovic is an entrepreneur, best-selling author, media personality, speaker, and she is known as ``the'' small business expert. No offense to the other witnesses here today. Ms. Solovic has served on the National Women's Business Council, and is a past board member of the Women's Leadership Board at Harvard University, the Women Presidents Organization, Women Impacting Public Policy, and the Institute for Economic Development of Women. We welcome you here this morning as well.    I would now like to yield to the Ranking Member for the introduction of our fourth and final witness here today.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We are done talking, so we will now start our panel. Ms. Ramberg, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. We appreciate it.    Mr. Ray, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. You are making a lot of friends.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. It is not very often that we get called awesome around here. But thank you.    Ms. Solovic, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. With the way I mispronounced your name, you have every right to call me Cabot or anything else you want.    Chairman CHABOT. It is quite all right. Quite all right.    Chairman CHABOT. There you go. That is right.    Ms. Emerson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    I have to say, as chair of this Committee, if this is not the best testimony we have had from a panel, it is certainly at or near the top. Well done. All four of you were good. I kept thinking, that was great. That was maybe even better, and even better. This is really, really good. Well done. Maybe we should just not ask questions and let you all talk. We would not do that. We are politicians after all.    I will recognize myself for 5 minutes and we will move around here. I will begin with you, Ms. Ramberg, if I can.    What are some of the top questions that you are asked by small business folks who ask you for advice, either on the street or on your TV program? What do they ask you and what do you tell them, a couple of things?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. Thank you.    Mr. Ray, I will go to you next. I had a prepared question but I thought of something I thought would be more interesting, so I am going to ask you something maybe a little off the wall.    I had the opportunity to meet not only with you in my office before this, but also with your beautiful wife and your daughter Charity. I do not know if Charity is interested in going into small business someday. But, if you had to give her advice on how to be successful down the road, how to prepare herself and what kind of things she ought to be thinking about if she want to be successful in life, or in small business, what would you tell your daughter?    Chairman CHABOT. That is kind of similar to the field that most of us are in up here, too. We would never say which ones are in that category.    Chairman CHABOT. People usually figure that out on their own.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much.    Chairman CHABOT. Ms. Solovic, I will go to you now. You mentioned you had 75 kids that you taught years ago. I do not know if you have kept in touch with any of those or not, but did any of those young ladies ever become small business people or end up in careers that might be of interest to folks?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. I am almost out of time. Ms. Emerson, very quickly, most of the folks here on the panel mentioned SCORE and how important that has been. Would you want to comment on SCORE and what you have seen?    Chairman CHABOT. For the people that are watching this, would you tell those folks what SCORE is?    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Just for the record, we have heard the same thing from lots of folks, too, about how important SCORE has been to them.    Chairman CHABOT. Yes.    Chairman CHABOT. You can get somebody really good.    Chairman CHABOT. All right. Thank you very much. Again, great panel. My time is expired.    The Ranking Member from New York is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Just for the record, his wife is shaking her head no, they do not have a lot of money, or not enough.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from Missouri, Mr. Luetkemeyer, who is the Vice Chairman of this Committee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    The gentlelady from California, Ms. Hahn, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. I am not going to touch this debate here.    Chairman CHABOT. Ms. Ramberg, go ahead.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    Chairman CHABOT. Go ahead.    Chairman CHABOT. I have lost complete control. Go ahead.    Chairman CHABOT. As long as you pronounce my name right.    Chairman CHABOT. Long ago. But that is okay. This was great.    The gentleman from New York, Mr. Gibson, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Kelly, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you. Thank you. The gentleman's time is expired.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you.    The gentlelady from Michigan, Ms. Lawrence, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Thank you very much. The gentlelady's time is expired.    The gentleman from Nevada, Mr. Hardy, who is the Subcommittee chairman of Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman CHABOT. Yes, go ahead.    Chairman CHABOT. The gentleman's time is expired.    The gentlelady from American Samoa, Amata Radewagen, is recognized for 5 minutes, and she is the Subcommittee chairman on Health and Technology.    Chairman CHABOT. We hope you are.    The gentlelady yields back.    I think all the questions have been asked and answered. As chair of the Committee, I want to thank you all for your testimony here today. It has been very inspiring. I know that we have all learned a lot. In fact, we have decided to have you all come back every week from now on. We really do appreciate it.    I think Chris Gibson, the gentleman from New York who has left at this point, he mentioned he was going to have his daughter, who is an aspiring entrepreneur, watch this maybe down the road. I would recommend that our staff tries to get this out because I think a lot of small businesses all over America, whether they are thinking about starting a small business or whether they already have one and they are looking for ways to improve it, I think there are just pearls of wisdom here that we do not want to just go off into the ether. You have all really done a great job, and thank you so much. I think you have done your country a great service, you really have, so thank you very much for this morning.    I would ask unanimous consent that members have 5 legislative days to submit statements and supporting materials for the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    If there is no further business to come before the hearing, we are adjourned. Thank you very much.