    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman; and I am glad to see you today, Ms. Jewell and Mr. Palumbo.    I think I want to associate myself with the remarks from Representatives Grijalva and Torres and some of my other colleagues in regards to some of the questions that have been posed and some of the statements that have been made.    I have had somebody in that area through Thanksgiving, and was able to visit and talk to some of the folks in that general area, because he is from that general area. They tell me there is still a lot of evidence on the orange sediments. It could be possibly before the spill, because you have had the spill for a long time in that area.    But the concern is, you talk about the Native Americans at Navajo, but you do not mention the other tribe. At least one of them, the Utes, they say all is well; but the toxins from that spill are still finding their way downstream. And, they go all the way down to Lake Powell, which is where California gets some of its water.    The understanding is that the general public has a hard time differentiating between EPA and Bureau of Reclamation, who is down there, or what their role is. I do not think it is clear to some of the folks in that area. The contention is that they really just want somebody to have publicly-oriented results, a scientifically credible and, of course, independent review of those events made public to them. I am not just talking about the tribes and the environmental folks, but the folks that live in the area.    Of course, I am sure the other tribes, they do want a whole picture, the big picture, and not just the newest words of how the Bureau has decisionmaking process and only in engineering.    So, the impacts downstream have still not been divulged or presented to the general public in a complete manner. That is the report I am getting back, and this is as of last month.    Mrs. Napolitano. Of course, there are still reports of people being sick. Now, they cannot prove that it is as a result of this spill. I am wondering whether there will be long-term effects, and whether there are going to be any studies on those long-term effects of the general population, the tribes, the issues in that area--is CDC going to be involved in this, the BIA, and being able to ensure that these are being addressed? Because these are long-term effects, not only for the current spill, but of what happened before that.    We are looking at what is right for the public. I mean that is our bottom line. I am sure it is yours.    Mrs. Napolitano. The report that they would like to see--the process, those reports made with due diligence and scientific integrity; and, of course, the public needs to trust us in being able to provide that for them.    Those are things that I wanted to bring up. The subcontractors, is there any kind of insurance that they might have? I know that it is a Federal contract, but is there any coverage for any malfeasance or anything that might have happened--the subcontractors might be able to be there?    I guess maybe my concern also, on the other side, is who is footing this bill for the cleanup?    Mrs. Napolitano. But we need to find out. We need to ensure that maybe somebody addresses it somewhere along the line.    It really is a concern for me, because these millions of dollars that have been spent and will continue to be spent, the taxpayers are going to end up paying for. That is a reality that we have not really faced; you do not have the budget to be able to continue doing the remediation in other areas that are going to be of even greater concern in the future.    So thank you, Madam Secretary.    The Chairman. Mrs. Lummis.