    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Goodlatte, Ranking Member Conyers, Members of the Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to answer questions here today.    I understand the extraordinary responsibilities entrusted to this Committee. I appreciate both your willingness to hear from me and the serious and fair-minded approach you have taken on this charge of----    Mr. Koskinen. All right. Does that count against my time?    All right. Thanks. I will do my best today to answer your questions, and I am committed to full cooperation. I recognize the obligation all public servants share to be responsive to Congress to the best of our abilities. That means listening and responding to feedback and criticism, acknowledging mistakes, and working diligently to improve.    Let me note at the outset how much I deeply regret our inability to bring the (c)(4) issue to a close in a way that satisfies all Americans and Members of Congress. I understand the level of suspicion and distrust caused by the IRS' failure to properly handle applications for social welfare status based solely on the names of the organizations.    I took this job in large part to help restore confidence in the IRS and to ensure that the agency never returned to the unacceptable practices that had occurred before I arrived. I believe we have made real progress during my tenure in ending the practices that gave rise to the concerns, addressing operational weaknesses, creating a culture of risk management, and working to reassure taxpayers that our tax system treats taxpayers fairly.    The tax system only works if taxpayers are confident that the IRS will treat them fairly and that it doesn't make any difference who they are, what organization or political party they belong to, or whom they voted for in the last election. This is an important principle to us at the IRS.    And no one, in addition, should have to wait years for an answer to a question or a request for a determination of any kind.    Congress also has a right to expect that reforms to restore the public's trust in a nonpartisan and effective IRS will be implemented fully. I have devoted my energies as commissioner to that goal, and the inspector general has acknowledged that real progress has been made in implementing all of his recommendations. For instance, the IRS eliminated long ago the use of the ``Be on the Lookout,'' or BOLO lists, as they are known, that had resulted in the improper scrutiny of a number of applicants as described in TIGTA's May 2013 report.    Mr. Koskinen. All right.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, let's see how we do.    Mr. Koskinen. All right. As I noted, we have eliminated the BOLO lists. The IRS has also offered an expedited approval process for organizations that experience delays in the processing of their applications for 501(c)(4) status.    Continuing our efforts to restore public confidence in the IRS will remain my top priority every day that I am fortunate enough to continue to serve.    I also understand there are significant remaining questions on the minds of some Members about the IRS response to congressional inquiries on my watch. I stand ready to answer these questions today.    I responded honestly and in good faith as events unfolded, particularly in response to the discovery that Lois Lerner's hard drive had crashed in 2011. From the start, I directed IRS staff to cooperate fully with Congress and to recover lost information wherever possible, and I testified to the best of my knowledge.    But the truth is, we did not succeed in preserving all of the information requested and some of my testimony later proved mistaken. I regret both of those failings.    I can also tell you that, with the benefit of hindsight, even closer communication with Congress would have been advisable. But my commitment is and always has been to tell you and all Committees of the Congress the truth and to address issues head on.    I accept that it is up to you to judge my overall record, but I believe that impeachment would be improper, it would create disincentives for many good people to serve, and it would slow the pace of reform and progress at the IRS.    Again, I appreciate the opportunity to be here and look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Koskinen. No, nothing inaccurate in that. I would be happy to explain to you my understanding of how that happened, but the report is accurate.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, to the extent the IRS commissioner has control over that.    Mr. Koskinen. As the leader of the organization, I am responsible for the management of it. There are a lot of managers there, but ultimately any CEO, any director of the organization is responsible for its operations.    Mr. Koskinen. I met with senior executives and was assured that an appropriate document retention order had been put out the prior year. The woman acting as my counsel at the time sent a follow-up memo in February to the IT department to remind them that they ensure that all of the available information be preserved, and I was assured that that was being done.    Mr. Koskinen. I did not personally do that. I was assured that managers understood the impact of the document retention request or order in 2013 before I arrived, and the follow-up in February 2014, I was assured, would make it clear to employees and managers everywhere to preserve documents. We were at that point 8 months into a massive document search, it seemed to me everybody would understand the goal. And the instruction to people was to produce all of the information as quickly as we could wherever it was.    Mr. Koskinen. It apparently got to everyone but two employees on the midnight shift in Martinsburg. And at the time that was revealed, which was a year after the hearings in 2014, I said that that was a mistake, it shouldn't have happened, and I took responsibility for it.    Mr. Koskinen. I did not.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. We have.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. I do. If there were any evidence there that I had actually indicated or told anyone to impede the operations of the Congress, destroy, or mislead the Congress, I assume someone would have already quoted it. So I assume that those 50 depositions would support the fact that I did nothing to impede the operation of the Congress, I gave no instructions to anyone to do anything other than fully cooperate with the requests of the Congress.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, the subpoenas asked for specific information. The assumption is that some of that information was on those tapes.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. Kate Duvall was serving as counselor of the commissioner.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. And a large number of them had been destroyed in 2012 and 2013.    Mr. Koskinen. The inspector general spent a year looking into exactly that subject and came up with the conclusion, after interviewing over 50 witnesses, that that was totally a mistake by two employees on the midnight shift in Martinsburg----    Mr. Koskinen . That no one had----    Mr. Koskinen . No one--I am sorry.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, that is the IG's report after a year.    Mr. Koskinen. At the time, that was what I had been informed and what I believed. A year later, or 9 months----    Mr. Koskinen. That was----    Mr. Koskinen. It was----    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. The statement was not correct in light of that evidence, which I did not know.    Mr. Koskinen. The statement I thought was true. It was not true on the basis of the evidence that we discovered later.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. The rules are that would be personal inurement. No tax-exempt organization can benefit, use its funds to benefit any, in effect, insider.    Mr. Koskinen. I can't comment on individual----    Mr. Koskinen. Clearly, the general rules are understood that a 501(c)'s assets should not be used to benefit either a major contributor or anyone operating the entity. The particular facts and circumstances of any case would need to be reviewed carefully and----    Mr. Koskinen. All I can tell you is that the rules are clear, and it would be up to a set of people who do this regularly at the IRS to investigate and make a determination as to whether, in fact, the tax exemption of that organization was still viable.    Mr. Koskinen. The commissioner does not make a determination as to--about any audit or investigation. We get referrals, suggestions, sometimes might review urgings to look into a wide range of activities of not only tax-exempt organizations, but others. Those are referred to a detailed process internally----    Mr. Koskinen . And it is not my role to make that determination.    Mr. Koskinen. Actually, I did not talk to the President personally. I talked to Secretary Lew, who I knew from years ago, and White House personnel. And the reason I was asked was obvious: The IRS had made a terrible management mistake. I have spent 45 years of my career managing organizations under stress, including in the private sector and the public sector. And it was obvious to me just reading the paper that there was a problem that needed to be fixed, and I was honored to be asked and pleased to undertake the responsibility.    Mr. Koskinen. Actually, I waited 2 months. I was advised of this situation in April. And the reason I waited, because I instructed people we needed to find as many of the emails from that period of the hard drive crash as we could. We found and produced 24,000 Lois Lerner emails from the period of her hard drive crash.    She did not destroy the information. Thereafter, we produced another 50,000 emails. So the investigators, all six of them, had 78,000 Lois Lerner emails from the period of 2009 to 2013.    Mr. Koskinen. No, no. And I would agree. I have said that in retrospect, if I had it to do over again, in April, I would have contacted and advised Congress immediately. The delay didn't change any investigation, but I can understand the aggravation it caused in some areas. And if I had to do it again, I would actually advise the Congress that the hard drive--I knew the hard drive had crashed and had been advised of that. We were now going to try, as we did, to produce all of the emails we could from that period, and we actually produced 24,000.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Correct.    Mr. Koskinen. My position and that of my lawyers is I have not committed any of those crimes. But, again, I recognize this Committee has already heard from constitutional experts, and it is this Committee's decision.    Mr. Koskinen. The IRS commissioner----    Mr. Koskinen . IRS commissioner has no authority over any individual audit or even the determination of whether an audit should begin, and I think that is appropriate.    Mr. Koskinen. We never would--do comment about any taxpayer situation, the status of whether they are under audit, whether the audit is continuing, or whether it is concluded. That is all taxpayer information that is protected.    Mr. Koskinen. We would never comment on any taxpayer's situation with regard to audits or filings or what was in that information.    Mr. Koskinen. I am not in a position to make a comment on that.    Mr. Koskinen. That is my understanding.    Mr. Koskinen. No, we clearly failed. The BlackBerry was actually in the control of the IG from 2013 on. But as I have stated, we clearly failed in areas of preservation of documents, and I have said that was a mistake, and it was driven by the fact that we were spending, and I was told the group were looking every place they thought they would find the emails, and we found 1,300,000 pages of documents that were produced. It took us a year to do that. And that was where people thought the most likely place it was to come.    The IG in his review of everything else found another thousand emails, a number of which were in the early 2000's, long before this held, but those thousand emails, if we would have had the technique and the time, would have been important to produce.    But I would remind you that we did produce a phenomenal volume of stuff, with 250 people working every day. And from my standpoint, my commitment and order and instruction to people was to do everything possible to produce information for the Committee as fast as we could and as thoroughly as we could.    Mr. Koskinen. That is an interesting suggestion that I don't have the authority to respond to, but it would be helpful to reaffirm the commitment that we had at the IRS, which is if Congress asks, not whether, subpoena or not, if Congress asks for information, we have an obligation to provide it as quickly as we can as thoroughly as we can. And that is an obligation, as I say, it doesn't take a subpoena, that is an obligation we have to the Congress any time you ask us for a question.    Mr. Koskinen. I can't speak for the Justice Department, but I can, as you know, remind you that from the commissioner on down, the acting commissioner on down, all five levels of people responsible in this area are no longer with the government, they are no longer with the IRS. They, in fact, no longer have their jobs.    Mr. Koskinen. I do.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct. I spent 4 years on the Senate side as the chief of staff to a senator who ultimately chaired the Oversight Committee in the Senate, and I fully understand and appreciate and think it is appropriate for agencies to respond as quickly as they can with all of the information requested.    Mr. Koskinen. I do.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. She was gone. I have never actually met her or talked to her.    Mr. Koskinen. We have not used ``Be On The Lookout'' activity numbers for 3 years or longer.    Mr. Koskinen. Across the board, I have made a commitment that we will respond to every request. I will personally respond to every letter within 30 days, if at all possible, and I will explain if it is not. As a general matter, over 90 percent of inquiries get a response from me within 90 days. We have not refused to provide any information. We are anxious across the board. The IRS affects every taxpayer in the country, and it is important for us to be transparent.    Mr. Koskinen. As I have said, we have--it was not a perfect process. There are things that, again, in retrospect----    Mr. Koskinen. Yeah. And basically there is no evidence that I have actually acted in bad faith, given anybody instruction not to comply.    Mr. Koskinen. And when we found the information. In fact, we spent a lot of time--again, I should have told Congress earlier, but we spent time finding the 24,000 emails.    Mr. Koskinen. 501(c)(3) organizations, foundations, otherwise are not allowed to participate in politics.    Mr. Koskinen. I think I, like any public servant, should be held to the highest standards of probity. We should cooperate with----    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, I think we should be held to that standard or even higher.    Mr. Koskinen. No. I have never objected to any of the hearings. I have had close to 40 hearings.    Mr. Koskinen. Conclusions.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. And if a taxpayer----    Mr. Koskinen. If the taxpayer provided us information truthfully, did the best they could to produce information, and found that information was missing, the first thing we would do with that taxpayer is try to help them reconstruct those records.    Mr. Koskinen. No. He has got to pay the taxes he owes. The question is whether----    Mr. Koskinen. And duty to make sure the agency functions well, that that doesn't take place to the extent I can control it.    Mr. Koskinen. I do in retrospect. The erasure of those tapes was not known until well after my hearings and it is----    Mr. Koskinen. Well, the answer is, I couldn't tell the Committee things I didn't know. All I could tell the Committee in honesty and good faith was what I knew. And what I knew is what I told the Committee. When later information--a year later in terms of the tapes came out--I said that was a mistake and we should be----    Mr. Koskinen. I know I have--we have a large number of executives that I have great confidence in, and when they tell me that, in fact, they are doing their best to produce all of their relevant evidence----    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. The IRS budget since 2010 has been cut $900 million, even as we have 10 million more taxpayers and a wide range of statutory mandates to implement.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, our budget today is $900 million less than it was 6 years ago.    Mr. Koskinen. We estimate and have provided that information to Congress that we are leaving $5 billion a year on the table, and it is not a guess as to--we might find people. It is $5 billion in audits that we can't undertake when we know there are difficulties.    Mr. Koskinen. Correct.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I am not an expert of where the money would go, but clearly there is less money to be provided or appropriated or to cut the deficit.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. Clearly, all of this started with the IG report noting that--he called it improper criteria. They were totally improper criteria were used to select organizations applying for (c)4 designation for further review. Those organizations predominantly were conservative organizations.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. No. My understanding is that there were ultimately developed ``Be On The Lookout'' lists for organizations with these names in their titles, and some of those were progressive names but the bulk of the applications were conservative. And it was that list, that ``Be On The Lookout'' list of any organization with these names in their title, had nothing to do with whatever their political philosophies or views were. It was if their name was in the title they should then be selected for review.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. It actually was--I am not an expert in what happened before I got there, but my understanding was it was a back and forth by people at Lois Lerner's office as well as the frontline trying to figure out how do we handle these. And that list was developed and there was an attempt to stop using a list and then the list got used again.    Mr. Koskinen. As I noted, all of this happened well before I got there. That is why I am here. But as I stated, starting with the acting commissioner down, everyone in that chain of command is gone.    Mr. Koskinen. None that anybody has pointed out that had a responsibility. The leadership and the responsibility are gone.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't know, but I assume it is a relatively prompt process. I would note, the tapes actually had been sent to Martinsburg. They originally were in New Carrollton and they were actually--a bulk of related tapes had been erased a couple years before that. These were the remaining tapes. They were in a closet. The IG said they were identified as junk and they were sent----    Mr. Koskinen. That I don't understand--I don't know, but I think they are one at a time but we will--we can find out.    Mr. Koskinen. I do.    Mr. Koskinen. I can't talk about personnel, but the IG investigated them, clearly provided a report, and I can't say anything more about that.    Mr. Koskinen. My understanding is at least one of them is. But the IG noted it was an honest mistake, and we turned it over to our people to review it and that personal review--personnel review went on. But the IG said they had made an honest mistake. It was not anything intentional on their party. They certainly didn't mean to interfere with anything going on with the Congress.    Mr. Koskinen. Again, that is a judgment, I guess, people could make. I think when there is a 17-minute gap and no intervening information provided, that is more significant than when there are tapes erased and 24,000 emails are provided from that same period. If we had some information about that conversations on the 17-minute gap, they would be more comparable. But there was no information there. It was all lost. Here, the IG said 24,000 emails but only 10,000 of them were from the gap period, and in that gap period we produced 24,000, twice as many emails from Lois Lerner.    Mr. Koskinen. You would know anytime anybody files what they paid in taxes, yes.    Mr. Koskinen. To the extent they took the charitable deduction, it would. For various reasons sometimes people don't.    Mr. Koskinen. All you report is income and expenses, so it would not necessarily tell you a lot about assets other than that they produced a lot of income.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. But there would be no way to actually know what the assets were.    Mr. Koskinen. Yeah. You would be able to see in any taxpayer's return what the deductions were, what benefits they took advantage of.    Mr. Koskinen. You would see the source of income, yes.    Mr. Koskinen. You would have some. You wouldn't have a full picture, again, because you wouldn't have a picture of all the assets.    Mr. Koskinen. You would have some, but it would be a very high level of abstraction because there would not be any of the exhibits.    Mr. Koskinen. Correct.    Mr. Koskinen. That's correct.    Mr. Koskinen. Audits can go on, depending on the complexity, for years.    Mr. Koskinen. No. They may be advised not to, but they are not prohibited.    Mr. Koskinen. No. They may be advised by their advisors, but not by the IRS.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. The release itself wouldn't. The concern sometimes by taxpayers is that when the information is public, there may be more information that will be discovered or provided.    Mr. Koskinen. But to release itself does not----    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. In other words--in fact, as I tell people with the phone scams, if you are surprised to be hearing from us, you are not hearing from us. We send you a letter if we are going to start an audit.    Mr. Koskinen. There is no restriction by the IRS.    Mr. Koskinen. As a general matter, nonprofits are not allowed to--it is called inurement--use benefits of the tax-exempt organization for their own purposes.    Mr. Koskinen. I can't talk about any individual taxpayer's activities. The law is clear: 501(c)(3) organizations cannot be involved in politics.    Mr. Koskinen. But I, again, would stress, we never talk about any individual's tax returns or their policies.    Mr. Koskinen. Absolutely not.    Mr. Koskinen. I----    Mr. Koskinen. Okay.    Mr. Koskinen. No. As I wrote in a letter to all of the oversight Committees, including yours, there are three cases out of the 145 that have not been processed because they are in litigation. And our policy for years has been if you are in a process and then you sue us, we stop the process.    Mr. Koskinen. But those are three from 4 or 5 years ago. They are not new cases. There is no new case in the last 3 years.    Mr. Koskinen. Targeting is a present-tense verb. Those organizations were improperly selected 4 years ago.    Mr. Koskinen. And as I noted, once the court made that issue, while we for 50 years have stopped processing, we are processing those applications.    Mr. Koskinen. Again, all of this happened before me. When I started, there were six investigations ongoing: The House Oversight Committee, the Ways and Means Committee, the Senate Finance Committee, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, the Department of Justice, and the Inspector General all had investigations going on.    Mr. Koskinen. The IG noted in its investigation that no one had done anything purposely to impede the congressional investigations. Nobody had instructed anybody to do that. The Justice Department said, while there--and I would totally agree--mistakes made--it was not a perfect process by any means--no one had done anything that, in fact, raised to a level of any activity subject to, you know--they basically said nobody did anything that impeded the investigation.    The bipartisan report from the Senate Finance Committee, again, had all the information they needed, disagreed. There was a majority report and a minority report about whether it was political motivation or whether it, in fact, was just bad management and a poor management judgment. The bipartisan report had a series of recommendations. We accepted all of those recommendations. We actually accepted all the recommendations of the majority report and the minority report.    The Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations closed its report. It was the first one. And it basically maintained that there was nothing done that was intentional in terms of any material presentation. Everybody has agreed that it was a management mistake, a terrible mistake. It shouldn't happen again. No one should be selected for any adverse activities, either denial of an application or wait for time, simply because of the name of the organization.    This was not political philosophy. This was, in fact, selecting people only by the name of the organization. And everybody has agreed--and I totally agreed when I started--in fact, I apologize to anyone who was stuck in the process for more than a year waiting for an answer.    The Ways and Means Committee has not issued a report.    The House Oversight Committee did not issue a Committee report. There was a staff report issued at the end of 2014.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. For 3 years, when I was in OMB, I chaired the Intergovernmental Organization of Inspectors General. I have always been a supporter of the IGs. In the private sector, I was a supporter of internal auditors. I meet with the senior staff of the IG every month.    As I tell our employees, the IGs and GAO don't create problems; they raise issues before that we might not otherwise know, and it is important to respond positively. And we have responded to the IG's recommendation. The IG reviewed it and said, we had actually basically implemented all of their recommendations. They had some additional recommendations. We have implemented those as well.    But, I think the IG has done a good job. I knew him when he worked on the Hill for the Republicans, but I don't think he has been political. I think he has done a straightforward job, and we have a good relationship.    Mr. Koskinen. I know I never kept any information from the Congress. My counsel, in February 2014, within a few weeks of my arrival sent a reminder to the IT department making sure that they understood that all of the media should be preserved.    And again, as I said, when I discovered in 2015 from the IG that those tapes had been erased, I said that was a mistake. It shouldn't have happened. And as has been noted, I run the organization, and if an honest mistake is made on my watch, it is my mistake. I tell employees that.    Mr. Koskinen. I did not make several. It had gone through the system. There was a standing order in 2013. There was a reminder that went out from my counsel to the IT department to preserve those reports. We were making a massive effort of production, so you would have thought everybody would have known that we are producing documents as fast as we could, and therefore, we should protect them.    Mr. Koskinen. And I am delighted to do that.    Mr. Koskinen. It certainly is.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't know. We have been working from the start with the Committee staff to prioritize. We had a long hearing, as you will recall, in March of 2014, about the order in which we would reply to the subpoena. I made it clear we were prepared to respond to the entire subpoena. That is how we ended up with the Committee saying their first priority would be all of the remaining Lois Lerner emails, and I said we would provide those.    Since then we have been working with the Committee and working our way through the subpoena in terms of whatever information they would want.    Mr. Koskinen. No, no, no. The Committee has a vast subpoena they are asking for, some information from 90,000 IRS employees. And at that hearing in March of 2014, we agreed that we would get Lois Lerner emails and then we would respond to the Committee staff as we went forward.    Mr. Koskinen. And we have provided Holly Paz emails. I just can't tell you whether all of the ones from Holly Paz that have anything to do with this issue have been provided. The question is, have we provided other emails that she may have sent, and I don't know the answer to that.    Mr. Koskinen. I think we are in compliance with that subpoena in terms of our discussions with the staff. We have not completed--as I say, one of those questions is emails from 90,000 employees outside, and I have explained in 2014 that that would take a long time, and in our discussions with the Committee staff we are not pursuing that.    Mr. Koskinen. Right.    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly.    Mr. Koskinen. I----    Mr. Koskinen. I don't mean to do that, and I apologize if there is any indication that I am trying to blame the staff. All I am saying is we have been working with the staff in terms of response to the subpoena. We provided all of the Holly Paz and all of everybody's emails regarding the determination. That is how the 2,300,000 pages came out. I have forgotten how many hundreds, thousands of emails there are.    To the extent that the Committee at any time feels that there is additional information that we haven't provided, we have been providing information we completed. We sent a note to everybody saying we are done with document production in January of 2015. If we haven't provided all of the Holly Paz other emails that have nothing to do really with this and the Committee staff would like those, we will do that.    Mr. Koskinen. I know I have never claimed I was an expert on tax law.    Mr. Koskinen. Congressman, I said at the start I came here to answer questions truthfully and straightforward. But I can't--we don't talk about individual cases, and if hypotheticals begin to look like individual cases, I am not at liberty to give opinion or judgments about them.    Mr. Koskinen. What I can say is----    Mr. Koskinen. As I have said before, the law is clear: Any tax-exempt organization cannot use its money to benefit anyone as closely associated with that organization. But I can't give you--every case is different. Every case has background and information surrounding it and----    Mr. Koskinen. But I----    Mr. Koskinen. As I would stress, and I think it is important for all the taxpayers to understand, if you deal with us, your information we go at great lengths to protect. Our employees understand every taxpayer's information is sacrosanct. We do not reveal it to anybody.    And it is important for them to understand that we do not discuss anything about their tax situation with the public. And so while I understand the interest in this issue, even in the hypothetical sense, it would be inappropriate for the commissioner or anybody else at the IRS to respond other than to say the law is clear as to what 501(c)(3)s can do and cannot do.    Mr. Koskinen. I meant since the response, as you note, the appropriate congressional response to the IG report in May of 2013 when the six investigations started. The investigations there, as I said, were four congressional, the IG and DOJ.    Mr. Koskinen. Correct.    Mr. Koskinen. I meant by every email that the IRS had that I knew of had been preserved. That is what I thought. That was my honest belief.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. Well, if I knew then what I know now, I would have testified differently. But at the time I testified honestly on what I knew and what I had been told.    Mr. Koskinen. And nobody regrets more than I do that in some ways this case has been the case that keeps on giving with new information coming out. I wish the information had all been out to begin with.    Mr. Koskinen. What I meant at that time was I had been advised nothing. But you are exactly right, in retrospect I would have been better advised to say, ``to the best of my knowledge,'' or, ``on the basis of what I have been told,'' which was, in fact, the basis of my testimony.    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly.    Mr. Koskinen. I think you have interviewed all of them already.    Mr. Koskinen. To the best of my knowledge at this time, you have interviewed the--I don't know the names of all the 50, but the people who advised me throughout this case, you have interviewed.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I would just note, and without going into detail about it, there is a lot of information and misinformation and misinterpretation of it that is in the hands of the Committee, and if there were going to be a full hearing, I would have the opportunity to explore that, we would be able to cross-examine witnesses, we would be able to actually provide you not just the allegations being made, but the facts on both sides. Each side would have the opportunity.    But the impact of the facts. You should hear from the inspector general directly, who did he talk to, is he still, as he said in his letter, confident that it was an honest mistake by two employees, it was not purposeful.    You should hear----    Mr. Koskinen. Yeah.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct. I would be happy to provide you the witnesses and the information that this Committee would need to be able to actually proceed accordingly. But, as noted, that would be if the Committee decided it wanted to go to a full-scale impeachment process, which I understand this is not.    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you.    Mr. Koskinen. When I took over the organization, first, we needed to make sure that the situation that led to the improper selection of people just by their names never happened again. And so we pursued, and as people have made recommendations over which we have control, we have adopted those.    We had a substantial challenge when I started with the underfunding of the agency, which still continues, in terms of implementing not only the normal tax seasons, but we had the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, we had the Affordable Care Act. Since then, we have had the ABLE Act, we have had the Health Coverage Tax Credit Act, we have had private debt collection requirements, all of which have been basically unfunded mandates that the IRS has had.    We are under constant attack by organized criminals around the world trying to get access to our information, so our cybersecurity issues and our antiquated IT systems are a major concern and a major attack for us.    Mr. Koskinen. They are all----    Mr. Koskinen. And the last thing is, we provide tax credits pursuant to statute, particularly with the earned income tax credit. And I have been concerned from the start that we need to do everything we can to get the level of improper payments down, make sure everybody eligible participates, but make sure that the right amounts go out, and it has been a very complicated challenge.    Mr. Koskinen. These were all related to the six investigations.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, those are the numbers. Basically it is $20 million, we have had 250 people at various times working either full-time or part-time, doing our best to respond as quickly as we could to congressional requests.    Mr. Koskinen. The best it was going to do, and I hoped it would do in some ways better than it has, would be to try to assure people that we understood the nature of the problem, which the IG had reported on 6 months before I started, and then we would have a basis for trying to solve that problem. And I think we have done--taken all the recommendations anybody has had, because I think it is critical, going back to the issue about confidence in the IRS and in the government, for people, as I said, to believe that they are going to get treated fairly.    We don't care whether they belong to one party or another, whether they go to church, they don't go to church, who they voted for, what their political beliefs are, they should be treated the same way as anyone else, and all of that background is not relevant to us at all.    Mr. Koskinen. Presently, there is no backlog. For a (c)(4) application, it now takes an average of 83 days to go through. For (c)(3)s, where we had a backlog of 65,000 applications when I started, we have streamlined the process for small charity applications and allowed them to get through in a matter of weeks rather than 9 to 12 months, and there is no backlog.    Our goal is for the complicated (c)(3)s, to get them out within 270 days, and we meet that. For (c)(4)s, most of them get handled very quickly under expedited processing, so there are no backlogs.    Mr. Koskinen. At this point, you know, we get--we have about a million and a half Subchapter S--sorry, (c)    organizations, tax-exempt organizations. Seventy-five percent of them are (c)(3), only about 5 percent are (c)(4)s, and the majority of the (c)(4)s are garden clubs, Kiwanis clubs, local groups. But every year we get a couple thousand (c)(4) applications, and as I say, the average time for processing now is 83 days.    Mr. Koskinen. A copy of the emails? Sure. We would be delighted. I think my statement said that we instructed those. I did not personally send an email.    Mr. Koskinen. We would be happy to provide those.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I have noted that if I knew then what I know now, I would have testified in a different way.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I tried to make that clear. Clearly, at the time I testified, I was advised that, in fact, all the evidence was being preserved pursuant to the orders that went out. Since then, it is been clear that obviously some tapes were erased, which was a mistake. I said that at the time. If I were testifying again, I would say----    Mr. Koskinen. That was an honest statement on the basis of what I knew. As Congressman Gowdy said, I would have been better advised if I had said, ``on the basis of what I have been told and I understand.''    Mr. Koskinen. You have to understand there are two sets of emails. The emails that I knew were missing in April of 2014 were from the Lois Lerner hard drive crash. No one knew until 2015 about the erasure of the tapes in Martinsburg. When I testified in June, our whole focus, because none of us, the Committee nor I, knew about the erasure----    Mr. Koskinen. At the time I testified, that hearing was about the Lois Lerner hard drive crash, so it was clear Lois Lerner's hard drive had crashed.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, if you look at the timing of it, you had the report from us on the entire production system and the Lois Lerner hard drive crash before I testified.    Mr. Koskinen. It was true as far as I knew. And when I testified----    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. And I filed a report with the Congress.    Mr. Koskinen. Because Lois Lerner's emails were lost in 2011, long before the investigation started, and that hearing was about the Lois Lerner hard drive crash.    Mr. Koskinen. That was true in my belief at the time. Congressman Gowdy's exactly right----    Mr. Koskinen. I was told that the IT department----    Mr. Koskinen. I was told by people, and you have interviewed all of those people.    Mr. Koskinen. Who are those people?    Mr. Koskinen. It was the deputy chief information officer, whom you have interviewed, who said to me that they had looked and they were confident that, in fact--I asked, is there any way to get tapes? And he said, they have all been recycled.    Mr. Koskinen. That is what I was told at the time. That was my understanding at the time. As I have said, if I knew then what I know now----    Mr. Koskinen. When the IG reported in 2015, I subsequently had a hearing with the Senate Finance Committee about this, and I publicly stated in response to the public issues that it was a mistake for those tapes to be erased, and I testified with the Finance Committee----    Mr. Koskinen. The IG----    Mr. Koskinen. I don't know the details. All I can say, as I have said, the law is clear, a (c) organization cannot use its assets to benefit anyone who is closely associated with the organization.    Mr. Koskinen. Whatever you use to not pursue charitable purposes, but to benefit anyone associated with it, the law says you should not--it is not allowed.    Mr. Koskinen. If I could correct the record. I have testified, and honestly, I learned about the Lois Lerner email crash in April. Between April and the time we provided the report to the Congress, I did not have a hearing. The hearings in June were about the Lois Lerner hard drive crash. But I have also stated, and the reason I did not immediately report that crash was because I instructed people to see how many emails from the crash period we could recover, and we recovered 24,000.    But as I have said, in retrospect, because it did create a certain amount of aggravation on the part that I understand of at least some Congressmen, in April, when I was advised, if I had to do it again, I would advise the Congress that we had a hard drive crash and we were now----    Mr. Koskinen. I didn't wait until I was asked. We actually produced a full report to all of the investigative Committees about the process. But as I have said, when I learned of it in April, life would have been a lot easier if I had simply advised the Congress.    Mr. Koskinen. But since that time, we have advised the Congress----    Mr. Koskinen. I did not, but that BlackBerry was in the hand of the IG from 2013.    Mr. Koskinen. No. I was not analyzing Lois Lerner's activities. I was working and instructing people----    Mr. Koskinen. No. I was focused, as the agency was, on reviewing all the emails we could, get emails. We had to pull each hard drive out of the computer and----    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. It is my understanding he is one of the proposers.    Mr. Koskinen. My understanding. I am learning from Congressman Gowdy.    Mr. Koskinen. I am aware of that.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. I do not know him, but I know the position he held.    Mr. Koskinen. I do not recall specifically. I know ultimately he left the government, but I don't know the circumstances.    Mr. Koskinen. I do not.    Mr. Koskinen. That, I do understand.    Mr. Koskinen. She resigned.    Mr. Koskinen. I do not.    Mr. Koskinen. That testimony was not after anyone knew about that erasure.    Mr. Koskinen. No. I----    Mr. Koskinen. Yeah. I am sorry. I did testify after it happened, just nobody knew it had happened.    Mr. Koskinen. I would like the record clear, I don't blame them. At the time, I didn't blame them. The IG did a year investigation and found it was a mistake.    Mr. Koskinen. They were not----    Mr. Koskinen. Those two people were not fired. The IG determined it was an honest mistake on their part.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. No, I think if--I have an overall record at the IRS that I am proud. We have made significant progress across the board. I have talked about----    Mr. Koskinen. But on the specific issue, I do not think that the mistakes, honest mistakes made by two employees are the grounds for either resignation or certainly not for impeachment. If, in fact, every time an employee makes an honest mistake in an agency, the expectation is that the head of that agency should resign, we are not going to have many agency heads around.    Mr. Koskinen. The law is clear, any (c)(3) or--any (c)(3) organization cannot make a political contribution. 527s can be in business, have to be in business totally to make political contributions. (C)(4)s, the rule is, as long as their primary purpose is social welfare, they can make political contributions.    Mr. Koskinen. We would go through a process of doing an audit and an investigation to determine the details.    Mr. Koskinen. There would be penalties if that was the final determination.    Mr. Koskinen. We certainly would. We would always in any audit hear from the taxpayer and make our responses accordingly.    Mr. Koskinen. I don't mean to be unresponsive. As I say, my goal here today is to answer questions. But as I say, when hypotheticals start to get very specific, it is inappropriate for the IRS or the commissioner to respond.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I read newspapers every day.    Mr. Koskinen. As I have tried to make clear, we never talk about the status of any taxpayer. And we get referrals from the public, from Members of Congress suggesting that we look into particular activities of companies, charitable organizations, and others. There is a process with appropriate reviews and controls it goes through. But we never respond.    Mr. Koskinen. If you write us a letter, we tell you thank you for the letter; we don't tell you what the action is we are going to take.    Mr. Koskinen. And so I can't tell you.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, if I could respond, the question was raised by the Congressman from Texas about what we do with the $290 million. What we did with that was we hired, partially--we hired a thousand people during tax filing season, and the level of phone service went from 37 percent, a totally unacceptable rate the year before, to 70 percent. But because the amount of money provided was less than half of what we requested, I advised the appropriators that after the end of the filing season, the people we had hired, the money ran out, and the people would go away.    So our level of taxpayer service right now is back to an unacceptable level. It is a simple algorithm: If we have the money, we hire the people, they answer the phone; if we don't have the money, we don't have the people, then we don't have enough people to answer the phone.    Mr. Koskinen. I have tried to make it clear to appropriators in the Congress that it is--you know, we do the best we can. We have an obligation to provide taxpayers the best service we can. But it is a direct correlation between the amount of funding and the amount of service we can provide.    The $900 million cuts over the last 6 years means that we are significantly constrained. We did appreciate the $290 million from the Congress and we provided reports on how we actually used all of those funds for protecting taxpayers, cybersecurity, and taxpayer service.    Mr. Koskinen. I actually don't know. All of that happened before I got there. All I know is the five people in the order either resigned. There were reviews done on a personal basis, and I don't know which of those people resigned and which of them resigned in the face of, in some cases, knowledge they were about to be fired. But I don't know that, and if I did know, I wouldn't be able to tell you the details anyway.    Mr. Koskinen. I have not done the investigation. The IG's investigation reported that they were not aware, that they actually thought--these were labeled as junk and they thought it was junk. They had already degaussed some earlier, 2 years ago. And their understanding, they were junk. They came with a label saying for disposition, and they disposed of them.    Mr. Koskinen. The word was already out in the spring--in the summer of 2013.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. There were emails in 2013; there were further emails in 2014. But as I have said, it shouldn't have happened, and it clearly was not an appropriate level.    Mr. Koskinen. I have been educated by Congressman Gowdy about spoilation since I did not know it originally. It takes--it has to be an intentional destruction for it to be assumed that, in fact, you can assume the worst. There was thus far no finding that it was intentional.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, whatever the Oversight Committee is doing, they take--they have noted on their Web site, or at least it was until recently on their Web site, 20 executives in the government that they thought should be removed or leave. They have big pictures and they have big red X's through 18 of them. So they have been successful 90 percent of the time. I am one of the two that they have not thus far been able to get----    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. We will be happy to do that.    Mr. Koskinen. As I noted, there were--well, all of this started, the investigations started 6 months before I got there. There were instructions issued to preserve all media, and we will share those with the Committee.    The decision in 2013 trying to respond was the most likely place to find these emails was in the hard drives in all of the employees. Hard drives of 88 or 90 employees were pulled, they were reviewed. We had an agreement with the Committees as to what the searches would look like to make sure they were getting everything responsive to the inquiries. And that is how we ended up with 1,300,000 pages of documents.    With regard to Ms. Lerner, there were--78,000 of her emails were provided, 24,000 from that gap period. When I was advised of the gap period in April, I said we need to go and look at everybody she communicated with, because if there was an email in her box, it was on somebody else's as well, and we found 24,000.    Mr. Koskinen. There are emails----    Mr. Koskinen. And there are emails in which she wrote to the IT--sent to the IT department in 2011 saying, my hard drive looks like it doesn't work. It has crashed. Could you fix it? The hard drive was reviewed and worked on by IT, and they sent her a note back saying, we can't find any of the emails. She was, according to the emails, unhappy and upset that the emails had been lost. And they said, the only way to conceive of it would be to send it out somewhere with experts, and they didn't do that.    But they did have--there are contemporaneous emails, which, ironically, were provided to everybody in the end of 2013. So it is not as if there was a conscious effort to hide the issue that her hard drive had crashed. And she had, as you said, been very concerned and asked for help to try to fix it.    Mr. Koskinen. If he lied under oath to the Congress, we would have considered appropriate disciplinary action, which might have included termination.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, if he was performing in good faith--you are talking about did he intentionally either mislead or obstruct issues.    Mr. Koskinen. At that point, in fact, we would have a discussion. But that doesn't sound like he intentionally--if he was totally unaware, then you would have a serious question.    This is not a situation where the head of the organization was totally aware by any stretch.    Mr. Koskinen. Not a decision for me to make, but the distinction is people at Wells Fargo knew for the last couple years about that problem. No one at the IRS knew about the erasure of those tapes. This is not a situation where people knew something and were covering it up. Every time--we spent a significant amount of time trying to provide all the information we had.    Mr. Koskinen. That is my--all I know is what I read in the newspapers, and my understanding is that the question was that people knew 2 or 3 years ago.    Mr. Koskinen. I haven't read the details, so I can't tell you for sure. Again, to the best of my knowledge, it is--I don't know the details.    Mr. Koskinen. The answer to that is no one lied, no one covered up. And, in fact, the base issue, the mismanagement that led to the improper, totally improper, designation of organizations by their names, has stopped, notwithstanding the issue that there are three that have litigated and have not been decided. We are actually resolving those.    So I think the answer is, no one lied, no one covered up, and, in fact, we take very seriously the obligation to make sure that every taxpayer, no matter their political party, their beliefs, whether they go to church or not, whatever they do, deserves to be treated and needs to be treated, and that is our obligation to treat them fairly.    Mr. Koskinen. On these facts, the head of that organization would survive.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I appreciate that. As I have said, if I could, Mr. Chairman----    Mr. Koskinen . I have not resigned, A, because I don't think anything has been done that would merit that; B, after all of the, well, tugging and hauling and pushing over the last year, year and a half, my concern is if I am, in fact, forced out and I left, it will simply create a terrible precedent trying to recruit people from the private sector, as I came, on the ground that people can make allegations that are not necessarily subject to a full investigation, can simply make allegations charging you that there were threats of impeachment or censure, and a lot of people are going to say, why should I risk my career or my reputation to do public service in that context.    So my sense is we need to get the closure on this. Because I don't think impeachment is proper. And we need to demonstrate to people you can come into public service and you have an obligation to the taxpayers, you spend taxpayer money, you have an obligation to do your best and perform well. And in some cases, as we noted, on the Oversight Committee list, there are 18 out of 20 that they have so-called targeted that have left. And if you can't meet the expectations, you don't make progress, then you shouldn't be there.    But the total record here is not just (c)(4)s, where we have solved that problem. The total record over the last 3 years is the IRS and its employees have made tremendous progress dealing with a wide range of issues, and I am proud of the record.    Mr. Koskinen. Right. You are right, I have no idea how that happened when she arrived. As a general matter, at least at the IRS I can tell you that, we will, if we have an opening, an SCS opening, we will advertise it publicly and it will be open to both government executives within the IRS and across the government and private sector executives who will then have to qualify, determine that they meet the SCS requirements.    When they apply, there are--there is a preliminary screening of all the applications by a panel. There is a separate group of senior executives that then interview the finalists and make a recommendation then to the commissioner on the basis of that review. That second panel is--these are all career employees. The only political appointee at the agency is the commissioner and the chief counsel.    That recommendation goes to--in our case right now--that group are the two deputy commissioners and the chief of staff to the commissioner. They interview then the three or four final panelists and a recommendation comes----    Mr. Koskinen. You could tell them there have been six different investigations. The Internal Revenue Service has taken every recommendation they have control over and implemented it. The IG has reviewed the implementation of the IG's recommendation and said we have done a substantial progress, made additional recommendations for additional training before elections, which we have taken; that we have created a risk management operation and organization in the agency, where I have now talked to 22,000 IRS employees in person in townhalls and one of my pitches to them is everyone has to be a risk manager. Everyone has to raise their hand if they think anything is not going the way it should, if there is a mistake or a problem, so that we can deal with it. And I think you tell them we are committed, and I am personally committed, that that situation was intolerable and should never happen again.    As I said, you should be able to tell your constituents with a straight face that we--still do, even with constrained audits and resources, over 1 million audits this year. And I think the system won't work if people, when they hear from us, think that--wonder who I talked to the wrong way, did I go to the wrong meeting, does anybody know that I belong to this organization. People should be comfortable that the IRS process does not care who they are in person, what their political beliefs are, what organization they belong to, who they voted for.    If they hear from us, it is because of something in either their application or their return. And if somebody else had that same question, subject to resources, they would hear from us as well. The system will not work unless we can get taxpayers to understand that.    And I understand--the reason I took this job, was because I understand that the mistakes that were made, the intolerable operations, were corrosive to public confidence in the agency. We touch virtually every American, 150 million individual taxpayers file with us. They need to be confident that they are going to be treated fairly no matter who they are. And I am committed to that, and your constituents have to know we are committed.    The proof ultimately will be in the pudding. People have to see in our activities that we, in fact, treat everyone the same way. They are all treated fairly. That is our obligation.    Mr. Koskinen. My term expires, I think it is November, either 9 or 12 next year.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes, I have made it clear I serve--even with a fixed term, I serve at the pleasure of the President. So whoever the new President is can decide to make a change if they would like.    Mr. Koskinen. No, I have a fixed term. So unless I actually don't want to fill out my term, I serve at the pleasure----    Mr. Koskinen. I would.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. Sure. No. As I explained to the Chairman, I had just come back from abroad. And I had a hearing the next day. I explained to the Chairman I would be delighted to come any time. And I have been delighted on relatively short notice to be here today.    Mr. Koskinen. That is my testimony.    Mr. Koskinen. No. The Justice Department has a litigation, and that was what they provided. The IG reviewed this matter over a year and a half ago and agreed that we had terminated. I wrote a letter to all the oversight Committees saying it has been clear--however you call it, terminated, suspended, whatever----    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. Our----    Mr. Koskinen. Document.    Mr. Koskinen. No. It ends, and I will be happy to share with the Committee the instructions given to all people in the exempt organization decision with regard to this matter, and those instructions went out 3 years ago, and we will share that with you.    The other point----    Mr. Koskinen. No, the court did not----    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I can't speak for the Justice Department and the litigation. All I can tell you is we have provided all of the oversight Committees with the note that we have committed and have terminated the use of BOLO lists. The question about the three that were pending for 50 years, if you are involved with us and then you suddenly go to court, we don't continue to process the audit or the return.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct. I mean, if we did not--we were supposed to produce evidence. We could only produce the evidence we had.    Mr. Koskinen. I do.    Mr. Koskinen. We went to great lengths to respond to the congressional request. We provided----    Mr. Koskinen. Okay.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct.    Mr. Koskinen. No. We have produced all the documents. Our failure was, in fact, with the documents that we did not have. But we have produced, as I say, 1,300,000 documents.    Mr. Koskinen. That is correct. I did testify on the basis of what I knew, but it was not--turned out not to be accurate.    Mr. Koskinen. No. Actually, truthfully is what you know. Truth is, you know--if I had known it and I hadn't testified about it, that would be a lie. That would be untruthful. At the time, I testified--I have had over--close to 40 hearings. I have never----    Mr. Koskinen. No, actually, we produced all the emails we had. As I said at that----    Mr. Koskinen. No. At the hearing----    Mr. Koskinen. No. At that hearing we had a discussion about the fact that I can't produce emails that I don't have.    Mr. Koskinen. That was actually--I did not know it, but that was not accurate.    Mr. Koskinen. That is right. I thought it was true at the time.    Mr. Koskinen. Pardon?    Mr. Koskinen. You don't have to take my word. That was the inspector general's results after a year of investigation.    Mr. Koskinen. Never.    Mr. Koskinen. As I noted, the basic issue has been the management mistakes made in terms of identifying people for review just on their names. And all of those people are gone.    With regard to----    Mr. Koskinen. No, no. Now we are talking about since I have been there.    Mr. Koskinen. Can I explain that?    Mr. Koskinen. Okay.    Mr. Koskinen. I will tell you, on my watch we have ended the BOLO list. There is no evidence we are targeting any new organizations. We do have three that we suspended we are now going to process. Although, one has sued for an injunction to keep us from processing. But I would note in terms of the overall record, the IG spent a year, and looking at the tapes, found 1,000 emails. We produced 1,300,000 pages. So that----    Mr. Koskinen. No one has made a transgression that I think is a fireable offense.    Mr. Koskinen. No, I am not of--demoted.    Mr. Koskinen. I know a few have left.    Mr. Koskinen. No, nobody's been demoted.    Mr. Koskinen. I think that is probably right. Because we don't think that anybody consciously or purposely did anything to interfere with the investigation.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, I got another half a bottle left. So I am all right.    Mr. Koskinen. Thank you.    Mr. Koskinen. No.    Mr. Koskinen. Yes. And that is why, again, I understand the process is if the Committee wanted to charge me, they would go to the House, get a resolution past authorizing the Committee to proceed.    Mr. Koskinen. My understanding is that that is not true. If you look at how this Committee has conducted impeachment proceedings historically, the Committee has held hearings. There have been witnesses. There have been the right to cross-examination.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, obviously, there are grand jury proceedings where, in fact, the charge is presented to a grand jury that decides whether there is evidence. My understanding of the process----    Mr. Koskinen. My understanding of the process is historically the way the House has dealt the impeachment, and the way this Committee has dealt with impeachment, is the Committee has done--has a set of preliminary hearings. The Committee makes a resolution to the House that the House passes authorizing the Committee to proceed with a full investigation set of hearings and investigation. And then the Committee comes back to the floor of the House with the recommendation which would be the charge.    Mr. Koskinen. The charge is not made directly to the House floor. The charge comes in response to the Judiciary Committee having been authorized to start an investigation, holding the investigation, presenting witnesses----    Mr. Koskinen . And then going back to the floor.    Mr. Koskinen. Well, that is fine. Okay.    Mr. Koskinen. I am not familiar with the statutory issue.    Mr. Koskinen. I certainly am.    Mr. Koskinen. According to the archives.    Mr. Koskinen. Those are the official records, right.    Mr. Koskinen. Not all of her emails, but a chunk of them were surely. Some emails back and forth are not official records.    Mr. Koskinen. Exactly. The erasure should not have happened. It should----    Mr. Koskinen. No. Actually, I think, as you know, to violate a criminal statute you have to intend to violate that statute. Nobody in the IRS intended to violate any of the statutes. Nobody in the IRS intended to obstruct----    Mr. Koskinen. No. Again, I think you violate it when you consciously decide. Did we do it appropriately? Was it perfect? The answer is no. We have had an ongoing process with the National Archives about--we have an antiquated system--about making sure that we are capturing official documents and official records.    Mr. Koskinen. They are GS-4 employees of the IRS.    Mr. Koskinen. There were 90,000. We are down to 80,000.    Mr. Koskinen. I have no idea.    Mr. Koskinen. We have a lot of employees working the midnight shifts. We have, during filing seasons, regular--our systems have to be up and running 24 hours a day.    Mr. Koskinen. That is not correct.    Mr. Koskinen. What is correct is I waited 2 months after I learned of Lois Lerner's hard drive crash. I didn't learn about the erasure of the tapes until 2015, long after these hearings.    Mr. Koskinen. There are two sets of issues. One is Lois Lerner's hard drive crash in 2011; the other is the erasure in Martinsburg, which nobody knew until the IG reported it in 2015. So what I waited for was I had been advised there had been a hard drive crash. What I did was I said we need to then look at everybody who communicated with Ms. Lerner in that time to see how many of those emails we can capture. And that is how we captured 24,000 emails from that time period.    As I have said, in retrospect--there was no hearing in between times, but as--in retrospect, I should have actually advised the Congress while we were doing that search.    Mr. Koskinen. I will get to them as quickly as we can.