    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And welcome.    Today we are holding the last in a series of oversight hearings this committee has undertaken over the past 2 months. It is only fitting that we culminate by examining the work of the Office of Inspector General and seek their input on ways to improve the agency. The OIG is an independent office tasked with auditing, investigating, and making recommendations to SBA that help the agency fulfill its mission. The OIG plays a critical role protecting the taxpayers' investment in SBA.    In 2015, the OIG helped recover or save over $134 million. Every year, the OIG is tasked with informing this committee of SBA's top management challenges. This report not only helps with our oversight responsibilities, but also provides SBA with recommendations to address the challenges that are identified. Unfortunately, many of those issues are very longstanding problems, some going as far back as 1999.    One area of serious concern is small business contracting. The OIG again identified several shortcomings in SBA oversight and data collection, and in turn, the reliability of the reporting of small business contracting goals. Furthermore, both the IG and GAO have recently reported weaknesses in SBA internal controls that ensure only eligible firms receive contracts set aside for the women-owned small business federal contracting program.    Congress has given SBA the tools to address many of these problems, yet they remain unimplemented, and that is unacceptable. I look forward to hearing from the IG on ways SBA can improve the reporting on small business data and compliance with the small business minority and women-owned contracting goals. Another outstanding issue is the lack of oversight in the SBA-7 lending program. Though the agency has made progress, the IG continues to find fraud, waste, and abuse, particularly when loan agents are involved. The IG has recommended SBA assign unique identifiers to loan agents as a way to root out bad actors. I hope to explore this option during today's hearing and determine how we can better protect the American taxpayers.    Additionally, multiple IG audits have uncovered millions in improper payments made under the 7(a) loan program. Particularly troubling to me is the IG's finding that SBA is not adhering to its own practices and procedures when reviewing high dollar, early default loans. As the size of the agency's portfolio increases, SBA must be more diligent in overseeing the 7(a) approval and purchase processes to minimize risk or we may need to reexamine the size of loans SBA can make.    Finally, weaknesses in the administration of disaster loan programs continue to drag on at the agency. I cannot stress enough that this committee, the GAO, and the IG have all identified issues with disaster loan processing and we have implored the agency to implement the alternative loan programs enacted almost nearly 10 years ago.    I know Administrator Contreras Sweet has prioritized improving the Disaster Loan program, and I am hopeful the increased scrutiny of the administrator's changes as a result of the IG adding this program to the list of management challenges will lead to its overall improvement. I am confident that we can use the IG's expertise and insight to explore ways for SBA to improve the delivery of small business contracting lending and entrepreneurial development resources.    I look forward to hearing the IG's recommendations and working with you, Ms. Gustafson, to improve the SBA. I want to thank you for your presence here today, and I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Your office has repeatedly recommended that SBA should implement a women-owned small business certification program in tandem with the sole source authority granted in the 2015 NDAA. However, the agency moved forward with only the sole source provision. Can you discuss the risk that this poses to the integrity of the program?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. So my understanding is that SBA recently asked for comments on an Advanced Notice of Public Rulemaking for what a certification could look like for the women's program. Has your office made any recommendation as to what the agency should do to prevent fraud and abuse when implementing a certification program?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I am just afraid that they will use that as an excuse saying that they are waiting for you to provide the comments they requested.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. For years, OIG investigations have revealed a pattern of fraud by loan packagers in the 7(a) Loan program. Your office has recommended implementation of a registration system, including the issuance of a unique identifying number for each agent. However, the SBA has made only limited progress in implementing this recommendation. Can you explain how the implementation of a loan agent registration system will reduce fraud in the 7(a) program?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. What is the reason for SBA not to----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Very good. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. I just have one more question. This is an area that I have been deeply engaged in since 2005, when Hurricane Katrina struck, and we saw the poor response from SBA, particularly in terms of the disaster lending program and the processing times. As a result of that, we passed legislation in this committee that provided tools for SBA to be ready for the next disaster. We saw what happened during Sandy. Processing times took over 40 days and the decline rate was extremely high, to the point where I introduced legislation that the president signed into law, reopening for the first time in its history the Disaster Loan program, and the fact that tens of millions of dollars has been already disbursed shows that the need is still there.    My question to you is, since then the SBA has improved its response during recent disasters with loan processing times of less than 13 days; however, these events have not been of the magnitude of Superstorm Sandy or Hurricane Katrina, both of which resulted in significant delays. What level of confidence do you have that SBA will be able to respond as quickly as it has to another large catastrophe?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. With your help, it was a bipartisan effort, and we have to make sure the agency is ready because there will be another diaster.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. We cannot go back to them and say, I understand your pain, but we are not ready to provide the assistance that you need in a timely basis. Many of these businesses have to shut down their doors if they do not get the assistance they need in the next four weeks after a disaster strikes, and that is unacceptable.