    Mr. Stephan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Mr. Cohen, and other Members of the Committee; I am very grateful for the opportunity to testify here. I have devoted my entire professional life to the foreign relations law of the United States, both in the academy and in government service. I have no clients; I represent no one in this case. I am here to try and help the Committee if I can.    I speak in opposition to the bill under consideration. I wish to make three points. First, this bill, were it adopted as law, would likely harm the United States, as well as our allies by increasing exposure to litigation abroad.    Second, this bill is not likely to achieve its stated aim, which is to whole foreign states accountable for material support for terrorism and to provide justice for their victims.    Third, this bill would privatize the national security of the United States, contrary to any sensible antiterrorism policy.    Existing law already provides a right for victims of state-sponsored terrorism to seek compensation through litigation. What this bill would do is strip the executive branch of its proper authority, provided by this Congress, to determine which states sponsor terrorism, and to give that power instead to private litigants. Such a grave matter as identifying states that are mortal threats to U.S. interests should not be left to private lawsuits. To put it bluntly, if Saudi Arabia did provide material support for the 9/11 attacks, we should be responding with cruise missiles, not with plaintiff's attorneys.    And if they did not, seeking to extract money from them for the victims of those attacks may be justified on principals of charity and compassion, but not by justice. As you already have heard today, no country benefits from the international law of sovereign immunity more than the United States.    Moreover, our worldwide interests and responsibilities mean that we do many things that foreign lawyers and judges do not like, and might consider illegal, especially when we fight terrorism. At the end of the day, increasing the exposure of our antiterrorism effort to foreign legal liability does not seem like a sound way to fight terrorist threats.    Let me make this point concrete--in response to the judgement of the International Court of Justice requiring sovereign immunity, the Italian courts proved defiant. They struck down an act of their Parliament that had implemented this judgement, declaring that the rights of persons to litigate their claims in Italian courts overrides core principals of international law.    Italy, as already has been noted today, is also a country where courts have brought criminal prosections against U.S. officials involved in apprehending suspected terrorists. These prosecutions arguably violate Italy's treaty commitments to us. Enactment of this bill will encourage the Italian courts, already inclined to disregard specific rules of international law, as well as treaties, to create even more exceptions to sovereign immunities. This would expose the United States to severe litigation risks for counterterrorism activates.    Other countries will notice and respond accordingly, not only against us, but against our allies in this struggle, including the United Kingdom and Israel.    Next, it is very unlikely that this bill will achieve its stated purpose. Most states, when confronted with lawsuits in foreign courts that they regard as violating their rights under international law, refuse to appear. When default judgements result, they refuse to pay. This bill does not affect the incentives of foreign states to do exactly this.    As a result, the lawsuits the bill would permit are unlikely to unearth evidence that would identify, much less punish, state sponsors of terrorism, or to produce acknowledgement of culpability accompied by compensation.    Finally, there is something seriously wrong with privatizing American national security policy. Although Section 5 of the Senate bill allows the judge to stay the suit at the request of the executive, it does not require this. It still leaves it to the court and the litigants to decide when to do so. If they regard the efforts of the executive to unearth evidence of state support for terrorism is unsatisfactory, this bill gives them a green light to go forward.    It is therefore completely unlike the Iranian claims litigation, where the executive could require courts to stay lawsuits. Thank you for your attention; I am happy to take questions.    Mr. Stephan. Sir, the harm is, first, that you do not get the reckoning that people are looking for; you get no acknowledgement, you get no information.    Mr. Stephan. Secondly, those default judgements, in turn, become problematic. We have talked about Iran; we have talked about legislation that this Congress has adopted that extended the scope of assets associated with Iran that might be used to pay off some of those judgments. Iran has initiated a claim in the International Court of Justice based on a treaty we have with them.    And it is possible--I am not saying it is likely--but it is possible that the United States will end up being on the hook for the money paid to Iran. We have seen something like that happen with our terrorism judgments supposedly collected against Cuba. So, there are consequences. It is not an empty gesture.    Mr. Stephan. Thank you for the question, congressman. My response is, first of all, until very recently, the tort exception in the Sovereign Immunities Act has been used for what Congress thought it was doing; cases like the Makharadze automobile accident here in D.C. 20 some years ago. It has not been used as a way of dealing with what are fundamentally national security issues, although also issues of justice.    As to the antiterrorism provision that we have had on the books for 20 years now, in essentially every case where claims have been brought, there has been retaliation by the countries involved. Our response is we do not care what Cuba does, we do not care what Iran does, and I suppose you could say that law does not ultimately matter one way or the other. Our power will get us where our power gets us.    But if you believe that law matters, I think changing our law in the way that is proposed by the Senate bill will have implications in the laws in other countries, and I think those legal changes will have consequences.    Mr. Stephan. I would like to distinguish, sir, between the 1976 decision and the 1996 decision. As to the creation of the antiterrorism exception in 1996--and that was what I was referring to in my written remarks--that does require a separate judgment by the executive branch using criteria set out by this Congress. And what 1605(b) would do is eliminate that step. That was what I was referring to.    Mr. Stephan. Congressman Deutch, let me play law professor, if you will allow me, and put before you a hypothetical. In many parts of the world----    Mr. Stephan. Yes, sir, I will try to answer my own. In many parts of the world--not only in the Islamic world, but in Europe--it is believed that Israel is the real perpetrator of the 9/11 attacks. Suppose a victim of that attack files suit against Israel under this law.    Under the current bill as I see it, there is no barrier at which point discovery ensues, in which Israel will have to try and prove a negative; that in spite of its obvious interest in concealing under this--if I may so, paranoid account--but still one that is commonly believed. What is discovery going to look like, in that case? That, in a nutshell, is my concern.