    Ms. McSally. The Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security will come to order. The subcommittee is meeting today to examine CBP's procurement and use of technology to secure the Southern Border. I recognize myself for an opening statement.    First, let me say thanks for your patience. I know we are now nearly an hour behind. We will try to be as expeditious as possible. We value your time, but you never know when votes are going to come up. So I appreciate your grace and your patience with that.    The Southwest Border of the United States is home to nearly 2,000 miles of majestic, yet rugged and often treacherous terrain, terrain that makes Border Patrol access in some remote areas a mere impossible proposition. Manpower alone, while essential, will never be enough to secure the border. In order to enhance situational awareness, we need to leverage technological force multipliers that provide persistent surveillance across wide swaths of remote areas along the border.    Technology such as cameras, night vision goggles, motion sensors, and surveillance equipment have become critical elements of our border security operations. These technologies have enhanced agent safety, provide a constant monitoring of difficult-to-access areas, and extended situational awareness, and the ability to interdict criminal activity faster.    Aviation assets, such unmanned aerial vehicles, or UAVs, often considered UASs, unmanned aerial systems, equipped with advanced radar capabilities, have also refined our understanding of the significant threat that exists along the border, and help reposition and redeploy assets as the flow and the vulnerability shift. But technology cannot do any of these things if CBP's acquisition and procurement process cannot get these tools and the latest cutting-edge technology in the hands of the men and women on the ground in a timely fashion.    Situation awareness is contingent on feeding information from centralized operation centers far from the border down to the individual agent level, so they can actually respond accordingly. Technology has to be focused on meeting the immediate needs of the agent, and not stovepiped into a command center. I speak to this from first-hand information. I have more experience than I would prefer to have in some cases on, you know, time-sensitive targeting, on operations centers in the military, and so these challenges are similar as far as merging together information providing a good common operational picture, situation awareness, but not just to the generals, but to the troops and those that are actually doing the mission. So that is always going to be my sort-of frame of mind. Although it is not the same as in the military, there are similar challenges as far as using technology, fusing information, and providing real-time, near-time decision quality information to leadership and to those that are out there on the front lines.    CBP's border technology procurement efforts, to put it mildly, have a bit of a checkered history of not delivering timely acquisitions that include more failures than successes, including the Secure Border Initiative, coastal interceptor vessel, ultralight aircraft detection, and mobile surveillance capability, which have all become synonymous with a deeply troubled acquisition process. These procurements have run over budget, behind schedule, been subject to litigation, and wasted a good deal of taxpayer dollars to boot. In this time of limited budgets, we cannot afford to waste $1 billion on a failed system to learn what not to do. Border security cannot continue to be held back by a system that has an astonishing lack of urgency in getting it done for the people on the ground.    Our agents and officers in the field desperately need the capability they have asked for to do the job. But on the whole, I don't believe CBP's Office of Technology Innovation and Acquisition, OTIA, has delivered. OTIA's mission is to identify and acquire products and services to improve CBP's performance in securing the borders.    OTIA has been the lead agency responsible for acquiring technologies associated with the Arizona technology plant. As far as I can tell, the only procurement that is working well and is on budget is the integrated fixed tower program located principally in my district. However, this comes after chronic delays and the cancellation of SBInet. Now on track, Chief Vitiello recently certified to Congress that the program meets its operational requirements.    With the exception of that outlier, industry officials we have spoken to tell us over and over again, CBP's requirements are often poorly drafted, ill-defined, and, perhaps, most alarmingly not stable. Transparency is also a challenge as the CBP's ability to forecast their needs so industry can spend the research and development dollars to mature technology for use in border security applications.    The Government Accountability Office, GAO, has, on several occasions, criticized CBP for not following aspects of DHS's acquisition management guidance with the Arizona border technology plant and the lack of performance metrics to determine if the cost is worth the border security improvement.    As a result of CBP's troubling procurement record, I authored the Border Security Technology Accountability Act that ensures border security programs are meeting costs, schedule, and performance thresholds, and that technology is subjected to a rigorous independent verification and validation process. This legislation is vital to restore accountability, but it is being held up for reasons unknown in the Senate, even though it passed unanimously in the House.    I am interested to hear from our witnesses on how CBP conducts market research, forges for emerging technology, repurposes existing Department of Defense equipment, and collaborates with DHS's Office of Science and Technology to mature technology not quite ready for field deployment. Congress repeatedly asked a very simple question when it comes to border security: What will it take to gain situational awareness and operational control of the Southern Border? Up until now, the answer we received have been limited, or not backed up by a requirements process, similar to what the Department of Defense uses. In short, it was a guess.    The Border Patrol and Air and Maritime Operations are involved in an effort called the ``capability gap analysis process,'' or CGAP. It is an aerial-based exercise designed to ferret out tactical weaknesses in our border security defenses and, hopefully, inform the technological budget process. Congress expects the Border Patrol and Air and Marines to be able to quickly identify and justify the resources needed to secure the border. I am optimistic the CGAP process is a much-needed step in that direction.    Finding solutions to CBP's procurement woes and quickly meeting the technology requirements of the men and women charged with securing the border is the reason I am holding this hearing today. I look forward to the witnesses' testimony.    Ms. McSally. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Vela, for a statement he might have.    Ms. McSally. The gentleman yields.    Other Members of the committee are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record.    Ms. McSally. We are pleased to be joined by 4 distinguished witnesses to discuss the important topic today:    Ronald Vitiello, the acting chief of the U.S. Border Patrol. As a chief operating officer, he is responsible for the daily operations of the U.S. Border Patrol and assist the commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection in planning and directing Nation-wide enforcement. Chief Vitiello began his Border Patrol career in 1985, and has served in the Swanson, Tucson, and Laredo sectors.    Randolph Alles is the executive assistant commissioner for CBP's Office of Air and Marine, a position he has held since January 2013.    In this role, Mr. Alles is charged with overseeing the AMO mission of using aviation and maritime assets to detect, interdict, and prevent acts of terrorism, and the unlawful movement of drugs and other contraband from entering the United States.    Before joining the AMO, he spent 35 years in the United States Marine Corps--Semper Fi--retiring in 2011 as a major general.    Mark Borkowski became the assistant commissioner for the Office of Technology Innovation and Acquisition, or OTIA, at U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP, in July 2010. In this role, he is responsible for ensuring technology efforts are properly focused on mission, and well-integrated across CBP. Prior to his appointment as assistant commissioner, Mr. Borkowski was the executive director of the Secure Border Initiative, SBI.    Rebecca Gambler is the director in the House U.S.--sorry. Let me do this again--is a director in the U.S. Government Accountability Office, Homeland Security and Justice team, where she leads GAO's work on border security, immigration, and the Department of Homeland Security's management and transformation. Prior to joining GAO, Ms. Gambler worked at the National Endowment for Democracy's International Forum or Democratic Studies.    The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record. The Chair now recognizes Chief Vitiello for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Vitiello.    The Chair now recognizes Major Alles for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, General Alles.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Borkowski for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. Thank you, Mr. Borkowski.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Gambler for 5 minutes.    Ms. Gambler. Good afternoon, Chairwoman McSally, Ranking Member Vela, and Members of the subcommittee. I appreciate the opportunity to testify at today's hearing to discuss GAO's work reviewing DHS's efforts to acquire and deploy various technologies and other assets along U.S. borders. DHS has employed a variety of assets in its efforts to secure the Southwest Border, including various land-based surveillance technologies, unmanned aerial systems, or UAS, and tactical aerostats.    My remarks today will summarize some of GAO's past work on management and oversight of various surveillance technologies. I will also share some preliminary observations from our on-going work for this subcommittee reviewing CBP's use of UAS and tactical aerostats.    First, GAO has issued numerous reports on DHS's efforts to plan for, deploy, and manage land-based surveillance technologies under the former Secure Border Initiative and the current Arizona Border Surveillance Technology Plan.    CBP has made progress in deploying programs under the plan, including fixed and mobile surveillance systems, agent portable devices, and ground sensors, and these technologies have aided CBP's border security efforts. However, we have also reported that CBP could do more to strengthen its management of the plan and technology programs and better assess the contributions of surveillance technologies to apprehensions and seizures.    For example, CBP has previously experienced delays in some of its surveillance technology programs, and CBP's planned dates for initial and full operational capability for the Integrated Fixed Towers, for example, have slipped by several years.    We have previously reviewed CBP's schedules and life-cycle cost estimates for the highest-cost programs under the plan, and compared them to best practices. Overall, the schedules and estimates for the plans programs reflected some, but not all best practices, and we found that CBP could take further action to better ensure the reliability of its schedules and cost estimates by more fully applying those best practices.    CBP has taken steps towards addressing our recommendations in these areas, such as recently providing us with updated schedules for some of the planned programs, and we will be reviewing them going forward to determine the extent to which they address our recommendation.    Further, CBP has identified the mission benefits of its surveillance technologies such as improved situational awareness and agent safety. CBP has also begun requiring Border Patrol to record data within its database on whether or not an asset, such as a camera, assisted in apprehension or seizure. These are positive steps toward helping CBP assess the contributions of its surveillance technologies to border security. However, CBP needs to develop and implement performance measures and analyzing data it is now collecting to be able to fully assess the contributions of its technologies to border security.    Second, with regard to UAS and tactical aerostats, based on our on-going work for the subcommittee, CBP is currently operating 9 Predator B aircraft from 4 locations across the country. These aircraft may be equipped with video and radar sensors, and they are used for a variety of functions, including patrol missions to support Border Patrol and other law enforcement agencies and to monitor natural disasters, like wildfires or floods.    CBP operates the aircraft in designated airspace, and more than 80 percent of flight hours from fiscal years 2011 to 2015 were associated with designated air space along border and coastal areas.    CBP also operates 6 tactical aerostats along the border in South Texas, as Mr. Borkowski mentioned, and these aerostats assist Border Patrol in apprehension and seizures.    CBP's use of both UAS and tactical aerostat can be affected by various factors, such as airspace access and weather.    In closing, we are continuing to examine CBP's use of UAS, tactical aerostats, and other assets and technologies as part of our on-going work. We will also continue to follow up on actions taken by CBP in response to our recommendations for improving management and measurement of technologies deployed under the Arizona Border Surveillance Technology Plan,    This concludes my oral statement, and I am happy to answer any questions Members may have.    Ms. McSally. Thanks, Ms. Gambler.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions.    I want to start off with Ms. Gambler. Are you familiar with our Border Security Technology Accountability Act?    Ms. Gambler. I am, yes, Chairwoman.    Ms. McSally. Can you share, from your perspective and your expertise, and whether that is going to assist in any of the challenges that you have raised in the past and continue to be issues?    Ms. Gambler. Absolutely. That bill is very consistent with the findings and messages from GAO's prior work looking at CBP's efforts to deploy surveillance technologies. For example, the bill calls for making sure that technologies have acquisition program baselines in place, that the programs are monitored according to cost schedule and performance, and those address a number of the key findings that we have had related to CBP's technology programs. I might also add that it is reflective of leading practices and best practices for acquisition management.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    I just want to say, again, this has unanimously passed in the House. It is being held up in the Senate. It was reported out of committee. I mean, we are hearing, you know, rumors that it is being held up because our colleagues don't want us to have a win on any border security issue. I hope from, just your comments today and looking at the bill, that they would realize that this is a win for the taxpayers; this is a win for our improvement and processes for it being able to secure our border, and I hope we can get past the partisan bickering, and actually move this thing forward so we can put it into force.    Okay. Next question I want to ask, really, Chief Vitiello, General Alles, Mr. Borkowski. As I opened up, I mentioned, I think, some of the initiatives you are doing are increasing a good common operational picture and providing good information that might be good for intelligence assessment to understand, kind-of, you know, where the cartels are operating. But if we are not getting it into the agent's hand, if they are not getting the information that the people back in the operation center have, then, you know, we still have more steps to make, right? So that they can, not have information overload, but actually have the best situation awareness possible.    So of the technologies mentioned, or maybe some that are under development, which ones are actually in the hands of the agents that are out there intercepting the activity, or are they getting information over a radio? I want to--I just want to have a sense of, like, where they are in getting that information and what other initiatives might be in the pipeline in order to improve situation awareness for the agents that are out there?    Ms. McSally. But is that by voice? That is what I am trying to get at. You might have a ground sensor; you have got a predator flying; you have got the information from the IFTs. We have perfect situational awareness in the command center. Again, I have been there in the military, where you understate exactly where the traffic is, but then you are telling the poor guy, poor gal on the run on a radio, like, here is what is happening. Are there tools that is actually getting that situation awareness to the agent that is not just a voice call?    Ms. McSally. Great.    Is there anything, Mr. Borkowski, in the works? Again, when I was flying my A-10, I am actually talking to guys on the ground that are seeing what I am seeing, my targeting pod, so their situational awareness increased.    Ms. McSally. Yes. Okay. Thank you.    All right, we are going to do a couple of rounds here, but I wanted to give opportunity for others, including the Ranking Member of the full committee.    Ms. McSally. Thanks. I want to thank the Ranking Member of the full committee.    In our last hearing here in the District of Columbia, we highlighted some of these manning issues for the CBP Officers at the port of entry. It took about 18 months. The Border Jobs for Veterans Act, which we passed, such as my bill, supposed to fast-track our veterans. The goal would be 90 days, but there is still a lot of work to do and lot of concerns and challenges. But, really, everybody on the subcommittee and across the committee that we have heard, so I think we still have a lot of work to do.    Ms. McSally. Without objection. Thank you, Ranking Member.    Ms. McSally. The Chair now recognizes the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, Mr. Vela.    Ms. McSally. I agree with the Ranking Member. As long as it doesn't take 18 months for them to get a job. If we can get to that in less than 90 days and while they are still on active duty, that would be ideal. We have to keep working on that bill being implemented for the intent that it was supposed to be. So I appreciate it.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Rogers from Alabama.    Ms. McSally. The gentleman yields.    The Chair now recognizes Ms. Torres of California for questions for 5 minutes.    Ms. McSally. All right. Great. I am going to continue on with another round here. I have a lot of questions now that I have you all here.    So I want to follow up, the Arizona Technology Plan, when fully complete--well, let me start with this, actually, Chief Vitiello. Our first hearing I had when I took over, you stated that, of the 2,000 miles of the border, you have situational awareness of about 56 percent of that border, Southern Border, right now.    So for the Arizona Technology Plan, what percentage of that, of the miles of the Arizona border, did we have situational awareness of? Then, when complete, when it is fully rolled out, are we going to have 100 percent situational awareness so if it moves we see it, when the whole plan is implemented?    Ms. McSally. Okay. So I think maybe that is a definition issue. To me, that is operational control. Situational awareness is, if you see it--I mean, if it moves, you see it. That is, like, you know, metric No. 1. The second metric is, when you see it, you can get to it and stop it. That is the operational control piece, right?    So we were just trying to get a sense of, of the 2,000 miles of the border, if it moves and it is coming across the border, it is trying to breach, you actually see it. You may not be able to get to it, but you at least see it. So is there a different number that is not 56 percent?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Yeah, I think we just have different definitions of situational awareness. I mean, I appreciate that some of the VADER stuff and change detection you are doing is, after the fact, being able to look back and kind of see some of the changes that have happened, which is really important for intelligence and, you know, predictive analysis and all that.    Again, I am just a fighter pilot, and I am just trying to get down to, like, a simple metric of, if it is breaching, if it is about to cross the border, we see it in real time. In 2,000 miles of the border, where do we have--we may not be able to get to it, we may lose it, but we see it happening real time.    So, I mean, I don't want to waste a lot of time going back and forth on this, but I think that is one of the frustrations, I would say, of this committee and definitely of my constituents, is we don't know what the answer is as far as what can we see and then what can we actually get to? The price of drugs on the street is the best indication that supply and demand--there is still a lot of stuff that is getting through. I think that is fair enough.    I think you said it yourself. Once we deploy technology, we all of a sudden see all the stuff that we didn't see before. It is not that they just started coming; it is just you can now see it. Is that a fair statement?    Ms. McSally. Yep.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    So, going back to my original question, when the Arizona Technology Plan is complete--which I definitely want to make sure I understand when that is going to be complete, based on all the different parts of it--what level of, what you are kind-of calling situational awareness, but I guess what I am calling operational control--like, what will you be able to--real-time, you can see it moving across the border, what percentage of the, I think it is, you know, 360 miles of the Arizona border--it is the Arizona Technology Plan, so you are focusing on better technology for situational awareness in the Arizona border. What is the end goal? What is the end state?    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Okay. So 100 percent is the goal.    So can you give me the time line of when all of the elements of the Arizona Technology Plan will be complete, as of right now?    I don't know if that is for you to answer or you, Mr. Borkowski.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. The end of fiscal year 2019?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Just for expectations, too, for our constituents, in this fiscal year, what else is going in? I mean, the ranchers I was talking to last week----    Ms. McSally . You know, the IFTs--can we just get a rundown of what is going in this fiscal year?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    So, fiscal year 2019, if everything is on track, the Arizona Technology Plan will be complete.    I know, Ms. Gambler, one of the points that you have pointed out is there has not been an integrated schedule. They have been sort of the piecemeal schedule. Is that still something you think is needed for the Arizona Technology Plan or for additional plans moving forward in Texas or other areas?    Ms. Gambler. Yeah, two points there, Chairwoman McSally.    No. 1, we still continue to believe that an integrated master schedule for the whole plan would help CBP better oversee the extent to which it is completing all of the programs under the plan within expected time frames. I know CBP disagrees with that. We continue to believe in that recommendation.    Second, as I mentioned earlier, for 2 of the programs under the plan, CBP has updated their schedules just for those programs. We will be looking at those 2 schedules going forward--we just recently received them--to see the extent to which they meet best practices, which has been some of our other recommendations. So, again, that is sort of an open question for us, but it is progress that they have updated the schedules.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    I want to switch to a different topic, which is the use of tactical unmanned aerial systems or aerial vehicles. I know we talked about this in the first hearing I held.    I realize the Predator provides situational awareness sort-of at the operational or strategic level, but there are tools that are out there that we are currently using in the military where the agents could launch something that gives them situational awareness tactically.    I know you all mentioned that it is being looked into, but can I get a very specific answer as to whether there is a requirement and a move to provide tactical UAVs to our agents on the ground to improve situational awareness?    Ms. McSally. I agree.    Is one of the options--I don't know if there is any excess property from the DOD. Is one of the options excess property or just manufacturing capabilities that already are being deployed with the DOD as opposed to reinventing the wheel?    Ms. McSally. So what is the time line we are looking at for that?    Major General Alles, you can jump in.    Then, Ms. Gambler, I want to make sure there is a--you know, we don't want to have lessons identified that are actually lessons learned from past procurement buffoonery. So is this going along based on the lessons learned from previous procurement issues?    General Alles, do you want to pipe in?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great.    Ms. Gambler.    Ms. Gambler. Yep, this is something that we are touching on as part of some of our on-going work, looking at, you know, this kind of small UAS program. So that is something we can certainly follow up with you on and try to give you some more information on going forward.    But it will be, you know, important for them to proceed, you know, in line with kind-of good acquisition management, you know, good testing, best practices, to ensure that, you know, to the extent that they do end up deploying some type of a system, that it meets requirements and that it is rolled out according to cost, schedule, and performance expectations.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thank you.    I know I mentioned it last time, but Cochise College in southern Arizona is co-located there, and they have a great UAV program on the civilian side. They really want to have a conversation to partner on anything that might be rolled out, just to be able to, you know--not again having to reinvent training schools and operations that they already have on-going.    So I just want to lay that out there again, that I think these types of innovative partnerships like that would be really important if you are rolling anything like that forward.    I want to switch to ultralight detection. I think it was my first week in office, when I went back home, I got a full day with the Border Patrol team in the Tucson sector, to include a Black Hawk ride where a radar picked up a potential ultralight crossing, and we flew around in circles trying to find it. I was helping looking out the window, using my fighter pilot eyes, trying to help. It was like, you know, a needle in a haystack. It is impossible, as you know, very difficult to be able to detect these low-flying lightweight ultralights.    You know, the intended program to address that pretty much failed. So is there any additional technologies and programs we are looking at in order to solve this problem of the ultralight detection?    Ms. McSally. Why is it not urgent anymore?    Ms. McSally. Do we know why that is?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thanks.    Do we know--I guess this would be to Mr. Borkowski.    Are there any other DOD excess property or any other technology that we know exists within the DOD that you all are looking at to get your hands on in order to help with the situational awareness?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you.    Sorry. I am just firing off a bunch of questions here.    But I think it was in our first hearing I also asked a question about looking at putting VADER on manned aircraft. This is something that has been done in the past in other departments. Is there any looking into that, due to the limitations, both airspace and weather, of, you know, the Predator ops?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Thanks.    Then, in between the tactical UAVs and the Predator, are there any other UAVs? There is a whole swath in that middle area there that are smaller and potentially cheaper. Is there any investigation or requirement that you are looking at to procure any, sort-of, mid-level UAVs? I just made up that terminology, but you know what I am saying--not quite the ones that the agents are deploying but not quite the Predator.    Ms. McSally. Yep.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks.    I want to move into the, kind-of, procurement process big picture. I know a lot of the things that Ms. Gambler, the GAO has pointed out, trying to move DHS more in line with practices in the DOD. Although I serve on the Armed Services Committee, and I will tell you, you know, there are good things about the DOD acquisition process, but that can also be quite painful and slow and bureaucratic and not nimble. By the time we get through all the machinations of the process, the technology has already changed, and, you know, we are late to the game.    So we are actually putting in, you know, the defense bill and additional legislation some changes to that process. So you don't necessarily want to mirror all of the DOD. You want to take the best of it but not the painful amounts of it. So, I mean, is that part of what is being looked at? Or are we just trying to mirror the DOD?    One of the issues in the DOD is getting project managers, contracting officers. It is basically human resources, human development, making sure we are recruiting, training, equipping, and keeping, retaining, you know, those that have this unique expertise that, thank God, I never had to have in the Air Force myself.    But on the manpower side and the development of expertise, I just wanted to hear perspectives on that and what is being done to address that issue.    Ms. Gambler. Sure.    So your first question first, on kind-of the DHS acquisition management process. I think the bottom line of GAO's reporting on this has been that, across the Department, not just with CBP but across the Department, DHS has a fairly sound, knowledge-based process for managing its acquisition. So that kind of foundational process, from our perspective, is in place.    Where DHS has fallen down has been on the execution. So what I mean by that is ensuring that acquisition programs go through that process, have approved acquisition documents before they move to the next phases in the process. That is where, kind-of, DHS has fallen down in terms of implementation. Again, they are making progress, but they still have a ways to go.    I might add that DHS acquisition management challenges are part of the reason why DHS management more broadly is part of GAO's high-risk list. So that is point No. 1.    The other point that I would make with regard to having the right acquisition management personnel in place to manage these programs, that also has been a challenge that GAO has reported on across the Department. It has also been something we have reported on related to CBP.    Some of the challenges that we identified in our last report regarding why some of the programs under the Arizona Technology Plan were not meeting schedule had to do with CBP and OITA not always having the resources in place they needed to manage the acquisitions, review some of the proposals, and that kind of thing.    So that, I think, has been a challenge in the past for DHS and for CBP.    Ms. McSally. Mr. Borkowski, do you want to add anything to that?    Ms. McSally. Are you actively recruiting from the DOD those that are separating or retiring?    Ms. McSally. It seems like that is where the experience would be, right?    Ms. McSally. So, I mean--although maybe they are leaving and they want to go do something else. But, certainly, if they have the experience in program management, that would be, you know, transferable skills.    Ms. McSally. Okay.    I am going to keep going here. I have a couple more.    Chief Vitiello, I don't know if it is for you or General Alles or both. Can you let us know when the CGAP analysis is going to be available or to be shared with us here in Congress?    Ms. McSally. Okay.    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Great.    General Alles.    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thank you. Yeah, let's follow up. I don't know if some of it is Classified, but maybe with a briefing we could do later on, just to kind-of see where we are at.    You mentioned it, Chief Vitiello, but the actual agents are part of that process, right? It is not just the sector leadership and above?    Ms. McSally. Yeah.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks.    General Alles, I want to follow up on my earlier question on getting information to the agents. I know the Big Pipe allows the Predator feed to get to a desktop, but is there something in the works to actually get it to an iPad or something that is more mobile for the agents?    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks.    I also want to ask you, General Alles, about--the National Guard has been supplementing with, you know, some of the air assets, but this last year my understanding is that their number of hours or support was cut in half.    When you guys are doing the CGAP analysis, are there assumptions made on National Guard capabilities that are a part of your plan, or are they assumed to not be there? How is that impacting your operations or the gaps?    Ms. McSally. Okay. Great. Thanks.    Mr. Borkowski, can you talk about how you are sharing requirements with industry so they can spend their R&D dollars to meet, you know, agents' needs? Or how do you engage with industry earlier in the process, you know, searching for new technology?    Ms. McSally. Right.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks.    All right. I am about to wrap up, but I want to give the opportunity for all the witnesses, if there is anything else that you didn't get to share in your opening statement or through the questions that came out. Is there anything else that any of you want to present on the record for the committee?    Chief.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks, Chief.    General Alles.    Ms. McSally. Absolutely. Thanks, General Alles.    Mr. Borkowski.    Ms. McSally. Absolutely. Those are the same types of discussions we are having, by the way, on the Armed Services Committee related to the DOD.    Ms. Gambler.    Ms. Gambler. I just want to say thank you for inviting us to testify today.    Just some of the last items that we were talking about here, in terms of ultralight detection, the CGAP process, technology metrics, we do have on-going work for the subcommittee in a number of those areas. So we would be happy to follow up with you and your staff to brief you at any time, and look forward to that work coming out in the future here as well.    Ms. McSally. Great. Thanks, Ms. Gambler. I appreciate it.    All right. I want to thank all the witnesses for your valuable testimony and the Members for their questions.    The Members may have some additional questions for the witnesses. We will ask you to respond to these, please, in writing. Pursuant to committee rule 7(e), the hearing record will be held open for 10 days.    Without objection, the committee stands adjourned.