    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Doctor, good to see you again. Thank you for the work you are doing here.    I want to kind of follow-up a little bit on what my colleague from Indiana was questioning about. I think clarity is, obviously, very important and we don't want to be over burdensome on new technology. We don't want to stifle the entrepreneur that is going to be out there that is going to be making the investment because this is investment. It is an investment in an unknown area knowing where the regulators are going to fall into.    But I think we all are looking for just an idea of where the floor is. So, if they are going to be investing, they can be investing in the right direction. And so I would like you to speak a little bit on that. Where do you feel like the floor is going to be so we can move forward with this technology? I will be honest with you, I am not a big fan of it. I like driving. I mean my wife drives an SUV that has got the adaptive cruise. I can't stand it. Every time I get close to a line, it vibrates on my back side because of the seat and it just scares the living daylights out of me but I get it. My wife loves it.    And so I see the need for it for those that like the idea. So, as the technology moves forward, if you could give us some direction on where you are moving so we can work with you on it.    Mr. Mullin. The vibrating part?    Mr. Mullin. Right.    Mr. Mullin. Some of the manufacturers that I have heard from, though, they are fearful of sharing the technology. This is a race to the finish line. The only problem is, we don't know where the finish line is.    Mr. Mullin. Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to the panel for being here.    Ms. MacCleery, I couldn't agree more that it does unnerve you a little bit when you are switching lanes, when you are in traffic and you have got to get over and you have to steer into it, which is why I absolutely cannot stand it on my wife's vehicle. But I get the need, too. Look, it is about safety, to Mister--is it Shapiro? I am so sorry. I get the safety part of it but I am from a very rural part of the country. In fact, just to get to my house, you have got to go four miles down a country road and that is off of a two-lane road that is the nearest four-lane highway is I don't know. It is a long way away. And we pull a lot of trailers. There are trailers behind a truck. If you are with me on a weekend, I have probably got a trailer behind me.    How does this technology affect that? There are so many variances that go into place. I heard you talking about truck drivers. The way the trailer is handled behind a vehicle, the weight, it would depend on how they are loaded. It would depend on the bumper pull of if it has got a gooseneck on it. It would depend on if you are running cattle or if it is an RV. I mean it all changes and it all changes to feel the vehicle.    How does an automated vehicle correct that and change that, not to mention you are going down dirt roads and country roads?    Mr. Mullin. Drinking what?    Mr. Mullin. No, I agree. Look, in my district, 12 percent of my population is over 70. To go get groceries, it is typically a 30-minute drive because it is 15 there and 15 back. That is on average. That is in my district, average.    Mr. Mullin. They would be shot down if they flew around our place.    Mr. Mullin. No.    Mr. Mullin. But the more of it comes--and I get that. I am not against technology. Look, our company, we are always investing in technology. It is great. It is wonderful but it can become a distraction. You can't depend on a computer to understand when a horse falls in your trailer. You can't. You can't feel that. You are talking about the safety of the animal, at that point. And if you are not paying attention to it, it goes away.    And I understand technology but I am not so sure that it is going to be a fix-all. In major metropolitan areas, OK, I get that. But if you put a mandate out there on it, you are going to take away the freedoms. You are going to take away the ability for the driver. You are going to take away the feel of the vehicle.    My kids, my oldest one is 12 years old and we are literally already teaching him how to drive on a farm because in Oklahoma, at 14 you can get your driver's license to drive on a farm. And you are going to be driving a trailer. You have got to feel that. You have got to know what it feels like. And you can't, you are not going to get that through vehicles. I am going to have a hard time believing that a machine is going to be safer than me when I have got everything paying attention to it.    Granted if I am drinking, which I don't, but I am just saying I get that. I understand that. But I am not so sure this is going to be perfect and I don't want to rush and put it out there. I think there is going to be areas to where it would be great.    Mr. Mullin. That is what a brush guard is all about because those things jump in front of you.    Mr. Mullin. I can't predict when a deer jumps in front me. That is what a big brush guard is for. You just hit them and go one, I guess. I don't know.    Mr. Mullin. No, I get that. Look, I have got five kids coming up, too. I mean my oldest one, like I said, is 12 and I know how bad of a driver I was when I was 16. And we can all say that.    And so I want to be as safe as possible. I don't want anybody to lose their child. I don't want anybody to have to go through that but I want to make sure we are cautious moving forward.    So, thank you to the panel for being here. I appreciate you.