    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I don't know if you can do it in this setting or not, but one of the things that concerns me is the link between Russia and Iran, the new amount of money that Iran now has, obviously, to purchase weapons, most of which would likely come from Russia, and the impact that that may have on the strategy in Syria.    General Stewart. One of the things that we assess, in addition to Russia moving into Syria to prop up the Assad regime, is Russia's ability to demonstrate their advanced weapons capabilities, to buyers in the Middle East and across the globe. So we certainly expect that this show of capability as Iran gets additional resources as they come out of the sanction regime could lead to Iran purchasing advanced weapon systems from the Russians.    We have already seen them go through with the deal of the S-300. There is discussion about some of their aircraft that the Russians are using in the region. So I fully expect that Iran will use some of their resources to continue to modernize their military forces and that their supplier of choice will likely be the Russians.    Mr. Scott. General, they already have the ability in Iran to hit a multitude of countries in the region, dozens of countries in the regions. The thing that they did not have was a quality targeting system and then questions about the actual capacity of the warhead, if you will, on the missile. Do you believe that our sanctions will hold in keeping them from getting better targeting and stronger warheads?    General Stewart. Our sanctions in the past have not kept the Iranians from developing the most sophisticated ballistic missile capability in the region, capable of reaching all of their potential adversaries, capable of reaching into Europe. They have not only built a very robust missile technology; they have improved their accuracy; they have improved their mobility. I don't see them changing that trajectory because their missile capability is a way to confuse, confound our actions, and it is a guarantee for the regime.    So I don't see sanctions changing that trajectory at all. I think as we lift sanctions, in fact, there is increase in likelihood that they will find ways to improve lethality, mobility, range of all of their missile systems.    Mr. Scott. Gentleman, thank you for your service. I will save the remainder of my questions for the next hearing.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder of my time.