    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Over the last few years a number of high-profile network compromises have left the private personal information on literally millions of people exposed, often taken from supposedly secure private sector and Government computer networks. Some of the attacks appear to come from foreign governments, as Mr. Hice was just exploring; some of them simply from criminals.    The highly publicized compromise of JPMorgan Chase's network let the personal information of 76 million households and 7 million small business customers flow out of company servers. Over the past eight years, the private records of nearly 30 million New Yorkers were exposed by data breaches. The USIS and KeyPoint compromises resulted in the theft of sensitive information from the background investigations of nearly 70,000 employees of the Federal Government.    Now, in a lot of compromises like this, what mitigates some of the damage done is data encryption. While it is obviously unfortunate if a company or agency is hacked, employees or customers can take some solace in the fact that, if their data was encrypted, their personal information is not at risk, even though it was exposed. If you can't read it, you can't use it.    Mr. Wilshusen, my question is for you. Over the years, GAO has conducted a number of assessments of cyber issues related to the Federal Government. When agencies do not have encryption policies in place, how does that affect what you are finding in your investigations?    Mr. Cartwright. Very good. So it is the quality of the encryption that matters very much.    Mr. Cartwright. But then also the consistency of using encryption all the time. My understanding is that private companies and even some Federal agencies are under no pressure to use encryption at all times, even when that data has been determined to be considered sensitive. My question is, again, Mr. Wilshusen, is that true? And what concerns does that create? And is it something Congress should be looking into further?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, it is not just a question of what is, but it is also what should be. What do you think, does Congress have a role in enforcing and requiring encryption?    Mr. Cartwright. How about you, Dr. Fischer? Weigh in on that for us.    Mr. Cartwright. Well, this is a fascinating topic, but I am out of time, so thank you, gentlemen.    I yield back.