    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair. I thank you for the indulgence. I don't sit on this subcommittee, but I did have a couple questions and mostly for Mr. Severns.    I appreciate you doing what you do. It is difficult out there, and there is nothing like the water issue in California. I cannot impress upon that enough. I think that when I talk to my other colleagues in Congress, there is nothing that we talk about more. I tell them this is a national emergency. You don't understand what is happening in California, and I think that they will come about August of this year. You will see the impacts.    But the zero allocation, I think that people don't get that. That you don't get any water unless you are pumping it from the aquifer or from your wells. That is how we are getting water to our farms in California right now. And the aquifers are being depleted in some areas. Some areas have plumes that they cannot be taken out of anymore, and it is getting more and more difficult.    But my questions are more specific to what we are talking about today with the disease that is happening. I understand in Florida that it has taken over many of the areas. Has the California legislature taken this as an issue? Have they seen this as something that could strike the citrus industry in California, or are we waiting until this becomes a bigger problem?    Mr. Knight. Okay. And I guess my next question is to Dr. Rogers. Have you seen in the last, maybe couple of years that Florida has been going through this advancements that are now making it so we can extend a orchard to where we couldn't have 4 years ago, or----    Mr. Knight. Okay. And, Mr. Murden, you brought up a subject, the Mexican fruit fly that we have been dealing with for many years. Tell me how that is affecting in Texas. Is it affecting the situation worse than it was 20 years ago? Have we kind of maintained this?    Mr. Knight. Thank you very much.    Thank you, Mr. Chair. Thank you for bringing this forward and talking about this issue.