    Mr. Beck. Usually I don't need a microphone but I'll tone myself down today.    Good morning Mr. Chairman, and the rest of the committee members. My name is Dennis Beck. I am president or chairman of the Western Pennsylvania Coalition for Abandoned Mine Reclamation, otherwise known as WPCAMR. We have a sister organization called EPCAMR, which is the eastern Pennsylvania coalition.    The coalition appreciates the opportunity to appear today and share our views and concerns on the effects of the waste coal-to-energy plants in restoring the degraded environment in coal-producing areas, especially in Pennsylvania. I am expressing support for House bill 3797, the SENSE Act, which will help establish the standards for EPA to regulate waste coal-to-energy plants. Our efforts focus on returning abandoned mine lands and waste coal piles to productive use, improving water quality, and reducing hazards to health and safety, thus improving the local economy and enhancing the quality of life.    Today, the runoff from these waste coal piles is polluting our surface and ground water supplies for several miles around the piles with other numerous impacts on our environment. Chemicals such as mercury, selenium, chromium, lead, aluminum, iron, and manganese are seeped out of these coal piles into our water supplies.    Where I live in Cambria County we are at the head waters of the Ohio River and Pennsylvania is also part of the head waters for the Chesapeake Bay. So any pollution that rolls off these coal piles affects everyone downstream. Changes in the PH in these streams destroys aquatic life from the macro invertebrates to fish. None survive in it, from some of the pictures that Vince had shown.    Here is an important part: if left alone, many of these piles will self-ignite. We have got 40 piles in the state of Pennsylvania that are burning at this time. In Lackawanna County, in 2014 Pennsylvania's DEP had to extinguish that pile. It cost them over $2 million to extinguish the one pile that was burning.    The three coal generation plants in my county have significantly improved and impacted our county. They have burned over 25 million tons of waste coal while supplying electricity to the 280,000 residences. The three plants employ 200 people directly, and indirectly 300 more. They have reclaimed over 525 acres of abandoned mine lands, contributed over $25 million to the local community since they have been put in place and have won numerous state and environmental and safety awards since 1992.    I just want to talk a little bit about two of the reclamation sites in Cambria County. In Revloc, the Blacklick Creek was a dead stream for several decades. That has been restored. Over 100 acres of land have been restored. The south branch of the Blacklick is now designated as a cold water fishery by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission and it is eligible for fish stocking for the local fishermen.    In Washington township, there has been 3.5 million tons of waste coal removed. In its place, there are four ball fields, two and a half miles of walking trails, a community hall, a coal miners monument and a bell tower. It is now a gathering place for the entire community both young and old, improving the vitality of a once dying community. A contractor has also subdivided numerous acres for housing growth in that area.    Another one of these big projects that was undertaken is called the Big Gorilla project in northeast Pennsylvania. It cost DEP $4.5 million to reclaim those acres, and they estimated if the waste coal plants had not come in to take the waste coal out of there that reclamation cost would have been $80 million and it cost $4.5 million to get it cleaned up and restored.    I want to look at net benefits. Several people have talked about the benefits of cleaning these sites up and stuff that we have put on it. I have mentioned a couple of them. Let me just mention what would happen if they are not cleaned up. There is over 5,000 piles of waste coal left in Pennsylvania. There are 40 of them burning at this time. If they are left alone, numerous more are going to self-ignite and what comes off of those piles in the smoke and the steam that come off of there are, again, your mercury, your sulfates, your chlorides, hydrogen sulfide. You have polycyclic organics, which are phenols, coming off of there in that smoke. Furthermore, let me mention this one also.    EPA has indicated from past statements that because of the unique environmental benefits that coal refuse-fired electric generating units provide, these units warrant special consideration so as to prevent the amended NSPS, the new source performance standards, from discouraging the construction of future coal refuse-fired plants in the U.S. and that is in the ARIPPA report that was updated. It is a white paper updated on October 5th of 2015.    We feel it is not equitable and one regulation does not fit all the plants the same. It's an over-burdening and unfair regulation and we support Rep. Rothfus' House bill that will examine the EPA regulation on emissions of these waste coal plants.    We feel that waste coal plants provide a greater benefit to the environment, communities and residents of the unregulated coal mining regions of the past. The amount of pollution removed and streams restored to new life must be considered as greatly beneficial to the people of the United States.    Mr. Beck. Three lines. Three lines.    Mr. Beck. These waste plants are a great example of ingenuity, cutting-edge technology and concern for the environment. The positive impact of the waste coal burning plants include enhancements on land, water, air, living organisms as well as social, cultural, and economic environments.    And thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Beck. Why did they what?    Mr. Beck. Mr. Brisini worked for DEP too so I think he----    Mr. Beck. On the mercury--70 percent on the mercury, did you say?    Mr. Beck. That was my understanding of the rule that they were going to put a blanket over it and require all the coal-fired power plants to reduce mercury 70 percent.    Mr. Beck. I am not sure what the amounts are or the concentrations are on the anthracite coal that they have out there. But I know about the waste bituminous coal and the regular bituminous coal plants.    Mr. Beck. The problem is 70 percent of 8 ounces. The one waste coal plant did a stack emission test----    Mr. Beck . On 8 ounces----    Mr. Beck . And found 8 ounces per year coming out of the stack on an actual emissions test and the larger normal coal plants which burned the deep coal or the strip mined coal the one was producing 1,600 pounds of mercury here.    So, 70 percent of 1,600 pounds--that is a lot of emissions coming out. But how do you reduce 8 ounces by 70 percent? That is probably not detectable.    Mr. Beck. They would have to spend a lot of money to try to get it down that low.    Mr. Beck. And it would probably put them out of business. And my issue with that is if the small waste coal burning plants go out of business there are going to be more piles that ignite and throw many times more mercury into the atmosphere than the waste coal plants ever did.