    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Chairman. Mr. Secretary, when you testified before the committee in February, you said, ``The law rightly shifts responsibility for developing strategies to support the highest need students in schools to State and local decision-makers and away from the one-size-fits-all mandates of No Child Left Behind, and it creates opportunities for States to reclaim the goal of a rigorous, well-rounded education for every child.''    I could not agree with your words more at that point and I appreciate hearing that perspective, yet your proposal would require State accountability systems to provide a single summative rating for each school.    How is this proposal not a one-size-fits-all mandate that will stifle State efforts to reclaim the goal of, your words, a ``rigorous, well-rounded education''? And can you commit to upholding your original commitment to this committee when you publish the final rule or are you veering away from that original promise that you made?    Mr. Thompson. I think the intent of Congress was very clear and, in the end, this is very bipartisan, as you know, as we finished.    It tends to work that way in that process here through refinement and I think at all costs, we want to avoid a cookie cutter, a one size fits all. Does that really describe what No Child Left Behind became, especially in the outer years beyond the authorization time for it when it was allowed to continue? And we really, really need to make sure that we are providing that type of flexibility. And I think it really comes down to, and I have talked about this among my colleagues here, it is a question of trust and, in the end, members of Congress demonstrated in a bipartisan way, bicameral way, which is really unusual these days, a trust of the States and the local governing boards. And we expect that you will do the same thing and that your department will do the same thing to have that trust.    I wonder, the recent issue came to my attention. Last week, your accreditation staff announced it was recommending to terminate the Federal recognition of the Accrediting Council of Independent Colleges and Schools, and the National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity is meeting right now to decide their independent recommendations. It is somewhat related, a little bit outside the ball park here today, but I just wanted to take the opportunity to ask you on this since you are here and I appreciate you being here.    Now, these actions are only recommendations. However, as you have the ultimate authority to decide the fate of ACICS, as you know, the ACICS is one of the Nation's largest accreditors responsible for accrediting approximately 250 schools, serving 320,000 students, and terminating the recognition of an accreditor this large would be unprecedented. And, therefore, I am concerned that the Department is ill-prepared to respond to the potential impacts of this move.    Is the Department prepared with a plan to assist goals if they lose accreditation? And does the Department have the capacity available to process a change of accreditation requests for schools that seek alternative accreditation?    Mr. Thompson. Should this go into a final recommendation by you then, you would certainly allow the schools to give him the sufficient time to find a new accreditor to make that transition.    Mr. Thompson. That would be very good. I would love to talk offline with you about how schools are doing great by their students but some are having problems with their accreditors.