    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Madam Chair, for holding this hearing. Today we are focussing on the outfitter and outdoor guide business that holds permits to conduct business on Federal land. I understand from the testimony that these organizations are looking for an exemption to the Federal minimum wage rule so that workers will be paid less than the $10.10 required in the President's executive order.    I always support the rights of businesses to earn a profit in their chosen field. However, I do not support their right to earn extra profits at the expense of hard-working Americans. Just as business owners must provide for their families, so must the people who work for them. We must strike a balance between competing interests. I hope that today's testimony can help us to do so with respect to the outdoor industry.    I want to also note that decades of research have shown that raising the minimum wage raises economic growth, and raising the minimum wage is one of the most effective economic tools we have to ensure that the American working class retains its position as the most affluent in the world, a destination it's recently lost.    President Obama's Executive Order 13658 established a minimum wage of $10.10 for businesses that contract with the Federal Government. The order was based on a well-supported finding that raising the pay of low-wage workers increases the quality of their work; more importantly, enables them to support themselves and their families. It should be noted that 29 States and the District of Columbia as well as 21 cities and counties have set their minimum wages above the $7.25. It is also important to note that data has shown that an individual that makes the current $7.25 minimum wage earns about $15,000 a year. Now, let's assume that a husband and wife with two children both make the minimum wage and work full time. That's a gross income of approximately $30,000. You break that down to monthly and weekly, having to feed, clothe, provide housing. I'm from Michigan. There is no public transportation, so cars, insurance, and gasoline.    We are creating a society that I feel has effectively been addressed through the President's executive order, and I do believe firmly that I have the responsibility in this Congress to ensure that, in America, that those who are working every day have what they call an opportunity and resources. If they work every day hard, and they do their jobs, that they can, at minimum, support their families and not be in poverty.    Thank you so much, and I look forward to the testimony today. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Representative.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And thank you, gentlemen, for your information here today.    My first question goes to Mr. Lazzeri, correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Can you explain why the outfitter and guide business was no longer exempted from the FLSA, Fair Labor Standard Act, starting in 1977? It is my understanding that the exemption was removed, and today, the discussion again centers around making those businesses exempt so that the Federal minimum wage would no longer apply. Can you tell me the history, why was it removed?    Mrs. Lawrence. Can you tell me why the Department of Labor, why are the outfitter and guide businesses, which hold permits, are required to be covered by the executive order?    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Cottingham, can you explain to me, you mentioned your industry and the services you provide, which are very impressive. Why should the people who work on Federal lands in the outfitter and guide industry make less money than other employees by Federal contractors on those very same lands, why?    Mrs. Lawrence. Uh-huh.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes. I have a followup question.    Mrs. Lawrence. In your timekeeping requirement for your employees, aren't there guides that when they're on several days, they have logs of sleep time and interruption, so if a person is out on one of these, there is actual--they are not on the clock for the whole 24 hours; aren't there logs for sleep time and interruptions?    Mrs. Lawrence. But it's not a 24-hour. If someone is out on a--they are not paid for every single hour that they are----    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. I have another question.    Mr. Brown, you stated something that it was kind of what I--a point I wanted to make. You said that you--it's a rural area, and there is poverty, and the jobs that we're talking about aren't only young college students. They are not only the people who are entry level. The type of jobs that we're talking about sometimes sustain, in those rural areas, employment and income on off-seasons for people in your area; is that correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes, that's my point.    Mrs. Lawrence. But it's also supplemental for those who live in that area.    Mrs. Lawrence. For working adults.    Mrs. Lawrence. But they hold these jobs we're talking about, correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. They do hold these jobs we're talking about, working----    Mrs. Lawrence. --adults. Thank you.    Mrs. Lawrence. But they have the same job classification.    Mrs. Lawrence. But they are classified as outfitters, correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes. Thank you.    Mrs. Lawrence. I just want to say I have to go to another committee meeting, but my goal on my bucket list is whitewater rafting. So I may see you gentlemen soon.    Mrs. Lawrence. Well, I get to determine what level of the whitewater rafting. That's the only thing.    Gentlemen, today I hear the concerns of the industry. Mr. Lazzeri, can you please tell me if with the executive order, is it immediate, is there a phase-in? What would be the impact or the timeframe on the impact that this executive order will have on this industry?    Mrs. Lawrence. I have a question. There's a lot of concern because the businesses are operating as you are now, but we're saying things like it's going to have--Mr. Brown, you stated it's going to result in unemployment and reducing of pay. What is your data and where do you get that data from? Is it a concern? Has it been documented? Where does that----    Mrs. Lawrence. Two things that I heard. I firmly believe that raising the minimum wage has a positive impact on all of America, and I'm very strong on that. But I do also understand that in doing business that you need the opportunity to make those adjustments, and there is an immediate impact.    Mr. Lazzeri, you have stated that there has been some training. I would like for the record, what are you doing to assist these companies in the transition? Some of the things that were stated by Mr. Cottingham and Mr. Brown in this industry you're already doing because you already have individuals who are performing these tasks and you are keeping because you have a Federal contract now and you do have to separate the activities. So I don't see that as being an additional burden. I see that as you doing business.    The last question I have. How long, Mr. Cottingham, have you been in the business?    Mrs. Lawrence. Wow. So I would consider you a pro. What I want stated for the record, during that time, the fee that you charge for individuals participating in your services, they've been increased over the years. Correct?    Mrs. Lawrence. But over the, let's say the last 10 years, you've increased the fees, I'm sure.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes. And the point I want to make is the cost of living has increased and you had to make business decisions, people who work every day are confronted with that same issue, and fundamentally that's why I am a very strong component of increasing the minimum wage. And as businesses must do what they need to do to meet their bottom line because we need strong industry, across the country they're making those decisions to raise the cost of their services.    I drive an automobile. There's never been the same price, but we also need to be focused on the cost. But I feel that the--we should support you in preparing you for that so you can make the right decisions.    Thank you.