    Mr. Buck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Blanco, quick questions for you. You mentioned in your opening statement that asset forfeiture is designed to break the financial backbone of organized criminal syndicates and drug cartels. Correct?    Mr. Buck. And I take it you were in the Southern District of Florida. My memory was that there were huge minimums in order to justify prosecution, especially in the cocaine area. I don't know if it was 50 kilos or 100 kilos, but it was large quantities that you folks were dealing with.    Mr. Buck. Oh, I am talking about Federal. You were in the U.S. attorney's office.    Mr. Buck. Okay. And they were huge?    Mr. Buck. All right. It would take a very large forfeiture to break the backbone of the drug cartels that you were dealing with in the Southern District of Florida?    Mr. Buck. Well, it is kind of a yes or no question. I take it, these drug cartels deal with huge amounts of cash. You are not talking about taking $10,000 from somebody and being able to put--and this is your quote. ``Break the financial backbone of a drug cartel.''    Mr. Buck. It has got to be a large forfeiture to break the financial backbone.    Mr. Buck. So a series of small forfeitures could also break the financial backbone?    Mr. Buck. All right. How many backbones have these adoptive forfeitures broken?    Mr. Buck. Name a drug cartel. Name an organization, a syndicate that adoptive forfeitures from States, name one that has been broken by those forfeitures.    Mr. Buck. Can you tell me about one that has been broken with these stops----    Mr. Buck. And these are adoptive forfeitures. These are not Federal forfeitures?    Mr. Buck. We are going to get to the exceptions. But I am asking you, it seems to me that the adoptive forfeitures tend to be much smaller than the Federal forfeitures, and I am asking you. You are talking about forfeitures, the purpose is to break backbones. Do adoptive forfeitures break backbones, or do they just supplement funding for local law enforcement agencies?    Mr. Buck. Let me ask you this. What is the percentage of adoptive forfeitures that are over, say, $100,000?    Mr. Buck. And that would go through--the State would work with the Federal Government on that?    Mr. Buck. Especially if it has white powder on it.    Mr. Buck. I understand the different types of forfeiture. Let me ask you something. What is the burden of proof in a forfeiture case? I think you mentioned preponderance of the evidence.    Mr. Buck. What is the burden of proof if no one shows up, if it is uncontested?    Mr. Buck. Your experience is different than mine. If someone can't afford a lawyer, they don't show up to court to contest, do they?    Mr. Buck. And that tends to be in the lower amounts. In other words, $1,000 is found, and that money is the subject of a forfeiture action. Someone doesn't show up to contest that, there is no burden of proof.