    Mr. Walberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks for the panelists for the work that you've done. It's been intimidated; it has been held up; it has been frustrated all across the many, many months we've been dealing with it.    I would also start with a quote from a famous Chief Justice of the Supreme Court as well as one of the most famous trial lawyers and former Members of Congress, Daniel Webster, and Justice Marshall, who both said, ``The power to tax is the power to destroy.'' I'm not sure they were talking about degaussing, but they were certainly talking about the power of a taxing entity to impact the lives of people. And that's something we've had here.    I also want to remind our whole committee again, as we talk about numbers and we talk about degaussing, and we talk about tapes and we talk about hard drives, remember, the fact of the matter is that Lois Lerner sat at that very table and pled the Fifth. And what does the Fifth Amendment refer to? The right to not self-incriminate. That says to me, Lois Lerner was worried about the fact that what she had done could be construed as illegal at the very least, and she chose not to share the truth with us. She didn't kick the football; she walked off the field. And so we're left with trying to deal with tapes that have been degaussed--oh, sorry. I understand it. My people understand it--they've been destroyed.    When Congress began its investigation on May 2013, the IRS issued a preservation notice to ensure the documents relevant to the investigation were not destroyed. Is that not correct?    Mr. Walberg. We want to rehearse this again to, cut through the clutter to get back to what the situation is. Who sent out this preservation notice?    Mr. Walberg. So based on your investigation, what efforts did the IRS, Terry Milholland or anyone else, make to ensure that the CTO's email notice to cease routine destruction of electronic records was actually followed by low-level employees?    Mr. Walberg. Well, who was responsible for the preservation of these emails?    Mr. Walberg. Every IRS manager. Every IRS. Plenty of them could've followed this out.    Has anyone been reprimanded for emails being destroyed despite the preservation notice?    Mr. Walberg. But they know the law relative to the preservation notice? They should know it.    Mr. Walberg. And we don't know of any reprimand that they've taken.    If these instructions had been followed, would more Lois Lerner emails be available to Congress for investigation?    Mr. Walberg. That's a fact of the matter.    How many potential sources for recovering Ms. Lerner's emails existed for the IRS?    Mr. Walberg. Namely?    Mr. Walberg. How many of these six did the IRS search?    Mr. Walberg. They found out it had been destroyed. But the other six we don't know that they even attempted a search on it.    Did the IRS personnel ever state a reason why they did not attempt these alternative methods of retrieving Lerner's missing emails?    Mr. Walberg. They wouldn't do this with a common citizen taxpayer, would they? I'm not asking you to answer that one. I'm suggesting that they would not have followed their pattern of course with Lois Lerner's tapes and email records with any of us in the room.    Given the IRS's failure to attempt the methods TIGTA used to recover the missing emails, would you characterize IRS efforts as extraordinary?    Mr. Walberg. The power to tax is the power to destroy.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Walberg. Would my friend yield back?    Mr. Walberg. Real briefly. I agree with you. We're not talking about that. We're talking about destroying people's lives.