    Mr. Allegretti. Good morning, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member Garamendi. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today. This hearing comes at a very consequential time, both for the towboat and barge industry and for our country. We face a year of great challenge and extraordinary opportunity, and we need the bipartisan leadership of this subcommittee to successfully confront these challenges and take maximum advantage of these opportunities that are before us.    I come before you today with four requests. First and foremost, please continue to lead and vocally and actively support the Jones Act, and please strongly oppose the inclusion of measures to weaken the law in legislation that may originate in other committees.    The Jones Act is critical to our Nation's economic, homeland, and national security, and to the hundreds of thousands of good, family-wage American jobs and the billions of dollars of investments made by American companies in American-built vessels.    Those few but vocal critics who assert that the Jones Act raises the price of gasoline at the pump, or that repeal of the Jones Act will solve Puerto Rico's economic woes are, quite simply, wrong. Repealing or weakening the Jones Act won't make it a penny cheaper to fill up your car, and it will have no effect on Puerto Rican Government debt. What it will certainly do is destroy the domestic maritime industry, it will kill American jobs, and it will undermine U.S. homeland security: a bad deal, if ever there was one.    Second, please exercise your oversight responsibility and pay careful attention to the Coast Guard's implementation of the towing vessel inspection rule slated for publication this spring. This subcommittee's leadership was instrumental in the passage of the 2004 law that required this rulemaking and enjoyed AWO's strong support. We look forward to working with the Coast Guard to implement this rule that will raise the regulatory floor and take safety and environmental protection in our industry to a new and historic level without disrupting the efficient flow of maritime commerce. Please stay close to the implementation of this rule to ensure that it achieves both of those goals.    Third, please reaffirm by your words and your actions the Coast Guard's preeminent role in the regulation of navigation and vessel operations. The safe and efficient flow of interstate commerce depends upon clear Federal statutes and regulations consistently and uniformly applied nationwide. When States or localities muddy the waters by establishing their own requirements for vessels and interstate commerce, it not only does violence to the U.S. Constitution, but it places mariners, vessels, and the environment at risk. We urge you to support the Coast Guard in finalizing its proposed preemption statement, and speaking out in opposition when States attempt to usurp the Coast Guard's regulatory authority.    Fourth and finally, please pass the Vessel Incidental Discharge Act this year, and put an end to the dysfunctional regulatory system in which two Federal agencies and more than two dozen States regulate ballast water and other vessel discharges in overlapping and inconsistent ways. We have a real window of opportunity for the 114th Congress to accomplish what previous Congresses have not: to establish a uniform, science-based Federal framework for the regulation of vessel discharges that is good for the environment, good for the economy, and good for the American taxpayer.    Chairman Hunter, thank you for sponsoring this much-needed legislation, and we urge every member of the subcommittee to cosponsor H.R. 980 and to communicate to Chairman Shuster and Ranking Member DeFazio your support for passage this year.    Our industry very much appreciates this subcommittee's effective oversight of and your long record of support for the American maritime industry, and thank you for holding this hearing today and for the opportunity to appear before you.    Mr. Allegretti. Today the Natural Resources Committee is holding a markup of various provisions that may find their way into the Puerto Rico relief bill. And reports last night were that an amendment dealing with the Jones Act was poised to be offered.    Mr. Allegretti. Natural Resources Committee.    Mr. Allegretti. You would think so. And I will say that your subcommittee, Mr. Ranking Member, and the full committee have been clear and resolute and we very much appreciate your vocal support for the law and your clarity with the other committees that you intend to maintain your jurisdiction over this vital law.    Mr. Allegretti. That is correct.    Mr. Allegretti. I don't know specifically if that is true, but I will tell you this. This is exactly the kind of debate that takes place with respect to the Jones Act, that someone takes a particular data point and then tries to make that a larger point about the effect of the Jones Act on a particular territory or locality when, in fact, oftentimes the transportation costs have absolutely nothing to do with the delivered price of the cargo. It has to do with supply, demand, and all kinds of other things unrelated to waterborne transportation.    Mr. Allegretti. Yes, sir.    Mr. Allegretti. From the perspective of the view of the American military as it applies to the Jones Act, they have been actually quite clear that they do not want to entrust the movement of domestic commerce on foreign-flagged vessels.    Mr. Allegretti. In respect to the movement of domestic commerce, they want to preserve that and the military leaders, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the head of the U.S. Department of Transportation, have all spoken on--sorry, have all spoken recently and vocally on this matter, that it is--it will denigrate the national security of the United States to allow foreign vessels to move our domestic commerce.    Mr. Allegretti. I would tell you, sir, that I think that is a very narrow reading of the Jones Act benefits and the costs. And while I am not familiar with the particular numbers that you are citing, I am familiar with the most recent report done by GAO, which was designed to look specifically at the cost of moving cargo to Puerto Rico, and the essential result of that report was they were not able to reach a firm conclusion about the cost differential, and here is why.    The difference that you look at when you look at those two numbers, is you are comparing apples to oranges, you are looking at an American vessel crewed with American mariners operating under the laws of the United States, and that is the cost basis for that vessel. You compare that to a foreign vessel that is not in compliance with any of those laws, any of our societal norms. And so their cost basis is lower.    So, if you were to allow them into the U.S. domestic trade, would you allow them to transport domestic cargo outside of our laws, or would you apply our laws to them? And so, if you are going to apply our laws to them, I would argue to you that their cost basis goes up, and thus so does their transportation rate.