    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Madam Chair. And thank you, Chairs Comstock and Loudermilk, for holding this hearing today, incredibly timely and--because, you know, earlier today obviously New York Stock Exchange, United Airlines, the Wall Street Journal all suffering from computer glitches that has disrupted their computer networks. And whether this turns out to be intentional or whether--or not, it certainly highlights the potential vulnerabilities of our digital dependence. And today's hearing obviously is about Office of Personnel Management.    Deterring, detecting, and defending against the multitude of online threats that constantly lurk in the cyberspace domain is a critical issue for federal agencies and the federal government and the private sector alike. Last year alone, federal agencies reported nearly 70,000 individual computer security incidents to the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team, or CERT. During the same time period, October 1, 2013, to September 30, 2014, nonfederal entities reported more than 570,000 incidents and many other incidents are potentially not identified or even not reported at all. Cyber threats are constant, they're evolving, they're very sophisticated, and many pose serious distress to companies, agencies, and individuals.    The two recent data breaches at OPM are particularly important to me and to my constituents. Representing a Congressional District just outside the Nation's capital, many of my constituents are federal employees who may have had their personal data compromised as a result of these intrusions. One of those attacks is believed to have compromised the personal information of more than four million people and the other, up to 14 million people. And I'm particularly troubled that the data that was reportedly accessed included not just the personnel files but the security files of our defense, homeland security, and intelligence community employees. This could potentially jeopardize the financial security, personal safety, and ultimately the secrets that are entrusted to help protect the Nation.    While the facts of this case are still being unraveled, including the motive for the attack, the identity of the perpetrators and the potential damage they may have caused, we should understand, too, that the federal government is not alone in being the victim of cyber attacks. In the past year hundreds of millions of personal records have been compromised by hackers targeting J.P. Morgan Chase, eBay, Home Depot, Target, and other private companies. I seem to receive a new credit card or debit card about every 6 weeks from my bank with a note telling me that the card has been compromised yet again.    When I was in Switzerland, a State Department computer was hacked in one year, the Defense Department the next. The newspapers blamed China and Russia. Still, the OPM was significant and I'm particularly impacted--concerned about the impact this has on the morale of a federal workforce that recently has endured, through no fault of their own, a government shutdown, forced furloughs, staffing cuts, pay freezes. These government employees now have the added insult of a breach of their personal data.    Agency heads should also be mindful and accommodating of the impact of federal employees who need time off to mitigate the fallout from this hack. And I encourage OPM to communicate with all agencies to ensure that workers are accommodated so they can visit their banks, Social Security offices, creditors in order to deal with the repercussions of the breach.    I know every time I get a new card, I get four or five people that don't get paid because the card numbers change and then they call and--I know it upsets my wife terribly.    I'm also concerned that the reports of this attack suggest it may have been the result of individuals with ties to foreign entities and that particularly a private company working for the government as a security contractor may have been the weak link in the chain of events that led to the successful attack.    We're making steady, slow progress in fortifying our cyber defenses from potential attack. According to OMB's annual report on FISMA sent to Congress in February, there's been monitoring--improvement in federal agencies implementing continuous monitoring of their networks and the authentication of their users, for instance, but these results are not good enough. I know everyone on the panel here is interested in learning what we can do to strengthen the system as quickly as possible, as strongly as possible, recognizing that we're never going to have 100 percent security, that the creative hackers, ever younger, will figure out additional ways around it. How can we create the very best advice on closing cybersecurity holes if and when they exist and then augmenting our security defenses against them?    So I very much look forward to your testimony and your advice, and Madam Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Snell, do you know how long it takes to have a negative report, a so-called derogatory report on your credit report drop off?    Mr. Beyer. Okay. Well, six to eight years. I only bring that up because it's a long time.    Mr. Beyer. And I want to bring--call attention to something that you mentioned in your written report where you say ``the federal government should offer identity theft insurance, should offer credit monitoring services for the lifetime of anyone affected, and increase the amount of identity theft insurance provided in certain circumstances. Unlimited coverage may be required.'' I just want all of us to highlight that because this is I think really an initiative that we can bring as Democrats and as Republicans on Oversight to this issue.    Mr. Beyer. So thank you for bringing that up because it--by the way, the other rhetorical question, do you know how long it takes them to fix something that's wrong on a credit report, which is like impossible? So----    Mr. Beyer. Yes.    Mr. Esser, your testimony was pretty devastating, all the things that didn't get fix that were identified year in and year out within OPM. And I'm just baffled by it. Do you have any idea why? Is this a series of CIOs who didn't respond? Is it a series of Directors, Democrat, Republican administrations that didn't respond? Does any of it come back to us on Congress because we didn't allocate the resources necessary, the hardware, the software, the staffing to make all this happen? For example, you mentioned in there that OPM has decided they needed a legacy system. With legacy systems, you couldn't go back and tinker with them one by one; you had to do an overhaul. Help us understand this lack of leadership and lack of action on something that you guys as Inspectors General had clearly identified.    Mr. Beyer. All right. Well, thank you. Thank you, Mr. Esser.    Dr. Romine, did I say that right?    Mr. Beyer. On NPR this morning they were talking about the difficulty that our military and our intelligence units are having with ISIS encrypting messages between their potential recruits. Can we use this encryption for federal government data?    Mr. Beyer. You know, I know you're not responsible for the private sector and it seems that you clearly have developed some very thoughtful guidelines and protocols for how the federal government should work. Do you have any sense of whether the federal government leads or lags the private sector in terms of cybersecurity, data encryption, all the things we're talking about today?    Mr. Beyer. Thank you.    Madam Chair, I yield back.    Chairwoman Comstock. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Johnson for five minutes.