    Mr. Schanzer. Chairman Ros-Lehtinen, Ranking Member Deutch, members of the committee. On behalf of FDD, thank you for inviting me to testify today.    After a decade of lobbying the international community for recognition at the U.N., the Palestinians are now poised to leverage their gains and wage lawfare at the International Criminal Court. The goal for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has been the same since he launched his diplomatic campaign in 2005, and that is to force the Israelis to relinquish territory or other meaningful concessions and to do so outside the scope of bilateral negotiations.    The dangers of this campaign cannot be understated. For one, these efforts are not likely to resolve the conflict peacefully. Rather, they will keep the embers of conflict glowing. More importantly, while communication and cooperation still exist between Ramallah and Washington, it is clear that Abbas and his lieutenants no longer feel beholden to the United States despite the hundreds of millions of dollars in assistance we provide every year.    Madam Chairman, threats to cut assistance to the Palestinian Authority have not had the desired impact in recent years. The reason for this is simple. Washington is dependent upon the PA for continued security cooperation with Israel. Abbas knows this, and this is why he feels comfortable testing the patience of legislators and the President.    There are, however, steps that we can take to reassert American leverage in the West Bank, protect American interests, empower new moderate Palestinian leadership, and safeguard Israeli security concerns.    First, Congress should strongly consider establishing a lawfare office similar to that established by Israel. Such an office can help the U.S. Government battle lawfare against us in both defense of U.S. officials and perhaps even our allies as well. Along these lines, we can leverage our Article 98 agreements with foreign governments. The U.S. Government already has about 100 of these agreements which ensure that U.S. persons are not surrendered to the jurisdiction of the ICC. Congress should ensure that the U.S. enters into as many of these agreements as possible and perhaps even modify them to include its key allies, such as Israel.    In the meantime, we have to deter the Palestinians from their current course. One way to do that is to work with our intelligence community to declassify information about Palestine terrorism, illicit activity, and human rights abuses dating back to November 29, 2012, when the U.N. General Assembly recognized Palestine as a non-member observer state. This would send a message to the Palestine leadership that it is just as susceptible, if not more so, to ICC prosecution.    Congress must also take steps to weaken the PLO. It is the PLO that is pursuing Israel at the ICC, and it is the PLO that is waging the diplomatic campaign at the U.N. Moreover, the PLO still has terrorist groups under its umbrella. Its leaders are unelected. Its decisionmaking is opaque, and its finances are obscured from the public eye. Its very existence enables a dysfunctional system. At any given time, we don't know whether it is the PLO, the Fatah faction, or the PA that is speaking in the Palestinians' in the name. If the goal is to hold the Palestinian leadership responsible for its actions, it is time to empower the Palestinian Government we seek to engage and to make the PLO obsolete. To that end we must shut down the PLO Embassy in Washington and to take steps to weaken the organization worldwide.    In addition, we should make plans for Mahmoud Abbas to go. He is a huge part of the problem. Once considered a reformer, he is now 10 years into a 5-year Presidential term. He is the head of the Fatah faction and the PLO. So long as he maintains a stranglehold over the Palestinian political system, the Palestinians will be taken in by gimmicks like the U.N. recognition campaign and the ICC. We have to begin to plan for new elections.    However, we cannot only focus on the West Bank political structures. The Hamas-Fatah split remains a challenge that will encumber both regional peace and Palestinian reform. Hamas must be removed from the Gaza Strip and from the political process if change is to take root.    Finally, Washington must return to its role as arbiter of the peace process. I don't believe that peace between the current leaders is likely, nor do I believe that this administration has earned the trust of either side. However, Washington cannot abdicate its role as the honest broker. Once we return to that role, we will have an opportunity to call for a halt to all unilateral action and guide this conflict to a more constructive dynamic.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to answering your questions.    Mr. Schanzer. Madam Chairman, I would say that there are a few areas that I think are worth visiting in terms of the funds that we provide the PA. One is we should, as much as the foreign ministry within the PA pursues these activities at the ICC and at the U.N., we should make sure that whatever allocations are cut off immediately. The same I would say would go for the Presidential office. There is a slush fund that Mahmud Abbas uses to pursue these aims, and I think we could earmark those funds and cut them. Any area of the PA that is influenced by the PLO decisionmaking also we should cut off. I mean, basically, what we are talking about is conditioning our aid, which is something that we have not done. We basically need to demand good governance on the part of the Palestinian Authority.    The Palestinian Authority itself, though, I should note, is not the problem. They are basically a bureaucratic functionary government that is making sure that sewage and electricity and water flows. We are really concerned here with the decisionmaking of cronies of Mahmud Abbas within the PLO and the Fatah faction. They should be the target of any subsequent investigation.    Mr. Schanzer. Well, we absolutely do. The way this is structured is Hamas is trying to get the PA to make the Gaza strip more Halal, if you will, for international donors. You put sort of the face of the PA on a Hamas-controlled territory. That would allow for the flow of goods and services. The PA has not given up on this. Abbas truly would like to bring Gaza back under his control. This is still an aim of his, and as long as this continues, it is going to create a very problematic dynamic, both in terms of ICC in terms of recognition here, aid, and I don't think it has been addressed properly yet.    Mr. Schanzer. Well, actually, the good news right now is that the international community is very gun shy about actually delivering these funds. Look, there is a downside of that, of course, which is the Palestinian people are suffering as a result of not enough aid coming in, but there is a sense now that it is not rinse and repeat, that the international community has gotten wise to the process that you have described. And so I think now there is going to be cause for greater accountability in the way that money flows to the Gaza strip.    Mr. Schanzer. Sure. Thank you, Congressman Yoho.    The answer to your question is, I am not exactly sure that that dynamic has shifted to the PLO just yet. There was an indication when the unity government was formed last spring that they were going to shift it to the PLO and would basically exonerate the PA----    Mr. Schanzer . Out of the crosshairs of Congress. It is my understanding that even though they plan to do that, they have not shifted those responsibilities, and I couldn't tell you exactly why that has happened.    Mr. Schanzer. Look, I would just add this, by ``destabilizing,'' if you mean that the Palestinians would be willing to perhaps restart a conflict or challenge the Israelis in other ways, I think that right now the PA is probably realizing that anything that they do--and Hamas is probably realizing the same thing--would probably help Netanyahu, and this is the guy that they hope to see lose during the election. So I think the conventional wisdom is that all of the actors might try to keep quiet during this time.    I think the ICC bid has been, to a certain extent, to gift to Netanyahu, quite frankly, saying, look, these are the people that we are trying to negotiate peace with and look what they are doing. And so I would expect over the next several weeks for there to be relative calm.