    Mr. Reidenberg. Thank you.    Mr. Reidenberg. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And good morning. Good morning, Ranking Member, and distinguished remembers of the committee. I very much appreciate the opportunity to testify today.    I studied and written on privacy technology for over 25 years. And I focused the last 5 or 6 years on student privacy issues, including several national studies that have been presented previously to this subcommittee. On a personal level, I served on a school board for 5 years. So it is an issue that is actually quite close to my heart.    I am testifying today though on my own behalf, I am not representing any organization with which I am affiliated. I have submitted a longer witness statement, but I am just gonna summarize that during the 5 minutes.    Educational technologies and the use of data today is transforming American education. We see tremendous opportunities to improve education. And at the same time, we see the scope of data collection has now become massive. And our privacy laws simply aren't working to protect children's privacy when that information is coming from schools.    We have three statutes in our federal privacy law; FERPA, the Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment from the 1970s, and COPPA. The Pupil Rights Amendment Act and COPPA are really addressing very narrow issues. One focuses on surveys in schools. The other focuses on directly collecting data from children.    So the main privacy legislation that addresses student information is FERPA. And FERPA desperately needs to be updated for the 21st Century. We have heard--you know, 40 years ago when it was enacted, data was kept--the records were kept in file cabinets. It worked then, but schools had no computers and the internet wasn't anyone's dream in the school systems in those days.    There are really three areas that I think we need to address in modernizing FERPA. The first is that the coverage of FERPA is outdated. FERPA governs educational records. Well, today, student and educational records are narrowly defined. Today, the kind of information will range from grades to metadata about reading habits. Much of the data that comes from learning tools is outside the scope of FERPA.    FERPA is a financing statute. It applies to institutions receiving federal funds, and only those institutions. That means the vendor community--those supplying many of these services--have no direct statutory obligations. Schools have them. But schools are often in a very difficult position to be able to work--deal with--contract with the vendors.    We have so many schools across the country that don't have legal council, don't have sufficient technology expertise to even know what they are looking at when they see a vendor agreement.    The privacy pledge that we heard about this morning is a tremendous initiative, but it is not a substitute for strong legal protections. And then FERPA misses very important elements. FERPA saying nothing about data security, saying nothing about breach notification, has nothing on the transparency of how vendors might be using and sharing information. So these are elements the coverage of FERPA just doesn't match what is going on today.    The approach--the secondary, the approach of FERPA itself, is outdated. FERPA's focus was on confidentiality and parental access. Today, the critical issues are about permissible educational uses of student data. What is the use; right? We have other statutes, like the Fair Credit Reporting Act, is a permissible purpose statute. That works in the modern world. FERPA doesn't. FERPA needs to look toward that model, identify what are truly educational uses. Those are fine. Everything else is prohibited wthout parental consent.    Data mining, homework assignments, teacher interactions, all of these things today, are they appropriate uses for the students' data? As a parent, a former board member, I don't think our children should be required to subsidize private commercial gain to get an education through their information being monitored and used.    Lastly, the third area is enforcement and remedies. FERPA is essentially unenforceable. The one existing remedy is a nuclear option. It has never been used by the department of education. It is total withdrawal of federal funds.    The victims have no redress. If you or your family's information is compromised, there is no redress under FERPA. FERPA needs to have graduated sanctions, fines, various abilities to enforce through the Department of Education. I think the State's attorney general ought to have enforcement authority. We see that again in the consumer credit reporting area. And I think it would be very important to have private enforcement options so that families have redress.    It would be helpful for Congress, I think, to encourage the States to have chief privacy officers in their state departments of education to assist the local schools. Because it is very difficult for local school to understand how to navigate this territory.    So my conclusion is that Congress can no longer wait. If we want the innovation that educational technologies and data uses offer us, if we want that to be accepted by schools and parents, Congress has to update FERPA so that it matches what will be happening in the school communities. Otherwise, parents will not have trust, and there will be a constant struggle between the communities and the schools and the educators and national education policy.    Thank you.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes, can I respond, Congressman? I don't think so. Because if the focus of FERPA is looking at using data appropriately for educational uses, that is going to be a very important educational use to understand how individual children learn, how cohorts of children learn, and how to deliver the most effective educational programs for them.    Mr. Reidenberg. You are talking about, say--take an example. Nashville, Tennessee a number of years ago had all of the information on all of the cities' students and their families openly available on the internet. A case like that, if you are talking about a newspaper publishing information from it, well, the First Amendment rights would address what the scope of the newspaper's authority to do that.    But if you are talking about a third-party organization taking all that data and then using it for various commercial purposes, I think that would be wrong and should be interdicted.    Mr. Reidenberg. Those I do not believe are currently covered by the definition in FERPA. The Supreme Court has interpreted the educational record specification quite narrowly. So homework assignments, for example, would generally not be. A family's financial status; so if the child is on a reduced lunch program, for example, that is not going to be considered necessarily part of the educational record. How a child uses an app in school, the metadata generated from that app will be outside the scope of protection from FERPA.    And I think it should be. I think when you are dealing with data that is gathered about, by, or for kids in school, we should be treating that as custodians of our children's privacy, and we should be very careful with how that information gets used.    Mr. Reidenberg. I believe that is correct.    Mr. Reidenberg. I think it is going to depend on what the purpose is for the high school archiving it. Should the high school, for example, or the high school's vendor be storing the seventh grade home work assignment that Johnny or Sally wrote when they are 35 years old? I think the answer to that is probably no.    Mr. Reidenberg. If you ask me the question in a couple of months, I should be able to give you a specific answer. We are in the midst of doing a study right now in my research center that is trying to understand the circulation of the student information in the commercial student marketplace. And I don't have an answer for you at this point.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes. I Think FERPA should absolutely apply to all participants in this space, which would include the third-party vendors. I--    Mr. Reidenberg. Sure.    Chairman Rokita.--environment?    Mr. Reidenberg. What FERPA should--what I think FERPA should be doing is specifying the kinds of uses that are permitted for student information. And uses that don't fall within that category would require consent. And that requirement of only using for admissible purposes would apply whether it is the school, whether it is a data analytics firm, whether it is some other cloud service provider offering services to the school.    Mr. Reidenberg. It would--there would always be that contractual arrangement where the school is using third-party services.    Mr. Reidenberg. Thank you. I think my reference to graduated penalties, what I have in mind, are range of levels of fine depending on egregiousness of violation. So you would not want to see a school district or a state subject to crippling penalties for what are small technical violations.    On the other hand, we need to have some mechanism to insure that FERPA is, in fact, effectively enforced in local schools across the country. I think--so on the one hand, those are the publically-assessed fines. I think it is important that families have an ability to get redress if their information is compromised and their student's privacy rights are violated and they are harmed. Right now, we have no mechanism for that in FERPA. It is one of the few areas in American privacy law where we have no way of addressing redress.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes.    Mr. Curbelo.--for example, how ould those groups be penalized? Same way?    Mr. Reidenberg. Same way. Same way. If FERPA is authorizing use for a defined educational purpose and the third-party vendor does something else; something else being using it for advising purposes, using it to profile a student to skew search results or to deliver content that is unrelated to the educational purpose for which the data was gathered. In an instance like that, the third-party vendor should be subject to a fine.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes. FERPA gives the parents the right to access and request the school district make changes to data that is incorrect. If a school district does not do that, the parent has no recourse.    The second thing is that doesn't apply to all of the third parties holding that data. So all the educational app providers that are profiling individual children to serve them content or games or learning tools, the parents don't have a legal right to access what those profiles are. And to suggest that the profile really doesn't adequately or accurately describe the child, there is no mechanism for the parent to have it changed.    Mr. Reidenberg. So if I could address the pledge first, and then the second portion. I mean, I think the pledge is a terrific initiative. I think there are very serious questions about its enforceability; whether if a company signs up for it and does not adhere to it but then presents Dr. Abshire with a contract that is inconsistent with the pledge, and she has had her legal counsel review it, I think it is going to be very hard to claim it is a deceptive practice on behalf of the vendor.    So I think that relying on unfair and deceptive practices as an enforcement tool I think may be difficult. It also means the FTC is the principal enforcer for that. And their staff is simply not equipped to go after that many organizations that might not be following. It is great that there are 100 leading companies that are standing up, but there are thousands and thousands of companies across the country doing these sorts of practices.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes. It will be in the metadata. It will be in some of the specific characteristics the child signs up for. An app in school that has an avatar and they are supposed to choose their sex, it will be predictable based on certain patterns that a child engages in school. So the third party can identify those characteristics, even if the child hasn't given the name.    I think it is important though, just giving an ID rather than a student's name is not satisfactory today, given the state of computer science. The computer scientists are able to show you can reverse engineer identity. If you give me several characteristics about an individual that are purportedly anonymized, I can reverse engineer who that child is.    And we see today that in our research we found approximately 25 percent of the school contracts in--I think it was in the classroom function area--were not paid with by cash; they were paid with using their students' privacy. They were giving the vendors information in exchange for the services.    Mr. Reidenberg. I am happy to jump in and say no. I mean, third-party vendors serve an important and useful function for the schools. And our schools today would not be able to develop and enhance their educational programs if they couldn't use third-party vendors. So if you cut off access to the information, the schools would have tremendous difficulty delivering education and improving the outcomes for their kids. But that is not to say what those vendors do has to be careful and closely circumscribed.    Mr. Reidenberg. Congressman, there is a well-known principle in data privacy which is called ``data minimization.'' And I think the question you are asking is really going to that point; what is the minimum level of data necessary to make the decision that we are seeking? And I think with--and we have done some research on the SLDSs. And I think there are many questions about the scope and extensiveness.    In fact, it was approximately 4 or 5 years ago I testified before this subcommittee on a study that we did. And the example that I used came from the state of Louisiana. I was just telling Mr. Abshire this before the testimony. Louisiana requires its school districts to report whether children curse in school. And it seems to--because when you look at the disciplinary codes, one of the codes is using--the child is disciplined for using profane language.    And you have to ask the question, is that level of detail necessary? I think in many cases, we will increasingly conclude no.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes. The school districts that are getting a service for which they are not paying cash. So the quintessential example is Google apps for education. The school districts aren't paying for it with cash. But what is Google getting? Google is getting the personal information of all of the district's children.    Mr. Reidenberg. Home work assignments, communications between teachers and students, presentations that kids are working on in school, if they are working from school, the search items that are being used.    Mr. Reidenberg. Yes. But Google has now said that they won't use that data to market or advertise to the children. They haven't said whether they would not use that data to develop the product, to create the content for the product.    Mr. Reidenberg. That is a very good question. It is nontransparent. One of the difficulties is what the vendors do, how they are using this information, it is not transparent. It is not stated often in the contracts. If you look at the contracts that school districts have with their vendors--and we have done that. We have analyzed those contracts--it is very difficult to figure out exactly what they are doing.    Mr. Reidenberg. Well, probably the easiest way to do that in a minute is just think George Orwell and take it to the Nth degree, and that is probably what would be available. I mean, we are in an environment of ubiquitous surveillance, essentially. So the data from all sorts of devices can be captured and synthesized in enormous number of places.    And as we see emerging between what children do in the classroom, what they do at home outside the classroom, I think we are gonna see a lot of pressure to have data from each of these places; what is done in the privacy of the home with what is done in school being merged together. And it will just be an extraordinarily-rich data set of your life.    Mr. Reidenberg. I think that is exactly the challenge. Because the concerns parents have arise from the lack of trust, I think in part from a lack of transparency as to the sharing arrangements that are taking place and what the companies are doing. In the absence of effective privacy protection for their children's information, parents will oppose the technology. We have seen this. We saw this, for example, with the collapse of the InBloom platform. There were lots of things that coalesced in enbloom to cause its collapse. But one of the major reasons was the way InBloom dealt with privacy or didn't deal with privacy.    The other thing that I think is important to recognize, parental consent, we have to be very careful when we talk about engagement and giving parents the authority to consent and then everything is fine. The reason I say we have to be very careful is we have to be sure we are not dealing with forced consent. You can't put a parent in the position that they have to waive their child's privacy for their child to be able to engage in school.    As a parent, we experienced this several years ago. We had to sign up for the parent portal for our local school. And in signing up for the portal, you have to click I accept. And essentially, we had to accept waiving our child's privacy rights for my child to be able to get his homework assignments. So we have to be very careful about. That it is important to have parents engaged. Parents have to have rights to consent. But we can't be putting parents in the position where their choice is their kids gets an education or they have privacy, they can't have both.    Mr. Reidenberg. Three quick things. Without modernizing FERPA, innovation is going to be opposed and will stall. It is just not going to work. I think Congress--message I would like to give is Congress needs to protect all student information, not just things that were considered educational records in 1974.    And lastly, the privacy protections have to apply to all of the participants in the educational environment, which means the schools, the vendors, the parents. The entire educational community set of actors have to be covered by these protections.