    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am really astonished by some of the reckless statements that have been made this morning. But let me just go to the commissioner.    You are under oath right now, right? You have to tell us the truth.    Ms. Lofgren. And we have had an IG report basically pointing out that when you testified before to a congressional Committee you told the truth as you knew it at the time, and later there was information that you didn't know that came out that you sent to us. Is that correct?    Ms. Lofgren. So I guess my question is, if you take a look at the Constitution, Article II, Section 4, it says,    ``The President, Vice President and all civil Officers of the United States, shall be removed from Office on Impeachment for, and Conviction of, Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes and Misdemeanors.''    Now, I realize you are not here as an expert on constitutional law, but you are a lawyer and you went to a very fine law school. Can you tell me which element of that, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors, that you have committed?    Ms. Lofgren. No, I understand that. But I just think this is a trumped-up type of thing. Having worked on many impeachments in the past, this doesn't even pass the smell test. This is absurd.    I would like to also ask, since you are here, and we are not on the Financial Services Committee, is it within the authority of the commissioner to suspend an audit of a taxpayer during the course of a Presidential campaign so that that taxpayer who felt that they were constrained in the release of their audit would then feel okay to release it?    Ms. Lofgren. Could you?    Ms. Lofgren. Let me ask you whether or not--I know that everything that the IRS does is private and that the staff takes that very seriously, and I think we all appreciate that. But let me ask you this. if an audit had been terminated, would that--would the commissioner or the agency be allowed to say publicly that there was, in fact, no audit going on of a taxpayer?    Ms. Lofgren. So even if there was nothing going on and somebody was lying about that, they would just get away with a lie?    Ms. Lofgren. I would like to talk about whether or not, if someone took money from a foreign government, say, Russia, and then decided as a candidate or an elected official to go easy on our opponent, would that, if they were elected, an elected official, would that fall into the realm in the Constitution of bribery or treason?    Ms. Lofgren. Well, I just think that, you know, one of the things that should concern this Committee is the fact that one of our candidates for President has failed to provide transparency on his financial situation by releasing his tax returns, as every other candidate has this time and has for many, many decades. It leads to questions on the role that Russia is playing in his business, what that may lead him to do in terms of his extraordinary comments of praise for the Russian leader, who is a virtual dictator and certainly an adversary of the United States.    And I would hope that this Committee might use some time to explore that possibility and to see if we couldn't get that candidate to do the right thing and let the American people know that he has been compromised financially with Russia, the foreign power who is causing so much problems in the world, in the Balkans, in Syria, and certainly elsewhere around the world.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I see my time has expired.