    Mr. Gohmert. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to correct the record. And no number of votes taken by the gallery will change the facts. But the gentleman from Tennessee did say he attributed that one of the three things Jefferson wished to be remembered by, as part of his memorial or gravestone, was that he was the father of the Constitution. That was the gentleman's words. I didn't hear which two things he left out.    But I'm a bit surprised, since all of us are not immune from having slips of the tongue, that the gentleman would be so contemptuous of Mr. Goodlatte, because the gentleman did say that----    Mr. Gohmert . Attribute to Jefferson as being father of the Constitution. He wasn't there.    And I kind of like one of his suggestions when he wrote back and said, you know, if I'd been at the Constitution's writing, I would have liked to have seen a proposal that no law could be passed that had not been on file for a year. And I would suggest that might not be a bad rule.    Mr. Gohmert. So--and I will not. The gentleman has had over 10 minutes, and I have had about 2.    Mr. Gohmert. So, at this point----    Mr. Gohmert. Mr.----    Mr. Gohmert. The Chairman needs to get regular order going.    Mr. Gohmert. It is not enough to condemn Mr. Goodlatte or belittle him----    Mr. Gohmert . Stealing my time.    In any event, let me go to what is panel three of the Jefferson memorial. ``God who gave us life gave us liberty. Can the liberties of a nation be secure when we have removed a conviction that these liberties are the gift of God? Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just and that his justice cannot sleep forever.'' He didn't use the word ``and.'' I slipped that in.    Now, Mr. Parshall, you indicated a similar belief, so let me ask Mr. Tebbe.    Do you believe Jefferson and Mr. Parshall, that when you threaten religious liberty that you actually are threatening civil liberties as well?    Mr. Gohmert. Well, that goes beyond the extent of my question. Thank you for wanting to get into that.    Mr. Baylor, do you have a succinct answer to whether or not the threat to religious liberty threatens everyone's civil liberty?    Mr. Gohmert. Well--and in the First Amendment, do you think one portion of the first two clauses is more important than the other?    Mr. Gohmert. But you understand the two parts I'm talking about, the first two, that----    Mr. Gohmert. Yes.    Mr. Gohmert. Is one more important than the other? Because it seems like the Supreme Court, in more recent times, has almost eliminated ``or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.'' It seems like that has taken a second seat to this Supreme Court.    Mr. Gohmert. Yeah.    Ms. Windham, do you have thoughts about religious liberty and whether or not infringements on religious liability are a real threat to civil liberty?    Mr. Gohmert. Okay. Thank you.    My time has expired.