    Ms. Clarke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank our ranking member, Ms. Eshoo. And I would like to thank our Commissioners for their appearance and responses today.    Like many of you, I am encouraged, actually excited, about the recent signing of the bipartisan budget agreement, which included provisions of the Spectrum Pipeline Act of 2015 that is based on a draft that my office introduced. And I look forward to the FCC fulfilling the goals of this act and identifying and repurposing wireless spectrum from Federal to commercial uses.    More spectrum can only translate into more opportunities for our Nation's citizens, particularly those from historically underserved communities where wireless broadband is often the only gateway to opportunities.    On this point, I have a question related to increasing engagement for seasoned and aspiring entrepreneurs and businesses of color in the upcoming spectrum auction and beyond. But, prior to that, I would just like to say to Commissioner Clyburn, congratulations on the reform of the inmate calling services. This will help to mitigate a lot of the hardship millions of families across our Nation have faced in dealing with that service.    But I would like to ask, do you see the FCC's revamped designated-entity rules as sufficient enough to create opportunities for minority spectrum ownership? And what can the FCC do to enhance and incentivize secondary market transactions that have the potential to drive more diversity in minority ownership of commercial wireless spectrum?    I was directing that to you, Commissioner Clyburn.    Ms. Clarke. Thank you. That is encouraging. We want to definitely stay focused on that. There have been some substantial losses, particularly in black communities, over the years, and we would like to see opportunities particularly for young, more inspired businessowners and entrepreneurs to really gain a foothold in this market.    Shifting gears a bit, the FCC appears to have been focused on expanding online video platforms, but there still appears to be challenges in getting the content directly to the consumer, as evidenced in the current AllVid debate.    So I want to drill down just a little bit and ask Chairman Wheeler: The proposal made by the AllVid proponents in your DSTAC proceedings requires a new box just to get the MVPD content to the new retail device. Instead of getting rid of boxes, AllVid requires an additional box. And I think you have heard colleagues commenting on this this morning.    This is a concern on two fronts for consumers, increased box costs and increased energy costs, in addition to no guarantee of consumer protection. This seems out of step with today's marketplace.    Aren't these increased costs and diminished consumer protections a concern for the FCC, as well?    Ms. Clarke. Well, let me just say this. I think it is clear that we need to monitor this very closely. Because there is no doubt, if two devices are needed, there is going to be an increase in energy costs. There is no doubt about that.    Ms. Clarke. Yes. No problem. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.