    Mr. Meadows. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for your leadership.    Thank you each of you for being here.    So, Mr. Sullivan, let me come to you, because I guess I am a little confused when Ms. Shea says that the flexibility is a big issue for you signing up for leases. And yet, you have not, to date, provided that kind of information.    Mr. Meadows. And why do you want to use leasing? Because most of the build to suit, I understand as a private sector guy, why you want to do that, you write off the expenses and so forth. But from a public sector standpoint, if you are doing build to suit, how in the world is that generally--because normally, a lessor is going to write off the cost over a 20-year lease of the entire cost in case you don't re-up, how is that a benefit?    Mr. Meadows. No. I get all that. I guess what I am saying is if the cost of the lease covers the entire cost of construction that you are paying for, and yet, you don't have an asset at the end--it is kind of like a car lease. If you are paying the entire--if the residual value is zero at the end of the car lease and you don't own it, what is the benefit from a public sector standpoint?    Mr. Meadows. Apparently, we are missing at each other.    If you are covering 100 percent of your cost in the lease, 100 percent----    Mr. Meadows . All right? Even if it is outdated, it becomes an asset that GSA has, and you can start over again.    I was in the real estate business. I know it extremely well. So I guess what I am saying is are you leasing at less than the full cost of the build to suit? I mean, is there a residual value there?    Mr. Meadows. You are saying because we are not allocating it upfront, you are actually using a lessor to do it over a 20-year period?    Mr. Meadows. OK. All right. So what analysis have you had from veterans in terms of location? What matrix do you use?    Mr. Meadows. Who gives you input for that?    Mr. Meadows. How many veterans do you talk to when you do that?    Mr. Meadows. How many veterans do they talk to? Because here is what happens is, is a lot of times we make decisions on locations, and it is based on a perception. But sometimes we don't actually get the input from those who are going to use the facility. Do you not see a problem with that?    Mr. Meadows. I agree. And so what you are saying, it is going to be made at the local level not in Washington, DC?    Mr. Meadows. So let me finish in the 23 seconds we have left.    Let me ask you. As we start to look at these allocations, how many times out of the 700 and some odd times that Mr. Wisner had mentioned that has been delegated to you, how many times have you actually left a location and gone to a new location because of the flexibility that Ms. Shea talked about?    Mr. Meadows. Could you get the number to the subcommittee on that?    Mr. Meadows. Thank you. I yield back.