    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order.    I know that Mr. Deutch is right in the side room, so he will be right out. And my apologies for starting late.    After recognizing myself and Ranking Member Deutch for 5 minutes each for opening statements, I will then recognize other members seeking recognition for 1 minute. We will then hear from our witnesses.    And without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record. Apologies for keeping you waiting.    And members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record, subject to the length limitation in the rules.    I would first like to thank all of the individuals and organizations involved in providing humanitarian assistance for the Syrian crisis. Working in an active conflict zone is incredibly dangerous but also desperately needed. So we thank you and we support you.    Today's hearing is the subcommittee's fourth hearing that focuses specifically on the Syrian humanitarian crisis. It has been an issue we have been following closely since the fighting in Syria began over 5 years ago. And until the administration gets serious about developing a comprehensive plan to end the conflict, it will, unfortunately, be an issue we will continue to revisit.    The numbers are truly staggering. By most estimates, there have been at least \1/4\ million Syrians killed and possibly as much as nearly \1/2\ million. Nearly 5 million Syrians have fled to neighboring countries like Turkey, Lebanon, and Jordan. There are nearly 7 million internally displaced Syrians and more than 13\1/2\ million people are in need of assistance, with about 5\1/2\ million people in besieged and hard-to-reach areas.    We have convened this hearing today to see how we can maximize our efforts and limit risks when providing humanitarian assistance.    In addition to the $5 billion already provided, Secretary Kerry announced, earlier this week, $439 million in additional humanitarian assistance, and the President's budget request for Fiscal Year 2017 seeks nearly $2.1 billion through accounts that addresses the humanitarian impact of this crisis.    This is a lot to ask of the U.S. taxpayers, especially when we know that there is no end in sight to this terrible crisis. And that is why Congress must conduct oversight, to ensure that this assistance is being used as effectively and efficiently as possible. And that is why I was pleased to be joined by Ranking Member Deutch, Gerry Connolly, and Ron DeSantis in requesting a GAO review of our Syrian humanitarian assistance program.    This report focuses solely on our programs inside Syria. With the U.S. no longer having a presence in the country, we have to rely on remote programs and coordinating with implementing partners. We recognize this brings challenges, but these challenges also make it more important for our agencies to mitigate all risks, because situations like these make our effort more vulnerable to waste, fraud, abuse, and diversion. And that is precisely what GAO and USAID's Inspector General have found, that we have weaknesses in our humanitarian aid programs in Syria and both State and USAID could improve their fraud oversight.    GAO's review found that most of the implementing partners that we work with to provide humanitarian assistance into Syria do not assess the risk of fraud. Why is this important? Well, we will hear from the Inspector General that her office has opened 25 cases to investigate allegations of abuse of USAID funds with three common fraud schemes. This, obviously, raises concerns, not only with how USAID and State oversee our assistance programs, but it raises concerns regarding the checks and balances our implementing partners have in place as well.    We rely heavily on our partners, as does the U.N., where 75 percent of all our assistance is funneled through. And if they are lax in their oversight, we run the risk of wider loss due to waste, fraud, and abuse, and diversion.    What GAO also found is that not only do most implementing partners not assess the risk of fraud, but their controls for mitigating the risk of fraud and loss were not informed by a risk assessment. So it is likely that they either don't know what they are looking for or are looking in the wrong place. And that is why GAO has recommended that USAID and State strengthen their fraud oversight themselves, but they must also require implementing partners to conduct fraud risk assessment and to ensure monitors are properly trained. These are common sense recommendations for our efforts in Syria, but they are also common sense for State and USAID across the board.    We provide large sums of money and assistance every year and administer very large programs. We need to be doing everything we can to minimize the risk of waste, fraud, abuse, and diversion. It is also important because we do send most of our assistance through the U.N., and from there we have less oversight, less transparency. If we can work with our implementing partners to strengthen how they assess the risk of fraud and how they improve their oversight, we have a better chance of maximizing the humanitarian assistance response across the board.    State and USAID are doing a good job with their humanitarian response, but we can always seek to do better. We all want to ensure that we are being proper stewards of American taxpayer dollars, but we are also promoting our core ideals and values as Americans by doing what we can to help those suffering from the ongoing crisis in Syria. So I am eager to hear from our witnesses on how we can accomplish both of these objectives without sacrificing our ability to assist those in dire need.    And with that, I apologize to our ranking member for my lateness, and he is recognized.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Yeah. Two lovely years in Kurdistan.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    So safe speed and may all go well.    And now, I would like to turn for any opening statements that they would like to make to Randy Weber of Texas and then to be followed by Ron DeSantis of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Texans are always ready.    Ron?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Let's do it.    Well, thank you. And I know Lee Zeldin is there on the side, and if he comes back, we will recognize him.    But the subcommittee is delighted to welcome back Dr. Thomas Melito, who serves as the director of the International Affairs and Trade team at the Government Accountability Office, GAO. In this capacity, Dr. Melito is primarily responsible for GAO's multilateral assistance portfolio as well as other areas of important oversight.    So welcome back.    And next, we would like to welcome to our subcommittee for the first time, but we know that it is going to be a repeated engagement, Ms. Ann Calvaresi Barr, who serves as the Inspector General for the United States Agency of International Development, USAID. In this capacity, she leads the USAID Office of Inspector General exercising broad oversight authority over programs and operations of USAID, as well as the Millennium Challenge Corporation, the U.S. African Development Foundation, the Inter-American Foundation, and the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. They sure keep you busy.    So it is my understanding that the two of you came through GAO at the same time, so this is a very public reunion of sorts. We welcome you. Welcome, both of you.    And we will start with Dr. Melito.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. If you could bring that microphone a little bit closer.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    Ms. Calvaresi.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you. Thank you very much.    Really, thank you both for your testimony. There is certainly a lot to think about there, and I want to make sure that we thank you both and your teams for all the work they have done on this issue, for continuing to seek ways to help our agencies improve our oversight and the implementation of our assistance programs.    And, Dr. Melito, I will start some questions with you, if I might.    Tell us about why it is important for individuals and organizations operating in Syria to conduct a risk assessment? And if you could tell us how the U.N. internal control framework compares to ours. What are the--how do the requirements differ?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Well, thank you. And all programs, and just about anything we do, are going to have at least some loss as a result of waste, fraud, abuse, diversion. It is sad to say, but it is reality based. Did either State or USAID provide you with a number on how much they believe is being lost to waste, fraud, abuse, or diversion? And do you get a sense from the agencies that they expect a certain amount to be lost as the cost of doing business in that they may have a formal or informal percentage they believe is acceptable?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    And, Inspector General, I know you can't really go into details about the individuals and the entities, because in a lot of these cases, we are discussing ongoing investigations. But I did want to ask you a few questions about how that works when USAID says, okay, this implementing partner or this program is problematic, we need to cut ties. Because the vast majority of our assistance to--for Syria, for the humanitarian crisis, does go through the U.N., and obviously, there will be some overlap on the implementing partners and partner organizations. So when USAID suspends these individuals, these entities, these programs, they are no longer eligible to receive any U.S. Government awards, correct?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. And do we share this information with the U.N. or other organizations and implementing partners? And if so, what actions do they take or what actions do we expect them to take?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I am glad that you did. Because I can foresee an instance where maybe these guys are defrauding the U.N. or other implementing partners as well or perhaps even the U.N. continues to work with them after we provide these agencies with our information.    And just to finish up with the U.N., perhaps I will ask this of both of you, how does working through the impact, the U.N. impact our ability to exercise the kind of oversight that we would require if we were working with implementing partners directly in terms of things like transparency and accountability? How does that change?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Could you say that again?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. I understand that.    Congratulations to both of you for the great work that you do. It is important to carry that message to the U.S. taxpayer. Thank you.    And with that, my good friend, the ranking member, Mr. Deutch.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. No problem.