    Mr. DOLD. The hearing will come to order. Good morning and welcome to today's hearing on Protecting Social Security from Waste, Fraud, and Abuse. Today we will hear from the Social Security Inspector General on what he sees are the big challenges facing Social Security, and where Social Security can do a better job at protecting taxpayer dollars.    For those of you who may not know, Mr. O'Carroll has served as Social Security Inspector General for the past 12 years and will be retiring at the end of the month. Under his leadership the Office of Inspector General has engaged in a number of antifraud initiatives, including the expansion of the Cooperative Disability Investigations units. Overseeing investigations that have lead to the recovery and savings of hundreds of millions of trust fund dollars, the conviction of hundreds of crooks, and has protected Social Security employees from threats of violence against employees and facilities. Mr. O'Carroll we want to thank you for your service to our country and congratulations on a well deserve retirement.    As you know well, hardworking taxpayers fund Social Security Administration and they rightly expect that the Social Security Administration will do all it can to prevent waste, fraud and abuse. So when Americans hear and read in the news about stories of hundreds of millions of dollars, of fraud in Puerto Rico, and New York, or the agency spending over $300 million on an IT project that has yet to even work, you can't blame them for asking questions. Sometimes Social Security's track record does not inspire all that much confidence.    As members of this subcommittee, it is our job to make sure that Social Security is spending their money in a way that doesn't violate the taxpayers' trust by paying benefits to those trying to cheat the system or wasting funds on projects that don't work. As the longest serving inspector general for the SSA, Mr. O'Carroll knows all about the challenges the agency faces that put tax dollars at risk. For example, and as many of you may know, this subcommittee has raised concerns over the years about Social Security's long-term strategic planning.    Today we will hear that Social Security still does not have a plan that includes specific measurable goals or outlines a strategy to make sure Americans get the service they expect and deserve from Social Security. And this is after they have spent about $1.5 million on contractors to help them.    Social Security faces some very real challenges that I am afraid are only going to get worse over time and the representative payee program is one of them. A recent study by the Institute of Medicine raised serious questions about Social Security's ability to decide if someone needs a representative payee. Earlier this year the Social Security Advisory Board also raised serious concerns about this program.    Last fall the Bipartisan Budget Act included the biggest changes to Social Security since 1983, and some additional tools to help fight fraud. This includes expanding Cooperative Disability Investigations units to cover every State and new and harsher penalties for those who attempt to defraud Social Security. These tools along with others are a step in the right direction when it comes to protecting taxpayer dollars.    Mr. O'Carroll we thank you for being here today, thank you again for your service to our country. We look forward to hearing your testimony.    I now would like to recognize Mr. Becerra for his opening statement.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Becerra.    As is customary any member is welcome to submit a statement for the hearing record, but before we move on to our testimony today I want to remind our witness to limit your oral statements to 5 minutes. Obviously your entire statement will be placed into the record for the hearing.    Without objection, all the written testimony will be made a part of the hearing record. So we have one witness today, seated at the table is Patrick P. O'Carroll, Jr., Inspector General of the Social Security Administration. Mr. O'Carroll, you are recognized for your oral testimony.    Mr. DOLD. Mr. O'Carroll, thank you for your testimony. I want to remind members that again we will have 5 minutes for questioning each. I will start that time.    So, Mr. O'Carroll, again thank you for your service to our country in the Social Security Administration. As your time as the I.G. is coming to close, I certainly know that protecting taxpayer resources is a priority of yours and certainly of ours. If we can take a look at, and just have you expand on, your top three things that we can be doing or that the Social Security Administration should be doing to save taxpayer dollars without compromising service to the public.    Mr. DOLD. In your testimony you also discuss the Disability Case Processing System or the DCPS, and some of the concerns that you have with regard to this program. Can you talk to us a little bit more about what DCPS is supposed to do, the current status of the project and how much Social Security has spent thus far to date?    Mr. DOLD. So as you mentioned, this is the first time the Agile method is being used on such a large scale project?    Mr. DOLD. Are you optimistic that this is going to work? And you also mentioned in your testimony that you believe it will save $300 million? Or what is----    Mr. DOLD. And can you give me just kind of an overall cost estimate of what you think this is going to run?    Mr. DOLD. Okay. Thank you. Mr. Becerra you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Becerra.    Mr. DOLD. Mr. Smith, you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Smith. The gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Larson, you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Larson. And I think there was something about a Starbucks cup there that you forgot to mention?    Mr. DOLD. The next cup of coffee is on you.    Gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Renacci you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. Thank you, Mr. Renacci. The gentleman from Washington, Dr. McDermott, you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Kelly, you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. The gentleman yields back. The gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Rice, is recognized.    Mr. DOLD. The gentleman yields back. The gentlelady from Tennessee, Mrs. Black, you are recognized.    Mr. DOLD. The gentlelady yields back.    Mr. O'Carroll, thank you so much for coming before us today. I think you can hear from just the questions that we need the Inspector General to make sure that we are safeguarding Social Security. Frankly, this is a program so many of constituents across the country rely upon, and we need it to be solvent. We need to make sure that this is around and stronger tomorrow than it is today. Your office plays a key role in that.    So as we look at, obviously, IT and cybersecurity and the like, the concern is the hundreds of millions of dollars that we spent. We want to make sure that, yes, we are getting that protection and we want to make sure that those dollars are put to good use.    So I do share my colleague's concern with regard to making sure that we are doing the proper investments, to make sure Social Security is around in the long haul. But you also have, obviously, an obligation on your end to make sure that those dollars are being spent wisely and are looked after.    Medicare; we had Medicare actually before the committee, the oversight committee. They actually put their fraud rate at 12 percent. We think it might be higher than that. That works out to be about $60 billion annually; a little over $1 billion a week. So obviously, when people see those types of things, they get concerned because we can be using those dollars elsewhere.    So again, just going back to thank you for the service that you have done, the work that you are doing. We know that you want to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse as well. And I want to again thank you for a long and illustrious career. We certainly thank you for your service to our country. With that, this committee stands adjourned.