    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Madam Chairman and Ranking Member Hinojosa, for calling this hearing on preventing and responding to sexual assault on college campuses.    This issue of campus safety is foremost in the minds of American families as they send their children away to college. Congress in 2009 declared September the National Campus Safety Awareness Month to help bring awareness to incidents of campus rape, mass shootings, and other forms of violence at educational institutions.    Twenty-five years ago, Congress passed the Clery Act to require institutions of higher learning to report campus crime statistics and to publish campus safety and security policies.    We know the issue of campus sexual assault is complex. Nevertheless, Title IX and the Clery Act require that once the school knows or reasonably should know of possible sexual violence it must take immediate and appropriate action to investigate or otherwise determine what occurred.    Unfortunately, campus sexual assault is usually addressed only after there is an alleged incident. We have to have meaningful procedures to hold accountable those who commit sexual assaults, but we also must do more to try to prevent them from occurring in the first place.    One strategy is to educate young people about healthy and safe relationships before entering college. The Teach Safe Relationships Act of 2015, introduced by Senator Tim Kaine of my home state of Virginia, would require that health education in public secondary schools include learning not just biology but also safe relationship behavior aimed at preventing sexual assault, domestic violence, and dating violence. Currently, federal law does not require health and sex education classes to include information regarding these relationships, which can prevent sexual assault.    There is also a study published in the June 2015 New England Journal of Medicine that found that college women who participated in an intensive program showing students how to recognize and resist sexual aggression reduced their chance of being raped by nearly 50 percent and attempted rape by 62 percent.    And we know that funding is also an issue, and funding is needed to implement educational programs and robust enforcement of all civil rights laws on campus. But the Department of Education's funding has decreased or been flat-lined over the years and the agency staffing level is the lowest it has been in 34 years despite having a record of nearly 10,000 civil rights complaints.    We can also do more to train campus public safety personnel, and support evidence-based research to strengthen college safety and security, and have a clearinghouse for dissemination of relevant campus public safety information. As an example, the National Center for Campus Public Safety in January 2015 conducted its first pilot program, offered in a course in Richmond, Virginia, to develop a trauma-informed sexual assault investigation and adjudication training for campus officials, including Title IX coordinators, advocates, legal counsel, and others.    Let me ask just a question to all of the witnesses. Some have alluded to some of the things we can do. Can the witnesses talk about--I know we are going to talk about what to do after the fact, but what kind of strategies can we do before the fact to actually reduce the incidence of campus sexual assault?    Mr. Scott. Are you familiar with Senator Kaine's bill?    Mr. Scott. Can you make a comment about it?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Foxx. Thank you very much, Mr. Scott.    Dr. Rue, you mentioned the importance of prevention and education efforts on the campus in reducing incidents of sexual assault. Do you have written evaluations that you can provide us on the results of those efforts? And could you give us just a thumbnail of the greatest--what have had the greatest impact on the campus safety climate, from what you have experienced?