    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Cordray, for being here. Mr. Cordray, I would like to associate myself with the remarks of Mr. Clay, who gave some indication as to how efficacious CFPB has been.    I would like to highlight the $5.3 billion in relief for 15 million American consumers. I think this is very important.    Your enforcement actions have amounted to $175 million in civil penalties that have been ordered to be paid. The CFPB is working and the CFPB merits some consideration. I would also like to mention that there will be some indication that you have not given timely responses. I have some indication, however, that the Bureau has made significant efforts to comply with requests.    And my hope is that you will be given an opportunity to give your explanations such that we may totally understand what is going on with reference to a request, as well as response.    Thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Green. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank the ranking member as well.    And, Mr. Cordray, I thank you for appearing. Mr. Cordray, I am confident that at some point in the course of this hearing today there will be some questions about your responses to various letters that have been written to you.    And while I think that you have given responses, I don't think I should speak for you. I think you should be accorded an opportunity to just speak for yourself. I have one document that indicates that you have made significant efforts to comply with the requests that have been made and you list some 10 or more indications of what your efforts have been.    But would you kindly now take the time that you need to explain the circumstance and the responses that you have given?    Mr. Green. I am honored to know what your intentions are, and I say this to you candidly because there is an indication that a subpoena dices tecum may be issued. And of course as a lawyer you understand what that means in terms of compelling you to produce documents.    My hope is that you will be given an opportunity to explain yourself when specific questions are asked with reference to this. Now let's move to something else, let's talk about the small banks for just a moment. I am a big proponent of doing what we can to be of assistance to small banks. I have heard many concerns expressed and my desire is to give them some level of relief.    I am pleased to hear you talk about helping small banks. Small banks, for the most part consist of about 90 percent of the banks in this country because about 90 percent of the banks, a little bit more by some standards, are under a billion dollars. And in this country today, if you are under a billion dollars, you are considered a small bank, maybe even a very small bank.    I know that the public probably doesn't quite understand but by the standards that we have now, if you are under a billion dollars you are probably a very small bank. I want to do what I can and have offered to work across the aisle to help small banks.    I always find, however, that when we get engaged in this process we find ourselves with wording, language that will not only include the small banks but also the mega-banks, the banks that actually produce these exotic products, the teaser rates that coincided--the interest rates that were offered to you to get you into a contract and then have a prepayment penalty that would not allow you to get out of the contract so as to benefit from having an additional rate that would not be locked in for some period of time that would be harmful to you.    These teaser rates that coincide with prepayment penalties were a problem. So do what you can to help the small banks. I am all for that and we may have to do something to--get some other relief at a later time, but let's help those small banks, and I appreciate it.    Mr. Green. I yield back.