    Secretary Moniz. Well, thank you, Chairman Upton and Whitfield, and Ranking Members Pallone and Rush.    Secretary Moniz. The light is--yes. OK. Start again.    OK. Well, again, Chairman Upton and Whitfield, and Ranking Members Pallone and Rush, distinguished members of this subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be with you again today. And I really appreciate the leadership that this committee has shown in working towards comprehensive and bipartisan energy legislation that includes many of the topics in the QER first installment. I look forward to working with you to move these ideas forward, and really appreciate in the opening remarks the statements about common ground and the opportunities we have to work together.    As was already stated, the U.S. has reaped enormous benefits from our energy revolution the last several years which, I point out, includes, of course, hydrocarbon production, but also dramatically increased renewables deployment to energy productivity gains. This revolution, however, has produced changes that are challenging our energy infrastructure. And to be direct, we need to modernize and transform our energy infrastructures and our shared commodity infrastructures. This will require major new investments, and we have to get it right.    We should acknowledge that, while the choices we make and the decisions we take today and in the near future are critical, we also have to acknowledge that the choices and decisions that we fail to take in a timely way are very important for generating our infrastructure for the 21st century.    To help guide these investment choices, the QER provides recommendations based on a 15-month, multiagency process that included 14 public meetings across the country, and consultations with Canada and Mexico. The QER focuses on TS&D, including the network of pipelines, wires, storage, waterways, railroads, and other facilities that form the backbone of our energy system.    I ask the chairman's permission to submit the summary version of the QER into the record.    The full QER is available online, and you have my written testimony, so let me just take the opportunity to highlight five crucial tasks that we need to take.    First, our infrastructure and investments can and must serve energy security in a broader sense than the oil-centric focus of the last several decades. An example is found in the definition of energy security that the U.S. and our G7 allies developed after the Russian aggression in Ukraine that includes seven critical elements in a modern view of energy infrastructure. Supply diversification, for sure, but also transparent markets, greenhouse gas emissions reductions, enhanced efficiency, clean energy, infrastructure modernization, and emergency response. This doesn't mean that global oil disruptions are not a concern. Indeed, in the context of the QER and its recommendations, modernizing the SPRO both from a physical distribution standpoint, as well as the authorities for its use, is a major area of focus. Through its analysis of resilience and infrastructure modernization, the QER goes beyond global oil supply disruptions as the single focus of energy security policy, leading, for example, to recommendations related to regional fuel disruptions, as we have seen across the country. More coordinated state planning is also essential. And most notably, we feel that state planning grants to help states update and expand their emergency preparedness and security strategies and exercises to enhance electricity reliability, to accommodate several changing factors, are all critical. Other ways to improve energy security include programs to make our energy infrastructures more resilient to a range of hazards and vulnerabilities. These are addressed in part through the QER's recommendation for a pre-disaster hardening grant program, options for transformer reserves, and a systematic program to replace aging unsafe natural gas distribution pipes.    Second, QER and its recommendations underscore the indispensable role of states. These really are test beds. We need to advance studies such as a new framework for evaluating energy services to help things like rate structure development.    Third, the QER analysis showcases the importance and complexity of how our energy revolution challenges our shared transport infrastructures. Frankly, when we started the QER, we did not anticipate that we would end up with this as a major area of focus. However, the dramatic oil production increases in unconventional locations, coupled with things like the RFS and pending exports of natural gas, have placed strains on those transport infrastructures; rail, barge, locks, port facilities, and the like. The QER includes recommendations focused on innovative funding mechanisms for these infrastructures and, for example, recommends a program for port connectors being stressed by new energy supplies.    Fourth, the QER recommends coordinated efforts for skills training, and recruitment of works to build and staff our modernized energy infrastructure system, and support jobs for working families. A national job-driven skills training system with rigorous curricular and standards that includes a special emphasis on training for veterans, on minorities and energy, is critical to our energy future. I might note that yesterday, 85 minority interns started working at DOE for the summer. I also created the Job Strategy Council to look at how we can capture the energy sector opportunities that we have for new jobs.    And finally, fifth, we need to acknowledge the critical federal role in incentivizing our energy infrastructure investments. While the bulk of the QER recommendations fall under this committee's jurisdiction, the Congress has other committees with equities in energy infrastructure, especially in shared infrastructure and North American energy integration.    I would just note in closing that the Administration's most recent budget request includes a down payment for funding some of the QER's key recommendations at about half a billion dollars, however, in the current budget environment where sequestration has placed artificial caps on spending, DOE's programs and the shared infrastructure programs for the Corps of Engineers and others, frankly, placed these critical programs in competition with very restricted budget allocations. And so, for example, the House Appropriations mark does not meet our needs for energy infrastructure.    In closing, Department of Energy and all the agencies that developed this report and its recommendations see great potential for benefit, and we look forward to working with this committee again to find bipartisan ways of advancing our TS&D infrastructure.    Thank you, and I would be pleased to answer questions.    Secretary Moniz. I apologize. So this first installment, frankly, did take us a few more months than we had hoped. We are now in the process of working across the government to settle on the next installment. We would like to get something into your hands early next year again, and then again at the end of 2016.    Secretary Moniz. And clearly, this will be now expanding into the supply and demand ends of the energy sector.    Secretary Moniz. Yes, Mr. Chairman. Of course, the Department of Transportation would have prime responsibility in that area, but there were discussions because we did see in some cases, especially in the upper Midwest, some coal shortages for a while, but it was not because the trains weren't operating, they were just carrying other commodities which, my understanding, may have had a higher margin for them.    So one of the initiatives that we have taken, and the DOE EIA is working with the Surface Transportation Board at DOT, first of all, to try to get more data and understanding of how commodities, including energy commodities are moving on the railroads, because it is coal, it is obviously oil, and ethanol competing, in a certain sense, with a whole variety of other commodities.    Secretary Moniz. But I think more data and data transparency will be very important----    Secretary Moniz . For federal and state planning.    Mr. Rush. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, as I asserted in my opening statement, I believe that you will go down as one of the most consequential Energy Secretaries of our time. And again, I want to commend you on your fine work and the initiatives that you have established during your tenure. And as you know, Mr. Secretary, when one attempts to change the culture and the practices of institutions that have been doing things a certain way for a long time, then inevitably there will be resistance and apprehension when those entities are asked to change. And it is with this in mind, Mr. Secretary, that I ask you to follow up with me to gage where we are with some of the initiatives that you and I have discussed before in the past. Specifically, I would like to discuss with you the issue of inclusiveness and outreach at the publicly funded national labs including, but not limited to, Argonne and Fermi in my state. And my office will be in touch with you to schedule a meeting for some time in the very near future between you and I. It is my opinion, Mr. Secretary, that they are--Argonne and Fermi specifically, are faking and fumbling on the issues of inclusiveness and outreach. It seems to me that they are trying to run out the clock on you and I. They are not seriously taking our requests and our initiatives and our discussion to heart.    Mr. Secretary, on another issue, I would like to get your thoughts and feedback on the QER legislation that was introduced in the Senate. And I--as I said before, I will be offering a companion bill in the House soon. As you know, Mr. Secretary, this bill will simply amend the DOE Organizational Act to replace the current requirement for biannual energy processing plan with a quadrennial energy review. And can you give the subcommittee some feedback on this bill? From your understanding, would DOE take the lead in addressing a QER, and is there a need for legislation such as what I previously discussed?    Secretary Moniz. Thank you, Mr. Rush. Yes, by the way, on the consequential issue, I hope they are positive consequences. And I might also at this point say that I think our energy policy and Systems Analysis Office did a heroic job in marshaling this huge QER forward.    On your first question, and culture, et cetera, I might add that there is a wonderful expression by Peter Drucker, the famous management consultant, that culture eats strategy for breakfast. We can change rules but it is harder to change culture. But I think we are certainly making advances, certainly on the issue of minorities and energy, and if you know otherwise, I would like to discuss it with you because I do see enthusiasm going forward. Argonne, for example, one of their initiatives is in terms of making sure that minority businesses are quite aware of the opportunities for procurement. We also have, and Dot Harris has been a leader in our place-based initiative. So a good example is working, in this case, in southwest Louisiana with the enormous construction going on driven by natural gas, for training minorities to get some of those jobs. In terms of research collaborations, another example would be our Jefferson Lab, working closely with Hampton University. I mentioned the interns already. So we are going to keep pushing on all these fronts, and I want to work with you on that, and if you find problems, let me know because I will be sure to----    Mr. Rush. I certainly will----    Secretary Moniz. OK.    Mr. Rush . Mr. Secretary.    Secretary Moniz. Thank you. Secondly, on the QER and the possibility of legislation, let me say that I certainly share the driver of this, which is that I think--and by the way, the initial reaction to the QER, including in this hearing, I think is--suggests that institutionalizing this could really be very important for continuing a bipartisan Administration-Congress discussion, so I am happy to work with both chambers in terms of how that might go forward. I would say that Department of Energy, in this first installment, clearly did provide kind of the analytical horsepower for it, but I do want to note that the Executive Office of the President also played a crucial role in being able to convene 22 agencies to come together to work on it. So anyway, we would be happy to discuss that further.    Secretary Moniz. Mr. Chairman, well, first of all, as you know, I have some considerable concern about using the SPRO for anything other than energy security and resilience issues, for which it is intended. Now, first of all, I have to say, the issue of what is or might be called surplus, I think, is really part of the study going on because we understand that there are certain IEA requirements, but that may or may not be the metric for us to use. That is the first thing. Secondly, we did identify, of course, in the QER, excuse me, needs right now for modernizing the SPRO for--well, there are issues of maintenance, there are issues of modernization, and the particular issues of addressing distribution systems for getting SPRO oil onto water, in particular, in an emergency. We estimated that as $1 \1/2\ to $2 billion. That is part of the discussion with Congress, how to address that. Clearly, what you propose would be a case in which, if one were to do that, it would be being used, I would argue, for the energy security intent of the petroleum reserve.    Secretary Moniz. The motivation for recommending somewhat greater anticipatory authority is not motivated by a desire to use the SPRO to manipulate oil prices. The issue is that the current anticipatory authorities are highly restrictive. Up to 30 million barrels, and only if that keeps you above 500 million barrels. So there are issues there, and we feel that should a larger drawdown be required, or if the SPRO were at 500 million barrels, one shouldn't have to wait to see the consequences on consumers of a spike in global oil prices before one can act. So I think that is the spirit, as opposed to manipulating oil prices.    Secretary Moniz. Well, once again, I would say that that should be part of the studies really, that are going on, but I might say that it is hard to see how a major global disruption would avoid impacting our imports, because again, we still import 7 million barrels a day, only because with a major disruption, even if that, let's say, country is not directly importing to us right now, there would probably be a redistribution of the market that would impact our imports. But nevertheless, hypothetically, if that were the case, I think there would still be an issue of putting SPRO out would have the effect of backing our imports that would then equilibrate in the global market. So we could discuss that further.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. Thank you Chairman Pallone. First of all, as the data in the QER show, we have been seeing increasing impacts, probably impacting the economy, at the order of $25 billion a year on average over the last decade. And with rising sea level, the effects of storms, major tropical storms, for example, are amplified. So we feel it is very important now to address the hardening of these infrastructures, not only coastal, but coastal is one major issue, and that is why we recommend a joint set of initiatives. One is to provide energy assurance grants for states to do planning, and to provide a basis for the states to then compete for what we recommend as a several billion dollar opportunity for these hardening kinds of activities. I will give one example. It happens to be in New Jersey. It was not part of the recommendations here, but in New Jersey, there was the case where we cost-shared with the state, a study on implementation of a very significant micro grid to protect electrified transportation corridors. The state then used that study to compete for Sandy recovery money, and in fact, got several hundred million dollars to implement that. That is the kind of thing. Do these studies get technical assistance, and then have the opportunity to move forward with cost sharing major resiliency projects.    Secretary Moniz. Well, it could be, again, any kind of project that hardens infrastructure. The electric grid has clearly shown vulnerability to storms. So it could be things like I mentioned with micro grids. It could be the use of advanced technologies. I could mention some things like synchrophasors that would allow system operators to respond much more quickly to something that is happening, to protect spreading of a blackout, for example. It could be in terms of fuels requirements. One of the recommendations that we have in there is to expand analyses of what different kinds of regional product reserves might do. Now, this is a case where, again, in the northeast and New Jersey----    Secretary Moniz . We have already moved there, but there are issues in California, there are issues in the southeast, there could be issues in the upper Midwest. And so we recommend that. And there could be opportunities there for new resiliency projects.    Secretary Moniz. If I----    Secretary Moniz. If I may, I might just add that this is an example of the importance of the broader view of energy security, including resilience of our infrastructure.    Secretary Moniz. I asked for this.    Secretary Moniz. I don't know but I am covering my wallet.    Secretary Moniz. I think the key issue, Mr. Barton, is whether or not in a country like ours, that still imports 7 million barrels a day, the question would be whether that did or did not stimulate any appreciable additional production. And that would be the issue in terms of global price. Internally, there would be an issue as to how rents are shared between, say, refiners and producers, but in terms of the economy-wide, the real issue was whether there is more production, and certainly in today's market, it is hard to imagine that happening. Now, in a future market----    Secretary Moniz. Nor am I.    Secretary Moniz. Absolutely, yes.    Secretary Moniz. EIA has confirmed that.    Secretary Moniz. Well, yes. And again, I think they are all in agreement with the fundamentals that, again, the issue is whether or not such a move would lead to an increase of production of any appreciable magnitude. If it doesn't, then there is essentially no impact on price.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. Again, that is the key issue. We----    Secretary Moniz. I think we all agree on the facts.    Secretary Moniz. Well, certainly, I think one of the very important ones, as I already mentioned, is this issue of providing funding, particularly for states, to compete for good projects that will provide resiliency of infrastructure. I think that is a very important one. Another one is we recommend a fund that again would allow for competition for accelerating the modernization of natural gas distribution infrastructure for both environmental and safety reasons. Clearly, the Federal Government should not and cannot pay for what may be a quarter trillion dollar bill, but what we recommend is acceleration in which the Federal Government could help absorb any great increase for low income families. Those are two examples of the number.    Secretary Moniz. Yes. Well, in fact, we all know California is in the lead, as if often the case----    Secretary Moniz . In terms of storage. And clearly, except for the places geographically where pumped storage is available, we still need to bring down the costs of storage, but they are coming down. They could be a game changer in terms of large-scale, variable renewables, but also distributed storage at the household or commercial enterprise level could be another game changer, particularly in terms of distributed generation enablement.    Secretary Moniz. Well, the technology is available. It is the cost. And we probably need another factor of two to three reduction in the cost to make it wide-spread available.    Secretary Moniz. Well, we don't see any evidence in our analyses yet that this could not be managed in a pretty normal way. For example, we did a specific analysis in terms of the natural gas transmission infrastructure because of the issues raised in terms of dramatically expanding gas use in the power sector, and that found that while one would probably have some regional issues to develop, it was not like we needed a massive program because we actually have been building out that infrastructure pretty substantially for the last 15 years, and frankly, there is overcapacity. So we don't see that as, you know, as a particularly difficult issue.    Secretary Moniz. I think it would be just in the normal process. As the supply distribution is understood in that region, the companies would go through the usual FERC process for, let's say, interstate gas transmission pipes.    Secretary Moniz. I believe that it is--what I would say is I think it has really gained traction. It has been--in my view, I will be honest, I think it is a little bit slow getting going, but I think now the whole pre-application standardization has kind of come into play, and I think that we do need to, in fact, keep up the pace and, if anything, strengthen it, yes.    Secretary Moniz. And, Mr. Olson, thank you. You have asked me this question before, and let me say that the answer is basically yes. I know our DOE staff has worked with both sides on this, and I think we are quite comfortable with it. Thank you.    Secretary Moniz. Sixty-five.    Secretary Moniz. In particular, I would say actually last week, I spent four, I want to emphasize, workdays in Mexico with Western Hemisphere and other energy ministers. The energy reform in Mexico, I think, offers tremendous opportunities for us. Clearly, in the hydrocarbon sector. We know that. Our companies are going to Mexico in the current auctions, and are prepared to offer lots of technical assistance to get engaged in the shale plays as well. However, in discussions with Minister Joaquin, the Energy Minister of Mexico, he has emphasized something that I agree with, and that is that the reform of the electricity sector may actually offer qualitatively new opportunities because the reform, I think, will bring our systems of regulation, et cetera, and standards much more into alignment, as we have with Canada, where we have a completely integrated electricity system.    So we are looking forward to that. It is going to be a major focus. We have both a bilateral working group that I chair on the American side with the--it is a multiagency group, with the Minister of Environment in Mexico, Minister Guerra. And then I also am one of the three chairs of Canada, U.S. Mexico trilateral energy ministers, and we are already well along into a trilateral data cooperation. And just last week, we have a release that went out, I would be happy to get it to you----    Secretary Moniz . Where the three of us announced that we are now going to expand the cooperation----    Secretary Moniz . With a full agenda laid out, which will include things like emissions and hydrocarbon production, and energy infrastructure issues. So it is a very, very active----    Secretary Moniz. Sorry.    Secretary Moniz. Yes, yes.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. I am sorry, Mr. Green----    Secretary Moniz . Can you modify the question?    Secretary Moniz. I guess I am not quite sure if that is actually part of the NEPA process or not.    Clearly, there are, in general, when we make public interest determinations, cumulative impacts are part of that.    Secretary Moniz. Absolutely. We always require an EIS, yes.    Secretary Moniz. Yes. Yes, all right.    Secretary Moniz. Certainly. We always require, yes, NEPA compliance.    Secretary Moniz. Well, if I might take a step back. I think there are two principles that we would always insist upon. One is proper environmental review----    Secretary Moniz . And secondly would be a judgment that this is in the public interest. I think those are the two basic principles.    Secretary Moniz. Well, again, clearly, I think we need to make sure that the environmental requirements are met. So if the proposal would curtail that, then obviously I would not support it.    Secretary Moniz. No, I am not.    Secretary Moniz. I really had better check that with my general counsel.    Secretary Moniz. I would have thought not, but I am----    Secretary Moniz. Wires.    Secretary Moniz. Yes. Well, again, my assumption is that, again, the two principles are there. The environmental impact, which is the NEPA process, certainly for the part in the United States, and the determination of public interest. Those are the two requirements and the two principles that I would uphold.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. OK, and I would be happy to discuss that.    Secretary Moniz. OK.    Secretary Moniz. Great.    Secretary Moniz. Yes, it certainly can in many cases, yes.    Secretary Moniz. I am not aware of it, but--yes.    Secretary Moniz. Well, only in the sense that, obviously, I have seen discussions about other pipelines to take out things east or west, for example, but----    Secretary Moniz. Yes, I think it is like 74 pipelines or something.    Secretary Moniz. Well, obviously, as was already stated, the pipelines, as you know, are not in our jurisdiction, the wires are, and I think it is going pretty straightforwardly. I might add that just the projects discussed over the last 5 years for new transmission lines would total about 5 gigawatts of additional capacity coming into the northeast.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. If I may just----    Secretary Moniz. About a week and a half ago, we did approve for potential FTA re-export a natural gas project to Canada.    Secretary Moniz. Could you clarify? If we did what exactly?    Secretary Moniz. Well, again, as I said earlier, the whole issue of energy security is we are looking at it in a broader sense than the traditional way. And by the way, maybe not here, but if you would like we would be happy to come to your office and discuss the work on Ukraine specifically, since that seems to be an interest potentially.    Secretary Moniz. We would be happy to do that----    Secretary Moniz . But anyway, we are trying to expedite these issues.    Secretary Moniz. Well, in terms of the grid, including both the transmission and distribution systems, I think one major theme is that we need to really push forward on what we have just barely started, and that is real integration of information technology into the grid and all of the associated requirements to take the data to be analyzed, of course. Synchrophasors are a part of that. We can discuss that some other time.    Secretary Moniz. But sensors, control systems, coupling information technology into distributed decision-making so that the grid can respond quickly if there is something developing on the reliability side, for example. So that really is, I would say, the overarching theme, more and more information technology integration into that system. That does, of course, potentially exacerbate another thing you mentioned which is the cyber risk that we have to stay ahead of. And I would say there, I just might add that under the leadership of our deputy secretary, we head something called the Energy Sector Coordinating Council which has EEI and a number of CEOs that meet three times a year to discuss these kinds of risks to the infrastructure, to the grids especially. On the grid, there are some other issues besides those I mentioned, such as the role of potentially long-distance DC transmission where that is much more prevalent in other parts of the world right now, but again, IT, I would say, number 1 in terms of where we have to go.    Secretary Moniz. There is still really a lot of program design to do, and we would be happy to talk with the members about that. I think the way we have been envisioning it is principally through the states, but hoping that the states, to be competitive, would be working with localities and tribes in the appropriate states, for example. But that is all a detailed program design that----    Secretary Moniz. OK, we will take that under consideration.    Secretary Moniz. Yes, it has been raised before in terms of cities wanting to be able to have--be direct applicants.    Secretary Moniz. I think we are still importing close to 7 million barrels a day of crude oil----    Secretary Moniz . Although we are net exporters of about 2 \1/2\ million barrels of oil products. So our net imports are maybe 4 \1/2\ million barrels.    Secretary Moniz. Well, as I said, frankly, I think in our current situation where we are still major importers, relaxation of export is probably likely to more or less just swap around different oil qualities in different places, as opposed to lead to tremendously increased production or demand. That is my view.    Secretary Moniz. I think the----    Secretary Moniz. I think the key is that even as we are producing more, and this debate is going on in terms of exports, I think the important thing is, and we satisfy this, is keep your eye on the ball for reducing oil dependence. And that means we are aggressive on efficient vehicles, we are aggressive in terms of developing low carbon fuel alternatives, like next generation biofuels, and we are aggressive in supporting the move towards electrification of vehicles with clean electricity supplying those vehicles. So----    Secretary Moniz. No, I was just going to say, and if you look at it, we are, I think, succeeding. For example, in the last--I think it is 5--I forget, some number of years, maybe a decade, even as our population has increased, as our GDP has increased 13 percent, we have actually decreased petroleum fuel use.    Secretary Moniz. I would be pleased to. Starting in the middle of 2014, the G7 energy ministers together with the EU met to discuss energy security issues, and that included specifically the Russia-Ukraine situation. Out of that came a commitment to work with Ukraine for that winter. And so DOE led a team of several U.S. agencies, plus Canadian experts, that went to Ukraine several times and guided them to a winter contingency plan for energy. So that occurred. Including, by the way, a tabletop exercise at the level of the deputy prime minister. Then we are back there helping them again look forward to next winter, but other things as well. For example, we pointed out the dependence not only on natural gas, but on Russian nuclear fuel. And you may have seen now that has led to Westinghouse now has a contract to be a fuel supplier for the Russian reactors in Ukraine. This has caught the attention of some, breaking a monopoly again. So we are working in a number of ways to help Ukraine on the energy situation.    Secretary Moniz. I can't give you an exact date, but I expect it quite soon. So I don't think it is going to be an impediment because today, we are--8 \1/2\ I think BCF per day. Approved for non-FTA countries.    Secretary Moniz. I think that will depend on the specifics of how it is negotiated, but it may very well provide FTA status to more countries, in which case the approval is, you know, more or less automatic. Although I would caution, because this statement is also often raised with regard to TTIP and Europe, that the reality is that the market prices probably have a bigger impact than whether you are labeled FTA or non-    Secretary Moniz. Well, we have made our statements very clear on that, in particular, in a hearing in the Senate, that we, frankly, find it unnecessary. We have been acting quite quickly. It is workable. We have said it is workable. We can work with it, but we don't think it is necessary.    Secretary Moniz. Well, again, I imagine we are going to meet our needs, and so right now, if we export a barrel, we are going to import a barrel to replace it. So as I said earlier, the only real issue in terms of the exports is whether that would lead to any material increase of production as opposed to just, in effect, swapping oil. There could be some issues there in terms of oil quality. For example, the Mexicans have specifically petitioned for a swap in which we would send light oil to Mexico in return for heavier oil coming back. That is an example of a swap. But I have to say it is not as though we have not been able to absorb all of the oil production today in the United States. It has been--so anyway----    Secretary Moniz. Well, again, as you said, PHMSA obviously is in the Department of Transportation, and I would certainly be happy to talk with Secretary Fox and get back to you, but obviously, the QER focus is, we have to rebuild infrastructure in a way that is reliable and resilient, and I would say this is an example of resilience by having the kinds of safety systems in place that maybe cannot avoid but can dramatically limit the impacts. So this is just part of why we need this discussion, I think.    Secretary Moniz. Thank you.    Secretary Moniz. I just mentioned that that is what the Mexicans have petitioned for because, I think in the--currently, we do not have authorities for exporting oil directly to Mexico, my understanding is it isn't at DOE, of course, but my understanding is they asked for this kind of idea of a swap.    Secretary Moniz. Which is under consideration, I believe, at the Department of Commerce, I believe.    Secretary Moniz. Well, I believe we have the authorities, but only under emergency conditions.    Secretary Moniz. Well, I don't know what is appropriate for statutory direction, but I think utilities, for example, on physical security. Many of them have taken significant steps since the California incident. They are not always advertised for obvious reasons, but they have been doing that. Similarly by the way, many of the utilities--but the reason we need to complete a study on the transformer issues, whether it is because of a physical attack or just wear and tear, a number of utilities have really moved in terms of their backup there, but it is not uniform. And, of course, we have very, very different utility structures, organizational structures, so it is very different for IOUs versus co-ops, et cetera. So I think that is an example where, maybe after a study, some statutory action could be called for in terms of how do we provide appropriate resilience to the low probability but very high consequence of not having access to big transformers.    Secretary Moniz. Well, that is another risk that we identified. There are studies on that. The National Academy has studied that. I would say it is, once again, an example of a probably low probability but significant consequence possibility.    There has been----    Secretary Moniz. Well, I am not going to give a number, but it is just--it is low.    Secretary Moniz. But again, there has been hardening done by many to keep transformers, et cetera.    Secretary Moniz. I am sorry, could you----    Secretary Moniz. I think that is very important. Once again, the Energy Sector Coordinating Council that our deputy secretary heads is part of that public-private partnership. And by the way, I have to say groups like EEI have been just excellent partners in that. And in terms of information-sharing, just one particular example, there is a lot of information-sharing in terms of reliable operations, et cetera, but one area I would highlight that this council does is including through providing selective security clearances sharing cyber threat data with the private sector.    Secretary Moniz. Well, certainly, things like mercury restrictions obviously raise costs, and that is always the cost calculation. But again, I think by far the dominant issue over these last years has been gas prices of $2.50. And for certainly inefficient coal plants, even the variable cost is beat by natural gas combined cycle.    Secretary Moniz. Including the look to God.    Secretary Moniz. For efficiency?    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. Great. Well, thank you, Mr. Welch. So the four questions--well, actually, the third question on the emission standards of biomass stoves I think is something that we will get back to you on because I just don't know the answer right now, but that is one we can take care of.    On the energy efficiency in Vermont, well, again, we are--and as you know, I was in Vermont with the delegation, and Vermont has done a fabulous job in terms of efficiency, with novel, novel business models for supplying energy. But I would say there, the main thing, the recommendation in the QER of relevance to that, and to a certain extent to the net metering discussion as well, is that we need to develop, at at DOE we will start really delving into this much more, we need to devise a much better way of valuing all the services that can be provided in the electricity system. Efficiency, storage, diversity, capacity, power quality, there are all of these issues, and when we had the traditional business model and it was basically one way from a central plant to a house, well, it kind of all got lumped together. But now with much more diversity, with storage coming in in some cases, distributed generation, we know that energy efficiency, this involves another hot issue right now that is in the courts, is to what extent does end-use efficiency come back all the way to the wholesale market, which FERC is engaged in. So I think this issue of valuing all the services is really core, and that is something that we want to, over the next months, really work hard on, and that is something that needs dialog with the members. So that is, I think, an absolute critical recommendation.    And on terms of electricity prices and real-time prices, I would just note that the EIA has, in fact, not so long ago, launched a new product which has much more real-time data being collected from the ISOs and the RTOs and combined together so that one can research it and one can understand how prices are moving.    Secretary Moniz. Well, Mr. McKinley, first of all, of course, we all feel, for whatever reason, when there are these major disruptions in communities, it is obviously something that we need to pay attention to. And the Administration does have some programs to look at some retraining, particularly in the overlap areas with natural gas production, the Power Plus Plan that has been put forward, but I recognize that these don't address 45 percent of a workforce. So they help in the right direction, but they certainly do not ``solve the problem.''    Secretary Moniz. No.    Secretary Moniz. We----    Secretary Moniz. Well, look, again, I am completely with you. This is a very, very difficult. I think in the end, it is about having to try to produce some other economic opportunities. Revitalization, some retraining, and----    Secretary Moniz. But these are real--you understand, these are real people that have----    Secretary Moniz. Yes, and I----    Secretary Moniz. I understand.    SAnd the following is not on the right timescale for you, but I have said previously, I think in front of this committee as well, that we do have many programs, many different kinds of programs, that are addressing the issue of a future of coal, even in a low-carbon world, but that is not going to solve that gentleman's problem tomorrow. I completely agree with that.    Secretary Moniz. I think the key----    Secretary Moniz. He has to be----    Secretary Moniz. The key has to be economic development and providing other opportunities. And I might just mention, Mr. McKinley, that--and I am happy to say it here, that recently Senator Manchin has asked me to come to West Virginia, and I would be happy to join him and you and come to West Virginia and try to understand the situation and what we can do.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. I am having a hard time hearing you.    Secretary Moniz. Thank you. Thank you, that is better.    Secretary Moniz. Thank you. Well, first on the regional gasoline reserve. As you know, that has been established with a million barrels, distributed in three locations from the New York Harbor area, up to Portland, Maine, and that complement to the heating oil reserve that was established some years back. I might point out that one of the recommendations, by the way--which I would put in front of the committee is that it would be very useful if the authorities for using those reserves could be harmonized because they are quite different, and this would not help in terms of a coordinated response in terms of an issue. So that is successfully put in place. It is paid for as well for 4 \1/2\ years of operation. And I might add, we are currently now about \1/3\ of the way through to using the remainder of the money to repurchase 4.2 million barrels of crude oil to go back into the reserve, because we took out 5 million, so it will be 4.2 crude, 1 million gasoline, and 4 \1/2\ years of operations of the reserve.    Secondly, with regard to the grid and resiliency, again, I would like to highlight what we consider to be one of the most important recommendations, actually, two recommendations, one is to support, in our fiscal year 2016 budget request, state assurance grants to allow planning for hardening infrastructure. And then, and this is a case we have to find out working with you, how to raise the revenue, how to raise the resources, but to establish several billion dollars for competitive resiliency projects. That could include things like micro grids, but designed for resiliency of the energy system.    Secretary Moniz. Well, I think these are very important. Of course, one that was approved recently was the Champlain Hudson line that would take power to New York from--hydropower. And there are a variety of projects for 4 to 5 gigawatts of additional hydropower that could be available to the northeast and upper Midwest. This, obviously, would be clean energy to meet our needs.    Secretary Moniz. Well, of course, I don't know well enough the exact geography and the distribution of power plants. If I talk more broadly, one of the issues, clearly, is the continuing build-out of the transmission system to move power around effectively. And I might say that I was a little bit surprised, frankly, with the data that came out in the QER that the spending on transmission in the country has actually reached $14, $15 billion per year with a continuous increase, basically, over the last 10 to 15 years. So we actually don't think that any significant increase in resources will be required. The issue will be to make sure that the lines are configured, of course, to make sure that energy gets to all the various places.    Secretary Moniz. I think we will have to get back to you with a lot of the detail, but let me make several points. First of all on the resources issue, we were very clear that we had about half a billion dollars proposed in the fiscal year 2016 budget to address various QER recommendations, but there were another $15 billion of need identified, which we were very clear we have to have a discussion in terms of where can those resources come from. That is over many years, but still. So specifically, the funding for the acceleration of natural gas distribution infrastructure replacement is not in our budget. So that is one those cases. And we have in the past, of course, had many examples of raising resources in various ways for major infrastructure projects. I think that is the discussion we need to have with the Congress, are we prepared to find these mechanisms for a significant push on energy infrastructure.    Secretary Moniz. Right, and what we are seeing today, by the way, at least for these years, I have a place in D.C., and on my bill there is a specific surcharge on there for replacement of the natural gas distribution pipe. What we are saying is we think this needs to be accelerated. I will be clear, I guess it is Washington Gas, I don't know, whoever it is, the surcharge is for a 40-year replacement program. That seems like an awfully long time. So what we are arguing is we need to shorten these--utilities are typically doing this many, many decades to keep the rate low. We are saying, geez, we need to accelerate this. And what we are proposing is funding that would go to help low-income households absorb the rate hit.    Secretary Moniz. We can try to do that.    Secretary Moniz. If I may make a suggestion that might be useful. We have a very, very excellent person named Dave Foster who is really the creator of our Job Strategy Council. Perhaps a meeting with those of you with kind of Appalachian connections in coal, just to brainstorm around what might be other ways of going. I would be happy to do that.    Secretary Moniz. Yes, I would----    Secretary Moniz . Be happy to do that.    Secretary Moniz. Certainly, the two of you and Mr. McKinley would be among those.    Secretary Moniz. Well, I have to say first of all that we are not procrastinating. Now, we have approved--and by--this is separate from the conditional approval that we made last week for the Alaska project, because that is a separate gas source, but for the lower 48 we have approved roughly 8 \1/2\ billion cubic feet per day to non-Free Trade Agreement countries. We have no other applications to work on at the moment. And just to give a scale, I mean the largest LNG exporter in the world is Qatar, and they are at about 10 billion cubic feet per day. Now, the first cargos----    Secretary Moniz. Well----    Secretary Moniz. I think that, first of all, there is a lot of misunderstanding, to be honest, number one. Number two, clearly, they are sitting there with $12, $15 gas, and they see us at $2.50, and they think that looks pretty good. Now, of course, by the time it reaches them, when you add $6 or $7 for the supply chain, it is not going to be our prices, but it still beats their prices. So clearly, they have an interest. They want to see that. Well, the fact is that if you look at the economic studies that have been done, not by DOE, by others, in terms of what they expect to be our real export market, very few of them come in above, say, 10 BCF per day, given competition in various parts of the world. So all I know is that is for the private sector to sort out.    We have studies that take us up to a potential 12 BCF per day. Earlier it was pointed out we have commissioned another study that would even look at 20 BCF per day, but in the meantime, we have approved 8 \1/2\. The projects are being built. The first cargos will get on the water probably the beginning of 2016, and then we are going to start exporting.    Another issue is, and a lot of our European friends say, they want the gas, I might just point out as an aside, no value judgments, there are a lot of places in the world that don't want to develop their own indigenous resources but would like ours. OK, well, that is fine, but we do not direct where cargos go. We approve export licenses to non-FTA countries, and those are commercial contracts. Frankly, it is a constitutional issue in terms of our not doing that.    Secretary Moniz. Well, yes, sir. First of all, on the transformer reserve, we are moving forward to study that. We have one study already from WAPA, our western organization, but we are moving forward on that and will, depending on the study, engage then in the appropriate public-private partnership to make sure that we are secure.    With regard to grid security emergencies, again, we already do a lot of this. We work under the FEMA umbrella. We are the lead agency for energy infrastructure. And so, for example, you may have read about the typhoon going through Guam a couple of weeks ago I think it was, well, we had a person in Guam as part of the FEMA response for energy infrastructure. So we are already doing this. Now, additional authorities could be helpful.    Secretary Moniz. Well, again, first of all, we analyze these issues, but of course, we don't have a final rule yet to know how to analyze it. But what we have done to date and what we have done in terms of technical analysis around the proposal of last year, again, suggests that reliability will be quite manageable, but we have to wait to get the final rule before we can really do the----    Secretary Moniz. Well, as I mentioned earlier, one example of something that we did, there was an issue around the projected significant increase of natural gas for the power sector versus coal, and when we looked at the infrastructure issues of the gas delivery, we just did not find that there was likely to be any significant challenge. There would be some work to do, but not a significant challenge.    Secretary Moniz. Well----    Secretary Moniz. Yes, well, the money issue is relevant, and I must say I was very, very disappointed in the appropriations mark, which did not provide any funding for either the reliability or the assurance grants, which I think is shortsighted, to be perfectly honest, because I think the states need to have this kind of planning capability. We would provide technical assistance. Now, in terms of program design, that remains to be done, but what we envision will be ultimately proposals around things like micro grids, for example, for reliability and resilience. We would see, again, the integration of IT and smart grids as providing those services. And as I said, we hope in the reliability and assurance arenas to then have funding for competitive cost-share grants.    Secretary Moniz. I think the criteria--well, that still remains to be worked out completely, but the criteria, no, would be around enhanced reliability and resilience. That is the criteria.    Secretary Moniz. I think----    Secretary Moniz. No, I think----    Secretary Moniz. I think the same criteria, but the way the projects would be structured would look very different depending upon the regional and state resources.    Secretary Moniz. Well, again, obviously, more flexibilities are always welcome, but I think the fundamentals of the oil export question are those that we discussed earlier, I think. And I agree with you, of course, in terms of your economic argument.    Secretary Moniz. Well, I think, first of all, you have stated the basic conclusion: that one would see over some year to 2 years, certainly, several hundred thousand barrels per day, probably of increased production. That would go into the 95 million barrel per day or so pool. There are so many uncertainties in that timescale; in particular, on the demand side. For example, a recovering European economy would put substantial then pressure on the supply side. Clearly, the nuclear negotiation is quite independent of that dynamic. That is about nuclear weapons issues that we think are important to block.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. Well, it is all supply and demand and, you know----    Secretary Moniz. Right.    Secretary Moniz. Well, I think the big difference is that we import 700 million barrels a day of crude oil. We are not a net exporter. We are an importer.    Secretary Moniz. Well, that is quite a few years away. We are still--even if you add in oil products, we are still at 4 \1/2\ million products a day.    Secretary Moniz. So----    Secretary Moniz. More than that.    Secretary Moniz. Well----    Secretary Moniz. But first of all, let me emphasize that I did state that what we have seen to date, but we, of course, await a final rule. Secondly, of course, demand--now, I am talking nationally, not in any particular specific region----    Secretary Moniz. No, no, sure. Well, every plant----    Secretary Moniz. Well, I mean, first of all, I made it very clear that I--the same when I discussed the natural gas transmission pipes, there will be local issues that have to be resolved in some places with new infrastructure, all I can do is look at the broad picture nationally and note that, first of all, electricity demand nationally is not going up, it is essentially flat. We are building a significant amount of natural gas and wind, in particular, capacity----    Secretary Moniz . Annually----    Secretary Moniz. And Oklahoma, by the way----    Secretary Moniz . Has plenty of wind.    Secretary Moniz. I----    Secretary Moniz. I did not----    Secretary Moniz. I did not say that. All I said was that we are building substantial capacity even as out demand is flat, and secondly----    Secretary Moniz . We have substantial----    Secretary Moniz. Right.    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. No, what I am saying is that, first of all, we have about 68,000 megawatts of wind, but what I am saying is that there will, obviously, all the local planning authorities will have to be planning, but at the macro level, we are not seeing the likelihood of enormous challenges. We are being cautious. We have to wait for the final rule to come into place.    Secretary Moniz. Well----    Secretary Moniz. I mean----    Secretary Moniz. Look, first of all, in our system, the private sector obviously builds the power plants, builds----    Secretary Moniz. No.    Secretary Moniz. The----    Secretary Moniz. Obviously, there is a responsibility of government, whether statutory or regulatory, to set certain rules of the road in terms of environmental protection, et cetera, et cetera. The private sector and typically state regulatory bodies then respond to that. So----    Secretary Moniz . That is the way it works.    Secretary Moniz. There----    Secretary Moniz. They are no more----    Secretary Moniz . Or no less plan than there always has been.    Secretary Moniz. Well, first of all, I don't think it is tens of billions of dollars, so it is quite a bit less than that.    Secretary Moniz. But the----    Secretary Moniz. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. But I think the answer is that, yes, it will prove to have been very, very well spent.    Secretary Moniz. I am not aware of that statement.    Secretary Moniz. The----    Secretary Moniz. The----    Secretary Moniz. If I may say, the--currently, obviously, the Climate Action Plan that we are executing is based upon administrative authorities to get an economy-wide approach eventually, but it will require legislation.    Secretary Moniz. I think we need to see what the nature of this agreement is. There are many agreements----    Secretary Moniz . That are political agreements.    Secretary Moniz. I think it very much depends upon what the nature of the agreement is.    Secretary Moniz. Excuse me?    Secretary Moniz. As I said earlier, the situations are completely different, and we are a large importer of oil.    Secretary Moniz. Obviously, for Iran----    Secretary Moniz. Obviously----    Secretary Moniz . If Iran----    Secretary Moniz . Had sanctions lifted, it helps their economy.    Secretary Moniz. And it indeed helps us----    Secretary Moniz . On the nuclear weapons side. As I said earlier, the only issue on oil exports in the United States of large-scale relevance is whether or not there is a significant increase in production as a result, and I have said, in the current oil market, that may be a difficult case to make.    Secretary Moniz. Essentially, all of it. The QER is really aimed clearly at facilitating more clean energy, but it is about energy security, resilience of our infrastructure, it is about North American energy, it has huge, huge implications for our energy infrastructure, independent of the climate issues.    Secretary Moniz. Well, thank you. And we certainly appreciated, by the way, your participation in the QER field hearing in North Dakota, along with your Senate colleagues.    First of all, I think you have put your finger on really what was the main driver of our discussion on this subject in the QER, and that was the need for more data. To be perfectly honest, the railroads have not always been the most transparent in terms of data availability. And I think that has certainly been improved, and certainly, the issues around coal, for example, have been certainly relieved. There are other issues, as we know, in terms of oil by rail that are being addressed, and I might say that with the Department of Transportation we have now launched the next phase of the study of relevance to crude properties and rail.    Secretary Moniz. It will take about 18 months before we are ready with that. But I think you are absolutely right. We have had some progress on the data front and EIA, by the way, is playing a role in there as well.    Secretary Moniz. So it is great.    Mr. Rush. Yes.    Secretary Moniz. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you, gentlemen.    Mr. Rush. Mr. Chairman, we will have our first meeting relatively soon.    Secretary Moniz. OK.