    Mr. Walz. Well, good morning, and I want to thank the Chairman for holding today's hearing, and I associate myself with his comments on the need to get this done on time. That should be the standard, and that is what should be expected to give that certainty to our shippers, and to our global market partners. And I certainly look forward to working with everyone on the Subcommittee to get this done.    I want to thank our witnesses for being here. We have a wide variety of expertise amongst us, from Farm Bureau to NGFA to our friends in labor at AFGE, the folks who do the work out there.    I fully expect this cross-section of views will promote a vigorous debate, and that is what we are here to do. I think the reason, and everyone knows, the one overriding theme that we are here for is we must maintain the integrity of the system. It must be the gold standard as it has always been. It must be done that way, and we all absolutely agree upon that. There may be some divergence of opinion on how we get there. That is our job to get done. So I look forward to hearing those opinions, working with Chairman Crawford, a Chairman who I know is committed, as he always has been, to get this done on time, to get it done in a manner that satisfies all parties involved, and that we can move forward doing what we do best: feed the world. And that is what you do, and that is what we want to see happen.    And so I thank you, Chairman, for holding this hearing, and again, I look forward to working with you to get this done on time.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman, and would recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, who is not here just yet, he will be here later on, we will recognize him when he arrives. And I would also like to recognize the Ranking Member of the full Committee for any opening statement he would like to make. Mr. Peterson.    Mr. Walz. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you all for your testimony.    Mr. Winkles, I thank you, and you do have a unique perspective on this of actually being in the grain business, working the elevator. How would you describe, your opinion, the working relationship with the grain inspectors?    Mr. Walz. Does the system work? When it is working, does it work?    Mr. Walz. Have any of you witnessed a situation that happened in Washington, or do you have another example of that happening, a disruption of that magnitude? Would it be safe to say then, at this point in time it is an isolated case?    Mr. Walz. Yes.    Mr. Friant.--in service similar----    Mr. Walz. Because we looked at this one too, and if I could, Mr. Chairman, submit to the record, the Washington State Delegation, in a bipartisan manner, unanimously sent a letter and said the system works, don't mess up the system, just address it so that we have a safeguard in there in case this situation arises. So I am interpreting that that they are pretty happy with the way the system is functioning, when it is, make sure we put something in place to make sure this doesn't happen.    Mr. Walz. And so I want to come back, Mr. Friant. You are asking for some changes on this. Could you tell me the cost of official grain inspection here as opposed to the other countries you talk about? It is far more expensive, about a penny a bushel, is that correct?    Mr. Walz. If you would, that would be great.    Mr. Cox, on this, how many inspectors are employed?    Mr. Walz. Would you happen to know the length of time that they have been doing that? The average length of time.    Mr. Walz. So to train up a reserve force to step in in a situation like Washington State, are there people out there that can do that right now?    Mr. Walz. Okay. This one is interesting, and, Mr. Friant, the value-added that the inspectors add is an important topic you brought up, and you mentioned on this the non-grade determination testing that private third parties are doing. Has the industry asked FGIS to do that also in addition to their normal duties of weight?    Mr. Walz. Okay, so it is not as if they asked and they said no that we are not going to do this, am I right in my interpreting this that there is a value-added that you said these other groups can provide that FGIS is not right now?    Mr. Walz. Not able or not willing?    Mr. Walz. Okay. Mr. Cox, do you know, at this point, how that would be if there were these requests from buyers to add to what is there, can that be done?    Mr. Walz. I would end with Mr. Winkles', it was in your testimony, you served this right, it is how our customers view this process is paramount in this, and if those are things that can enhance what we are doing, that is an area that we should explore, but I would also make the case that I do think we need to learn from what happened in Washington, but I would caution us not to upset a very good and functional system over that incident.    I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Scott, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Friant, I want to follow up a little bit on what Congressman Walz was talking about with the testing. And can you give us some examples of the kinds of tests that are being performed by the independent third parties, who is requesting these tests, and are they being done primarily at the request of a particular end-user, or is that coming from an importer or a broker?    Mr. Walz. Well, again, I thank the Chairman and our witnesses. Thank you for helping provide this. You are experts in this field, you deal with it daily, and as we said, giving you the certainty and protecting the integrity of the system. And it is prudent to have a fallback, if you will, a safety valve if a situation like Washington State arises, but making sure we keep the integrity of a working system in place. So I thank you for the time, and I appreciate the Chairman's commitment, and you have the commitment of the folks up here. Let's get this reauthorized, let's get it done on time and give you the certainty.    I yield back.    The Chairman. And I thank the gentleman, and would echo those sentiments.    I appreciate the panelists for being here. And certainly it is our goal to get this reauthorized in a timely fashion, and be prepared, as the Ranking Member alluded to, that we do have a safety valve in position that we can utilize if the need arises.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material, and supplementary written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    This Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management is now adjourned.