    Mr. Westerman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have a question for Director Goldfuss.    You did state rather emphatically, and included in your written testimony, that carbon pollution is the biggest driver of climate change. You know, that obviously is debatable. It has been debated here quite a bit today. But I want to go past that, and I want to pretend with you that carbon is arch enemy number one. And I want to talk through some of the issues in your draft, because I believe, as proposed, your calorie counter will make the atmosphere fat with carbon and defeat your purpose to reduce carbon.    I have a fitness app on my phone. I think it is called Fitness Pal. So if we had a CEQ app on our smartphone called Carbon Pal, how would it register current management of Federal lands? Would it show that they are sequestering more carbon? More of a sync? Are they more of an emitter?    Mr. Westerman. So how would you say it would rank with privately managed land?    Mr. Westerman. So not even an idea of whether privately managed lands sequesters more carbon, or publicly managed land? So we really don't know what is going on there with our carbon sequestration on Federal lands.    You--assuming in your position you are familiar with the carbon--photosynthesis, the way that works, how when we----    Mr. Westerman. Trees pull carbon dioxide out of the air, and that is what makes them grow, and everything. Probably also familiar with the biological growth curve, how the younger something is, the faster it grows. So, naturally, the faster it is growing, the more carbon it is pulling out of the air.    My concern is, in reading through this draft, that some of the recommendations that you would be making might cause forestry managers, or other managers of public lands, to stop some of their forestry management practices because of this concern of emitting too much carbon, which--prescribed burn is a method to manage land. Also, harvesting.    I am also concerned that people who are in the biomass energy business, they will get left out because somebody will interpret this to say biomass is really not carbon neutral. How would you address those concerns?    Mr. Westerman. Well, my question was, really, how do you prevent your data from being used wrongly, so that the renewable fuels business--that biomass isn't considered a renewable fuel because somebody says, ``Well, you cut down trees to make biomass, or you cut down any kind of vegetation to make biomass, you are increasing the carbon load,'' when, by science, we know that--back to that growth curve. When something grows back, it is pulling out more carbon out of the atmosphere than what was actually cut.    Mr. Westerman. I think you are correct, if we are using appropriate science. But what I am hearing from the field is that people who manage land on national forests are concerned that they are not going to be able to manage the land any more, which is going to cause it to slow down its growth. It is going to cause it to be more susceptible to wildfire, which is going to, in the end, have catastrophic wildfire that puts more carbon into the atmosphere.    So, I just have a real concern that the way these rules are proposed, it is going to ultimately add to more carbon in the atmosphere, which, if you follow your statement, would be detrimental.    Mr. Westerman. I am out of time, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Jim, do you need more time, or are you ready?