    Mr. Lucas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And one of the great things about the Committee hearing process, as the Committee knows, and I am sure our witnesses have experienced, there are issues that are so important that they have to be discussed and discussed and discussed in order to burn it in.    So in that regard, Mr. Lukken, I would like to turn to you, and be specific about once again discussing in the many instances where clearinghouse members or banks that are subject to the Basel capital rules which require them to hold that capital against the guarantee they provide for their clients. As I have personally repeatedly said in many of these hearings, and in conversations even with Chair Yellen, we can all agree that banks have exposure in the event their clients are unable to fulfill their obligations, and should hold capital against that. We all agree on that, but I am concerned about my constituents in the energy and ag business, how are they going to find access to their risk management tools if the margin posted isn't even recognized under the Basel leverage ratios. Would you expand for just a bit on that because, after all, as has been discussed here earlier, if the banks don't want to participate in this, they don't have to, reducing competition and reducing the opportunities for my constituents in the real world. Would you expand on that?    Mr. Lucas. And access is critically important to my constituents. As we have gone through this downturn in the last 6 months broadly in ag and energy prices, had those tools not have been available to my folks back home to soften this, we would be in dramatically worse shape.    Let's go one step further. In your testimony you note, referencing Basel III and the capital requirements, you note that the consolidation of the futures commission merchants, something like 60 percent over the last 10 years, expand for a moment on, in addition to the capital issues, what is driving this consolidation within the industry?    Mr. Lucas. So ultimately, if we have an environment where no one wants to participate, that means the opportunities for my farmers and my energy folks are reduced, and those few opportunities come at a higher cost, and they ultimately suffer the real prices.    Mr. Lucas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Davis.