    Mr. HARDY. Thank you for being here.    Mr. HARDY. As a small business guy myself, hearing some of the things that have happened with the SBA, I know they are trying to do a good job but I continue to hear these issues over and over again, and it gives me a lot of angst as a small business person myself. I truly believe overall the SBA is trying to do a good job.    I am going to ask you a question that has to do with your office. I believe you are the head of that office, are you not?    Mr. HARDY. When you put people into place, do they know their responsibility?    Mr. HARDY. Do you assure that they are fulfilling their responsibility?    Mr. HARDY. Thank you. I think you know where I am headed with this.    Mr. HARDY. You have issued dozens of recommendations, and with these recommendations, do you feel like they are being implemented in the expeditious manner that they should be? Or does it seem like it is taking too long? I have only been here a year, a little over a year now, and I know this has been going on before I got here. Is this happening in a manner that you perceive should be happening if you were managing this department?    Mr. HARDY. I think that is my point, is if we make recommendations and people do not follow them, something has to change. This culture has to change. You brought it up yourself. You believe it is a culture, and I believe it is a culture. I think it is what is happening in the Federal Government in a lot of cases. I do not know what caused it but we need to fix it and I do not know how to get to that point. I guess that is what we are asking.    With improper payments, do we really need to tell the SBA that they need to accurately report these? I mean, do we really need to do that?    Mr. HARDY. Well, I appreciate what your office is doing, but you really need to help us because I truly believe the SBA is one of those economic drivers for this nation, and this nation is hurting economically. The small businesses are our economic driver overall. We need to get this thing functioning in the proper manner and we need your help to make sure that we continue to push. We need to continue to do our job, but it is becoming very frustrating that this engine is not getting moving. So thank you.