    Mr. Denham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Murillo, you and I have worked together quite a bit on water deliveries and movement throughout the Central Valley. I want to see if you can give me an update on New Melones and the increased storage that we could possibly have there.    Mr. Denham. OK. If you could get back to me on that. I know it is an issue that we have talked about in the past.    Mr. Denham. I wanted to follow up on predation. At the April 20 hearing, Mr. LaMalfa talked about predation, what the Federal agencies have done already and what is being proposed from the Federal agencies. What we got back was from the Administration to fulfill an action required by the 2009 BiOp, they are basically talking about capturing and relocating striped bass.    Is the capture and relocation of the striped bass so that they don't eat anywhere from 93 to 98 percent of the salmon we are trying to save? First of all, do you agree with the relocation? And if not, what else would you propose?    Mr. Sutton, let's start with you. I would just ask for a quick response so I can get to everybody.    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Mr. Murillo?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Mr. Borck?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    Mr. Azhderian?    Mr. Denham. Thank you.    And just to follow up, Mr. Borck, I am a little bit surprised by your answer. Obviously, I don't think this is a panacea either. I think we actually need more storage. The storage would solve a lot of our problems. But if 98 percent of the fish are getting--the fish that you want to fish, the 23,000 jobs that you want to make sure we still have, if 98 percent of the fish are getting eaten by non-native species, isn't any type of help--I mean, if we could save an extra 3, 4 percent, doesn't that help your business?    Mr. Denham. I don't see it as a good enough fix either, but I certainly see a doubling goal of the fish that--if you are doubling the amount of fish that are eating all of the threatened and endangered species, that might not be the best policy for our Federal Government to take.    I yield back the rest of my time.