    Mr. Mulvaney. Will the gentleman yield for a second?    Mr. Mulvaney. Very briefly, and I appreciate the question, just because I was hoping to get to this while Mr. Himes was still here. But the draft legislation specifically excludes investments in CLOs, hedge funds, and private equity. So some of the examples he gave would not have been permitted under the draft legislation.    Mr. Mulvaney. I thought you could pull some strings, Mr. Chairman. I usually look at you in a confused fashion most of the time--that is nothing new.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thanks, Mr. Chairman. Thanks as well to Mrs. Maloney for the work she has done on this bill with me, along with a couple other Members.    And thank you, Mr. Carney, for sticking around because I want to address a couple of housekeeping things.    First, Mr. Chairman, I have a statement from Prospect Capital Corporation, which is a BDC that has done business in my district. And they would like to enter a statement into the record. So I would like to do that without objection if I may, please.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you.    Mr. Carney, we talked before and I think we addressed some of that stuff about specifically excluding it. But we will continue to talk. But one of the things I will point out when we have these discussion is that while everybody gets a little bit nervous every time we talk about levering up or increasing anybody's leverage, I direct your attention to the screen. Even with the proposed changes, this is still going to be the least levered of any of the major investment facilities that we sort of have oversight on this committee.    So it is still a very, very small thing. And all of the rest of the financial matters that you see on the board have the same issues that Mr. Himes may have raised. So if we want to start worrying about layering on leverage, maybe the place to start is on the left side of that graph and not the right side of that graph. Thank you. You can take that down.    Regarding the buckets, it strikes me--and Mr. Himes raised this as well. While I understand his point about perhaps his suggestion of not allowing it in the financial services area, part of the reason we are doing this is because small and medium-sized financial institutions are having difficulty getting the capital.    So that is actually one of the expected uses in my district. I am a very rural area. We are heavily community-banked. And we are trying to figure out a way to provide them with additional sources of capital.    Plus, it strikes me that a well-run community bank or small financial institution would probably carry less leverage than some of the operating companies that Mr. Himes mentioned. So I don't think it is a connection between leverage and the bill.    I think it comes down to, can we make smart, safe, sound capital available to as many people as possible? That is the purpose of the bill. And I see no reason to arbitrarily limit it to having financial institutions getting one level of leverage into operating companies, for lack of a better word, getting another.    Mr. Lynch mentioned go-around on Volcker. I will throw this to the panel because it strikes me, gentlemen, that if I was--you mentioned Goldman Sachs. I can't remember the European bank you mentioned that was thinking about doing this. If I wanted to get around Volcker, there are a lot better ways to do it than invest in BDCs aren't there, Mr. Gerber?    Mr. Mulvaney. Right. And that is a good point that I don't think that lots of folks are familiar with; when you say Volcker doesn't apply to you, that is not by accident. The Rule actually specifically excludes you folks under the rationale that these industries are already so heavily regulated and so transparent that there was no reason to apply Volcker to you folks.    And again, I would suggest that if I am Deutsche Bank or Goldman Sachs and I want to go around Volcker, I can put my money in a hedge fund and do it right away. I don't have to go through the hassle of going through the BDC application.    Dr. Brown, you mentioned something at the very outset of your testimony about operating companies versus financial institutions. And again, I don't want to change your words. But I thought you said something to the tune of the operating companies need it more than the financial institutions. Or--    Mr. Mulvaney. Two things to consider, Mr. Brown, and to my colleagues of both parties.    Number one, it seems that the need for the product would be dictated by the market and not by some empirical research. Either it is there or it is not there. But perhaps more importantly to your point, if these gentlemen want to take an equity position or a debt position in a community bank in my district, I know where the money is going, which is to the local businesses.    So it is just another way to get the money to the operating companies. That is what the community banks and the small financial institutions and small investment operations in my district do. So if the demand is there within the operating business community, I think it probably--capital should be able to find a way there.    Lastly, Mr. Brown, I will close with this. I have 14 seconds.    You mentioned some concern about the different levels of stock, the different classes of stock, the preferred stock. And I guess I can only ask it this way.    Wouldn't those concerns that you raised here today apply to any company that offers preferred stock? Because a lot of publicly traded companies that I could buy this afternoon offer preferred stock. Aren't your concerns equally applied to them as they would be to BDCs?    Mr. Mulvaney. Right. But if I am an investor, I am either going to invest in BDCs or I am going to invest in Norfolk Southern Railway and they might have a preferred stock and the BDCs might have a preferred stock. And the concerns that you raise would apply equally to me as investor as between BDC and Norfolk Southern.    You said the board of directors could change the voting rights, they could change the payouts. They could, think about me as an unsophisticated investor, might get caught in that. That applies anyway, right, in the market.    Mr. Mulvaney. Fair enough. Gentlemen, I appreciate the additional 50 seconds, and for the right to participate in the hearing since I am not on the subcommittee. Thank you, Mr. Garrett.