    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Allison, I was troubled by your written testimony because it did little to address ongoing investigations of allegations of workers' comp fraud and sexual misconduct by the air marshals. I think that this behavior undermines your mission and the Americans that the agency serves.    I am especially disappointed that the scandal involves air marshals from your Chicago office, which is, of course, near one of the world's busiest airports, Chicago O'Hare. My constituents expect and deserve to be served by a dedicated corps of Federal Air Marshals who are 100-percent committed to safeguarding flights in and out of Chicago.    And, as other members have rightly noted, these allegations are highly disturbing because they involve Federal law enforcement officers. And Congress entrusts these men and women with a badge, a gun, a solemn oath to protect our constituents from terrorist acts.    And if the allegations of this egregious behavior and misconduct are proven true, I strongly believe that the three Chicago air marshals must be held fully accountable. And I know that you are well on your way to doing so, and one of which have retired.    But my concerns extend beyond this particular incident. My fundamental questions about the potential weaknesses is in how the Air Marshal Service recruits, vets, and hires new applicants into the job.    This scandal that was disclosed last night comes on the heels of another alleged incident of gross misconduct involving your employees earlier this year, and it is simply unacceptable. And now that there are two incidents, I want to make sure that, you know, these are highly unusual, isolated incidents and not a weakness in the recruiting program.    However, this committee can't replace facts with hope. We have an oversight responsibility to examine whether these scandals are symptoms of a deeper, more comprehensive problem that threatens to undermine the Service's effectiveness in recruiting, evaluating, and hiring potential air marshals.    So, Director Allison, can you briefly describe how Federal Air Marshal Service's recruiting, vetting, and hiring system allowed individuals who are suspected of engaging in incredibly inappropriate misconduct to become Federal Air Marshals in the first place? And include in your answer details on the type of after-action review your team conducted to make such a determination.    Ms. Duckworth. Will you be doing any type of a formal analysis of the hiring process, perhaps conducting an independent review within your organization or perhaps turning to DHS and asking their IG office to do a review for you, so that you get a truly independent look at it?    Ms. Duckworth. I am out of time. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.