    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Chair Matz, for your testimony. And, Mr. Chairman, I would like to relay something pertaining to your remarks about credit unions and what purpose they serve. As a young adult with my first job, I applied for an auto loan with my community bank, where I had checking and savings accounts, and was denied the loan and was forced to go join the Wright Patman Credit Union, where I was approved for the loan, which I paid off in half the time. So they took a chance on me. And I am certainly going to take a chance on credit unions. So thank you.    Like most banking regulators, the NCUA's budget is derived from the entities that they regulate, an arrangement designed to insulate the Administration from political pressure. Such an arrangement should not, however, trade the pressure of the congressional appropriations process for pressure from the credit union industry to shape their budget, an arrangement that was agency policy from 2001 to 2008, but that undermined the Administration's ability to respond to financial crises and its ability to prevent losses to the Share Insurance Fund.    I look forward to a discussion that actually reflects the concerns that credit unions have in their day-to-day core operations, whether they be proposals to allow them to raise supplemental capital or expand member business lending or other regulatory relief proposals. I look forward to hearing more about how we can work with the NCUA to ensure that the regulatory environment for our credit unions is one that allows them to thrive but that also protects members and the Share Insurance Fund. And thank you again for your testimony and your leadership.    I yield back.    Mr. Clay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    H.R. 2287 would provide credit unions and their trade associations the opportunity to participate in predecisional hearings on the NCUA's operating budget. It is my understanding that, relative to other financial regulators, the NCUA is a leader amongst its peers in providing transparency around its budget process.    Madam Chair, describe the information that you already make available to the public concerning the NCUA's budgeting process and how would your budget transparency efforts compare to those of other financial regulators?    Mr. Clay. How would enhanced disclosure of the NCUA's operating budget and the other funds it administers support the core operations of credit unions? I am just curious.    Mr. Clay. In your experience in interacting with credit unions in the field, have you ever gotten requests from the credit unions themselves about further transparency into the NCUA's budget or the other funds that it administers?    Mr. Clay. Interesting. I appreciate your responses. And, hopefully, we all understand that this could be motivated by the trade associations.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.