    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I am an advocate for the Council management of our Nation's fisheries that take into account flexibility for local fisheries and local conditions.    I am from the Pacific area. And with that part of the ocean bordering so many other nations, we have the continued threat of our fisheries being overfished. But we must also weigh the concerns of particularly my community, the Guam fishing community.    Regarding this bill, I do support the spirit of the bill, but I do have concerns.    Mr. Risenhoover, I am going to ask you this question. I understand the Council has recently set up an advisory panel on recreational red snapper to help private boat anglers. How can the Council be more helpful to private anglers, so they can move forward?    Ms. Bordallo. All right. Then I have another question.    The states have argued that the red snapper stock is rebuilt based on evidence of higher recreational catches. But the recent stock assessment shows that the spawning stock of red snapper is only about half the size it is projected to be at the end of the rebuilding plan in 2032.    Ms. Bordallo. All right. Can you give me--the Gulf red snapper stock is still overfished, but by how much?    Ms. Bordallo. I see. About half.    Ms. Bordallo. Another question. Will continued rebuilding of the stock under the Magnuson-Stevens Act lead to larger and more consistent catches in the future?    Ms. Bordallo. That is your hope. All right. Let me see here.    NOAA does incorporate state data into red snapper science and management. Is that a true statement?    Ms. Bordallo. What are some of the challenges, and what can be done to help improve the current situation?    Ms. Bordallo. All right. Thank you very much.    Mr. Chairman, if I could, I would like to give my extra minute to my colleague here, Mr. Lowenthal. He needs extra money----    Ms. Bordallo. I mean extra time.    Ms. Bordallo. Extra time.    Ms. Bordallo. It has been a long day.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you.