    Mr. Marino. Good afternoon. The Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law will come to order, and without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the Committee at any time. And just to give you a little head's up, in about 15 or 20 minutes, that bell is going to ring, and we will have to go vote, and it should not be that long. I think we only have a couple of votes, and I apologize for the inconvenience.    We welcome everyone to today's hearing on the ``Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency Act of 2015,'' known as the ``FACT Act.'' This morning, I am going to recognize myself for an opening statement, and then I am going to give my good friend, Mr. Hank Johnson, the opportunity for his opening statement.    This morning, the Subcommittee meets to examine H.R. 526, the ``Further Asbestos Claim Transparency Act of 2015,'' or the ``FACT Act.'' This legislation is aimed at preventing fraudulent activity within the asbestos bankruptcy trust system. Following the first successful tort lawsuit against an asbestos defendant in the 1970's, asbestos litigation dramatically increased to the point that the Supreme Court described the ongoing lawsuit as an, and I quote, ``asbestos litigation crisis.''    Under the backdrop of increasing asbestos claims and an expanding defendant population, courts and parties initiated several attempts to achieve a comprehensive resolution to asbestos litigation. Notwithstanding these efforts, no resolution has been reached. Likely due to the absence of a comprehensive resolution to the onslaught of asbestos litigation, companies closed their doors with great cost to the economy and their employees. Estimates of the cost of asbestos litigation and the ensuing bankruptcies ranged from between $1.4 and $3 billion, coupled with a loss of approximately 60,000 American jobs.    To allow some companies to emerge from bankruptcy and continue their business operations, Congress amended the Bankruptcy Code. The amendment includes a provision, Section 524(g), which forges what is a simple compromise. A company can receive a permanent injunction against all of its asbestos liability claims if it funds a trust in an amount sufficient to pay all present and future asbestos claims. A product of bankruptcies that use Section 524(g) is a negotiated resolution. A company can continue generating jobs and income for the economy with the certainty that it will no longer face asbestos liability. Asbestos claimants will have confidence in a dedicated pool of money that is reserved to compensate them for their injuries.    Over the past several years, however, the Committee has heard complaints regarding the asbestos bankruptcy trust system. These complaints have focused on the ability of plaintiffs' firms to exert considerable control over the formation and operation of the trust, the dramatic reduction in transparency from these asbestos trusts, and troubling reports of fraudulent activity occurring as a result. The fraudulent activity follows a similar pattern where plaintiffs' firms file claims against a bankruptcy asbestos trust claiming injury with one set of facts. The plaintiffs then file claims against defendants in State court based on different and sometimes conflicting sets of facts. This conduct is calculated to exploit the opaque nature of bankruptcy asbestos trust operations.    Furthermore, fraud of this variety drains the finite funds set aside in these asbestos bankruptcy trusts so that when future asbestos victims start to develop symptoms and look to the trusts for compensation, their recoveries may be diminished dramatically.    I support the Vice-Chairman of the Subcommittee, Mr. Farenthold, for introducing the FACT Act, and I am an original co-sponsor of this important legislation that will increase transparency in the asbestos bankruptcy trust system, and allow these trust funds to protect against fraudulent activity. Critics of this legislation have raised concerns that this bill imposes an undue burden on the asbestos trust. Critics also allege that it infringes on asbestos victims' privacy, and is not necessary because the critics allege fraud does not exist in the bankruptcy asbestos trust system. These concerns should be carefully evaluated.    Thankfully, we have an excellent panel of witnesses before us today who will help us build upon the Committee's extensive record in support of this measure, and address the concerns that have been raised by critics of the legislation. I look forward to their testimony.    Mr. Marino. I now recognize the Ranking Member, Mr. Johnson, for his opening statement.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Marino. You are welcome. Thank you, Mr. Conyers. The Chair now recognizes the Vice-Chairman of the Subcommittee, Mr. Farenthold.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Farenthold. The Chair recognizes the Ranking Member, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Mr. Johnson. I am going to declare a recess in a moment, but I would like to bring out a point that my good friend brought out before, just in his comments. The procedure has been when the Democrats were in control and we have four people at the panel, whoever is in control invites three, and the other side invites one. We have continued with that under my chairmanship. We invited three. The other side invited one. The Democrats could have invited any one of you or anyone else--victim--to come and testify. They chose not to. They chose to have the attorney that represents the attorneys in these cases testify, so I want to make that perfectly clear. You could have been invited by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. They chose not to.    I am going to declare a recess at this point, and we will be back within 20 or 25 minutes. We have two votes, and then we will introduce our witnesses.    Mr. Marino. The hearing will now resume. Without objection, the other Members' of the Committee opening statements will be made part of the record.    We have a very distinguished panel today, and I will begin by swearing in our witnesses before introducing them. So, if you would, please all rise. Raise your right hand.    Do you swear that the testimony you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you, God?    Mr. Marino. Let the record reflect that all the witnesses responded in the affirmative. Thank you. Please be seated.    I would like to introduce from my left to right, first Mr. Inselbuch. Is that correct, sir? Okay. Mr. Inselbuch practices law at Caplin & Drysdale New York offices. He has 30 years of experience practicing on behalf of asbestos plaintiffs' bar, and was first retained in that capacity in a landmark asbestos bankruptcy case of Johns Manville in 1985. He has represented the asbestos plaintiff's bar in a number of complex bankruptcies, including those of W.R. Grace, Babcock & Wilcox, Pittsburgh Coining, and Armstrong World Industries.    Mr. Inselbuch earned his undergraduate degree from Princeton University, his law degree from Columbia University, and a masters of law degree from the New York University School of Law. Welcome, sir.    Mr. Vari is a partner at the Pittsburgh office of the law firm of K&L Gates, where he specializes also in asbestos litigation. He has over 25 years of asbestos litigation experience in both trial and appellate courts in a number of States, including: California, New York, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Texas, Massachusetts, Michigan, and Ohio. Mr. Vari has been recognized repeatedly for the quality of his work, including being named one of the best lawyers in America and the Pennsylvania Super Lawyer.    Mr. Vari earned his undergraduate degree in finance from the University of Akron and his law degree, summa cum laude, from the University of Akron School of Law, where he was the managing editor of the Law Review. Welcome, sir.    Mr. Scarcelli--correct pronunciation?    Mr. Marino. Okay. What is it?    Mr. Marino. Scarcella.    Mr. Marino. Okay. Mr. Scarcella--I apologize--is an economist and principal with Bates White Consulting Firm. He has over 10 years of experience in economic consulting related to asbestos litigation, and has extensive knowledge of the Administration and operation of asbestos bankruptcy trusts. Additionally, Mr. Scarcella regularly provides his expertise to ongoing asbestos litigation suits, and has served as an expert witness in over 50 individual asbestos-related cases.    He earned his bachelor's degree in both economics and public affairs, as well as a master's degree in economics from American University. Again, welcome, sir.    Mr. Brickman is a former acting dean and professor of law at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University. He is a leading scholar and expert on asbestos litigation. Professor Brickman has published numerous articles, spoken on many panels, and testified frequently before governing bodies and courts on the issues related to asbestos litigation.    Professor Brickman earned his bachelor of science degree in chemistry from Carnegie Tech, his law degree from the University of Florida where he was a member of the Law Review and graduated Order of Coif, and a master's of law degree from Yale University where he was a Sterling Fellow.    Each of the witnesses' written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. I ask that each of you witnesses summarize your testimony in 5 minutes or less. And to help you stay within the time, there is a timing light in front of you. Now, I do not know how good I am going to be about this because I am color blind, and I cannot see the last two. They look they are on or off all the time. The light will switch from green to yellow indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red, it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired. And what I will do is if we get to that red light, when someone nudges me, I will just politely do a little tap and give you a hint to please wrap up.    Okay. We are going to start with Mr. Inselbuch's testimony. Sir, please make sure the microphone is on and pulled up to you. Sir, I think you may have to push that button on that microphone in front of you. The light should come on.    Mr. Marino. Okay, good. Now, we can hear you. Thank you.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Vari?    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Scarcella, please.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, sir.    Professor Brickman?    Mr. Marino. Sir, would you please wrap up your testimony in your next sentence?    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Issa. I have a policy of, since I am going to be here, of waiting to go last, and let my colleagues go before me.    Mr. Marino. That is fine.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Georgia, the Ranking Member, Mr. Johnson.    Mr. Marino. Without objection----    Mr. Marino. Without objection, the documents will be entered into evidence, and if at some point the determination needs to be made on an issue that Mr. Farenthold raised, we will address that at that time.    Mr. Marino. Please let the witness answer your question first.    Mr. Marino. Well, we will approach that if that is the case, but let the witness answer your question.    Mr. Marino. He has a right to explain reasonably.    Mr. Marino. Okay. The gentleman's time has expired. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Issa from California.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the Congresswoman from Washington, Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Marino. Mr. Johnson, you know what the rules are. You know what the policies are. If you have additional questions----    Mr. Marino . You put them in writing. Ms. DelBene, you are up next.    Mr. Marino. Ms. DelBene, you are up next.    Mr. Marino. You have stated no point of order.    Mr. Marino. We allowed you almost a minute when you were introducing documents. I did not time you on that, which is normally done. You tried this yesterday in a hearing, and we are not going to tolerate this.    Mr. Marino. So, Ms. DelBene, are you going to ask----    Mr. Marino. Before I go to this side. I have answered your question.    Mr. Marino. Ms. DelBene, are you going to ask questions?    Mr. Marino. You will see both sides handled equally the same way.    Mr. Marino. The Chair will decide what takes place. Please, Ms. DelBene.    Mr. Marino. Without objection, but I do not think you were here when I stated that the Democrats had the opportunity to have those people sit at the table, and they chose not to do it. But it is entered for the record.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Bishop from Michigan.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Jeffries.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. The Chair now recognizes Mr. Trott from Michigan.    Mr. Marino. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Marino. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Marino. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Marino. Thank you. Seeing no others, I am going to ask my colleague if he has another question he would like to ask.    Mr. Marino. I have a couple of questions I would like to conclude. Okay. The Chairman of the full Judiciary Committee, Mr. Goodlatte, has some questions.    Mr. Marino. Thank you, Chairman. Mr. Inselbuch, could you please tell me who makes up the trust? Who is the trust comprised of?    Mr. Marino. Trustees, yes.    Mr. Marino. And is there----    Mr. Marino. Who makes up the panel? Is there not a group of people who can veto certain issues? Are there not plaintiffs that make up a committee that have a say in this?    Mr. Marino. Okay.    Mr. Marino. Does the advisory committee have a larger say, a larger percentage, that 75 percent have to agree to certain matters?    Mr. Marino. So, are you saying it is split evenly on both sides for the plaintiffs and the defendants?    Mr. Marino. Okay. So it is plaintiffs and plaintiffs' lawyers----    Mr. Marino. Is it plaintiffs and plaintiffs' lawyers?    Mr. Marino. Okay. So do you think that they are going to step forward and say if there is fraud? Do you think they would actually step forward and say, yes, there is fraud here?    Mr. Marino. You say that the court has a major say in this, is that correct? The bankruptcy judge has a major role in this.    Mr. Marino. Can anyone on the committee oppose the judge's ruling?    Mr. Marino. Yes.    Mr. Marino. What was the process for that?    Mr. Marino. Okay. If you are saying there is no fraud, what is the problem then with oversight so you could say, look, we told you there is no fraud here? What is the problem with looking into these matters? You have heard time and time again that in many cases, Oklahoma and Maryland plaintiffs were disclosed to have filed inconsistent claims between asbestos trusts and the court. In Ohio, a judge described a plaintiff's case as lies upon lies after discovering that the plaintiff received hundreds of thousands of dollars from asbestos bankruptcy trusts, yet alleged in court that a single product caused the illness. In Virginia, as the Chairman said, a judge stated that the case over which he presided was the worst deception he had seen in over 22 years. Do you not think in order to clear all this up, there should be some oversight and these matters looked into?    Mr. Marino. I did not suggest that.    Mr. Marino. Sir, I did not suggest that. Do you not think there should be some oversight? Perhaps the courts can get involved in that?    Mr. Marino. And I am going to go back to saying what I did say. Why not take the opportunity to make that known to the public based on what I just read here in this short synopsis?    Mr. Marino. You do not have to prove. I am saying that an oversight committee of some type looks into what documents, looks into testimony, looks into transcripts, looks into payouts, looks into the corporations to see if they held anything back and should be held accountable for it.    Mr. Marino. It does not seem like it is working out, sir.    Mr. Marino. It does not seem like it is working out based on what has come to light over the past couple of months.    Mr. Marino. And how about the judges? When you just said you wanted Mr. Brickman to make a statement, are you willing to stand up in front of these judges and simply say to them what you are saying is not true?    Mr. Marino. No, it is not the place to re-litigate----    Mr. Marino. What we are here to make sure is that it is fair all the way around. Look, there is no one that has more sympathy. I had a friend who lost a father to this, and I have seen what it does, and my heart goes out. And anybody that even is just around this for a short period of time, particularly because of their employment, should receive compensation and good compensation. I am just trying to make sure that there is a way that we can preserve the dollars to make sure both sides are playing fair so future victims, who may not even know they will have it for 10 years, are compensated. That is all.    Mr. Marino. Well, that is what we hope to find out, sir. So I thank you.    Mr. Marino. Okay. Ladies and gentlemen, I do not see anyone else here, unless my good friend wants to ask another question. I am just joking. Mr. Marino. This concludes today's----    Mr. Marino. You are welcome. This concludes today's hearing, and thanks to all of you witnesses for attending. I want to thank the people in the gallery, and I do understand what you are going through. My heart goes out. I talk to people. I think I am going to talk to some victims after we are done here.    And without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for the witnesses or additional materials for the record.    Mr. Scarcella, Mr. Jeffries had to leave quickly because of a conflict. I think you may be contacted to write your answer down on his last question when his time expired. If you do not know what it was, someone from the Committee will contact you, all right?    Mr. Marino. This hearing is adjourned. Thank you.