    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to add my congratulations to Chairman Bridenstine and Chairman Loudermilk, and we are really looking forward to working with you. I am thrilled to work with Ranking Member Bonamici, and just join myself with all the comments welcoming the various folks.    I am told that historically, this Committee has been a haven of bipartisanship, and in the area of oversight, I really hope that we can work together to improve the quality of government services and protect taxpayer interests, and from my side, I am really looking forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.    You know, six years ago I had the remarkable responsibility to lead the transition team for President-Elect Obama at the Department of Commerce. Seventy-seven days, 6:00 in the morning until midnight. I learned to drink coffee for the first time. And I very quickly discovered that the number one problem in the Department of Commerce were the weather satellites, that the things we saw were the cost overruns were many multiples of the original idea. There were no reliable launch dates at all. We couldn't get the equipment to work. The satellites were loaded up with lots and lots of different ideas but none of which could work out. They had this tripartite management system with DoD, NASA and NOAA, and no one was in charge, so it was actually very encouraging to see how far we have come in these six years to have narrowed it to where we are.    But we still had a rocky acquisition with the new series of weather satellites, and the polar orbiting satellites especially have been troubled. Costs have doubled. The money is now buying just two satellites instead of the original intention to acquire six, and the satellites that fly will be less capable because the instruments are going to be reduced from 13 down to just 5, and they are still years behind schedule.    By comparison, the geostationary satellites seem to be models of efficiency, but they too have had trouble too with cost growth and areas of delays. As satellites that have a critical role in weather forecasting, losing coverage of either system could have serious, perhaps catastrophic effects on public safety. Both the Joint Polar Satellite System and the Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites face this possibility of a gap in coverage, and I hope that if we learn only one thing today, learning how to really address this gap, will help us go forward.    At this point, the only way to avoid the gap is to be very, very lucky, and that is not a really good plan. You know, the problem is that the cost of these satellites distorts all the rest of NOAA's budget and limits the agency's resources for the many, many other important functions that they have--research into weather, oceans, climate science. Surely NOAA understands that the JPSS program represents a failure and an unsustainable model, so going forward, we have to find a more efficient, reliable means to put these instruments into orbit, and Mr. Chairman, I was interested in your alternatives.    GAO has been working with this Committee on these satellite programs for ten years. Without their expert and committed assistance, the Congress and the public would know far less about the risks in these programs. Every GAO product and team has to be measured on its own terms, but this group that has been working on the satellites system is among our very best, and I think the Committee has to be very grateful for their service.    For all the lessons that can be learned from the JPSS and GOES acquisitions, the most important immediate challenge has to be to complete both projects as expeditiously as possible. It is great that we have a pretty reliable launch date, but we have got to get them in orbit, checked out, and bring their data online as quickly as possible, and after years of truly worrisome reports, it appears that NOAA and NASA have good management teams in place and the contractors are now delivering as promised, and the Committee wants to be as helpful and supportive as we can as we reach this last stretch going into launch.    At the same time, the news from GAO that NOAA is not well positioned on the data-gap mitigation plans in place is disappointing, and I hope we learn more today about we are going to do that.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I would like to start with Dr. Volz with a--and others with a small, then a larger question.    On NPP, the prediction now is the end of 2016. NASA said, ``There is an increased likelihood of a collision with space debris at the altitudes at which the JPSS satellites fly.'' They also talked about NOAA having a rosy view of how long the NPP will last. It is just debris that we are concerned about with the end of NPP?    And then the larger question, especially that Chairman Bridenstine talked earlier about the many different commercial companies getting into launching satellites, what are we going to do about space debris in the larger picture?    Mr. Beyer. Well, let me move on to Dr. MacDonald then.    Mr. Beyer. The data validation, in the literature here that you gave us, you said it took two years to validate the data from NPP, and when you look at the charts on the overlap and the potential gaps, some of that, as I read, is six months to validate the data from some of these new satellites. Why does it take that long when we have so much data validation in the past?    Mr. Beyer. Dr. Volz, the Chairman in his opening statement talked about turning to commercial space operations. Does NOAA have any concerns about the use of commercial data to fulfill the requirements of its polar satellite program?    Mr. Beyer. And Mr. Clarke, I was initially disappointed that the climate sensors were eliminated from the satellites, you know, the perfect being the enemy of the good enough, but now I read that the Radiation Budget Instrument (RBI) and the Ozone Mapping and Profiler Suites are going to be on the JPSS-2. Can you talk about the current status of these instruments and do you anticipate they will be ready in time to fly with     Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Volz, when this hearing started at 10 o'clock, my biggest concern was about the gap in the weather prediction from three months to eighteen months, but listening to the testimony, it seems that NOAA's expectation of the NPP satellite could well go to 2020 and beyond. Is there any reason not to follow up on Mr. Powner's suggestion that NOAA actually put these expectations in writing? And does that then change the mitigation plans that we would otherwise make?    Mr. Beyer. And Dr. Volz, the President's budget request includes $380 million for a polar follow-on program in order to achieve robustness in the polar weather constellation. Can you please describe the kinds of activities that you would take on as part of this polar follow-on request and how they would actually improve robustness?    Mr. Beyer. And Mr. Clarke, you had kindly deferred when Dr. Volz had tossed you the space debris question. Please tell me that someone at NASA is thinking big picture about vacuuming up the space debris and what is going to look like in the years to come.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you very much. Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Beyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Volz, in the notes that we had, it said that three offices within NOAA have primary responsibility for implementing the mitigation plan--NESDIS, OAR and the National Weather Service--but the NOAA office appears to be in charge of the mitigation activities. Is this accurate? Is there someone who should be the central decider and implementer----    Mr. Beyer. --coordinator?    Mr. Beyer. That sounds great.    Mr. Murphy, if the NPP satellite was lost tomorrow, hit with debris, what would be the status of your gap mitigation plans now?    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Powner, do you a reaction to this?    Mr. Beyer. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.