    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for calling this hearing today.    After more than a decade of war, veterans deserve to have ready access to the best health care available to them. Time and again, that is shown to be care provided by the VA. I am pleased the VA is here today to talk about their new Veterans Choice plan that will consolidate the seven disparate care authorities that exist currently in law. This plan submitted to Congress in 2015 would bring under one umbrella a program that is easy to understand and more importantly to implement. The program is intended to bring high-quality, safe health care to veterans wherever they choose to live.    When Congress passed and the President signed the Veterans Access Care and Accountability Act in 2014, this was a promise to all veterans from all eras that they would get the care they earned on the battlefield in defense of our Nation.    The Choice Program was rolled out in a rushed timetable under conditions dictated by Congress. I believe the department implemented the program to the best of their ability under trying circumstances.    Today, Mr. Chairman, I am interested in hearing from the VA what the estimate of this new care in the community will cost and how long it will take to implement, also what this consolidation ultimately means for veterans and their access to quality health care. After all, making it easier for veterans to access care is the goal that we all have in this room of this plan.    One aspect of health care often overlooked is helping those navigate the system with physical disabilities that force them to bring a caregiver with them. I have introduced legislation that would authorize payment of beneficiary travel expenses in connection with the care of a veteran with vision impairment, a spinal cord injury or disorder, or double or multiple amputations whose travel is in connection with care provided through the VA.    It is important that all veterans have access to quality health care whether at the VA or in the community, but the care needs to be at the standards we have come to expect from the     I look forward to hearing from all of the witnesses today. I thank you for being here and moving forward in the coming days to bring the very best quality care to all of our veterans.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I think your statement regarding we really don't know what the cost of VA care is versus community care, we really don't know the answer to that. And that is a fundamental, I think, piece of data that we really need to understand.    And I was just wondering for all three of the panelists here based on your organizations and the research that you do to support our veterans, if you have any sense of an answer to that sort of fundamental question in terms of health care delivery through the VA versus community care.    Ms. Brownley. Yeah. I just think, you know, intuitively there are some services that veterans receive. I am thinking about, you know, getting your eyes checked and getting a pair of glasses or audiology, services like that, which seems to me would be cheaper if that was all handled, you know, within the community than for veterans having to travel long distances and so forth and so on to get to their VA.    So, I mean, I think it is a hard question to try to answer because I think it probably breaks down into a lot of different pieces as it relates to kind of specialty care beyond primary care. So it gets difficult.    Mr. Williams, you had mentioned some of the surveying results that you have done with your organization, and I think you said that 43 percent of your veterans aren't utilizing the Choice Program because of confusion.    Did you get any results in terms of veterans not using the program because the providers weren't there in the community and set up with the VA to be able to provide that care at all or--    Ms. Brownley. Because I think that, you know, I mean, we hear a lot about the Choice Program and, you know, I think in some sense about what we are talking about today and consolidating all of these programs. I think we all agree that consolidating these programs for community care is a good idea.    You know, this criteria for access is, you know, is up for debate. But I think the consolidation pieces minimizing the confusion for the veteran, I think we all agree that is absolutely the right way to go.    I mean, some of the criticisms that I hear, I was just talking to one of my colleagues from Florida earlier this morning and she was bending my ear about how the Choice Program in her district is just not working and she is hearing a lot of complaints from her veterans about the program and access to the program.    So I don't know where I am really going with this, but I do hear a lot of feedback from people that are still--I know that there is a lot of work to increase the amount of providers in the Choice Program specifically, but I don't think that we are--again, probably in some areas, we have the right amount of providers and other areas, certainly in my district finding the providers has still been a challenge.    So even if you wanted to utilize the program, even if you were willing to do all of the research to figure it all out and you met the criteria, in, you know, in some cases, the providers simply just aren't there yet. And perhaps part of that is because of the confusion.    But, you know, I would be interested to hear from the two other gentlemen about just, and I have like two seconds left now, but maybe we can talk about it later, you know, what the feedback is from your members in terms of the success or challenges within the program.    So I will yield back.    Ms. Brownley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the panelists for being here.    Just a very direct question, if you could just give me the rationale the VA has for imposing the copay of $100?    Ms. Brownley. Did you evaluate other ways in which to accomplish the goal that you are describing?    Ms. Brownley. Well, it just sounds to me that we have--you have mentioned a couple of tools in the toolbox and so it seems to me that we should try to utilize those tools first before we use a more punitive tool of a $100 copay, but I am sure we will be talking more about that as time moves forward.    So you had mentioned appointments and community care have grown over the last couple of years and you talked about 12 million appointments within the community care. So what does that compare to, what is the amount of appointments that the VA has provided over the same period of time? Is this a ten-percent number of overall appointments?    Ms. Brownley. And in terms of the 30-day wait and the 40-mile driving distance rule, is the VA trying to look at other approaches on that? Have you decided for cost purposes that this has to be a hard-and-fast rule?    And I think we are trying to drill down on what the costs are. I mean, Dr. Wenstrup talked about, you know, and cited examples where it might be a lot cheaper in the community to receive services.    So if you could address some of that, please.    Ms. Brownley. I have exceeded my time. I yield back.