    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank the Chairman--let me thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member for this very important hearing. Let me state to the witnesses I was delayed because we were holding a crime subcommittee in Judiciary, of which I am the Ranking Member.    This is an extremely important hearing, and it is issued in the backdrop of several worthy comments. The President has now released his AUMF, which is a singular notice to the Congress of the importance of addressing the question of ISIS and the potential of the United States engaging in some form of military action to be able to secure this Nation.    I indicated in remarks earlier today on the floor that the Department of Homeland Security provides a domestic armor, a National armor of security. That is the responsibility of that. For many of us on this committee, we have had the privilege of serving since the horrendous and heinous act of 9/11.    Often, I make the comment, certainly not proudly, that I was on or at Ground Zero during the moments of the extended time of looking for remains. It will always be a potent and striking moment in my life, and I take seriously the responsibilities of this committee.    For that reason, I believe it is crucial that we do not hold hostage this Department. We have actually 7 days to make amends on the funding of the Department of the Homeland Security, and I remind my colleagues that the issue of unaccompanied children or the President's Executive Actions do not pose the kind of heinous threat that we are talking about today.    I frankly think this is an important discussion, and many front-line DHS employees will be, in essence, hindered from their work without the full funding of this committee.    I ask you Mr. Taylor, just a simple question, that in the midst of your jurisdiction and employees that you have under your jurisdiction, without funding for this Department, will some of them not be paid or some of them have to be furloughed, or some issue may come up regarding their service?    Ms. Jackson Lee. That is the point that I made. You didn't hear me say that.    Ms. Jackson Lee. But the main point is, is that you are in the process of having that as a responsibility, which is surveying your Department and determining what will happen without the funding.    Ms. Jackson Lee. That is taking your attention away from important security issues of securing the Nation, which I assume--that is a statement that I believe is accurate. Is that not accurate?    Ms. Jackson Lee. But that is staff persons dealing with those issues----    Ms. Jackson Lee . That would not ordinarily be dealing with them at this time.    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me offer and pursue my questioning to make this point. I do want to offer sympathy. We have come to our attention that three members of a Muslim family were murdered in Chapel Hill. These were students at the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill. We understand the culprit was arrested and charged with first-degree murder and had some issues dealing with religious questions. One of the individuals was, in fact, speaking against the murder of people, meaning one of the Muslim students was speaking against that.    Let me go straight to the gentleman from the FBI and ask the question regarding cyber and the internet and soliciting and what counter, in terms of ideology, can be best used to fight this. We can fight with arms. We can fight with intelligence. But are there other ways of stopping or getting in the way of the solicitation of our young people?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Well let me just say that I hope that this committee, that we have overlapping jurisdiction, will ramp up the dollars that will intervene in that radical heinous ideology.    I consider ISIS barbaric. Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, I do want to offer my deepest sympathy to the family of Kayla Mueller, who was in the truest sense a great American, who wanted to do nothing more than to help people who were in need. To be targeted by the heinous violence of ISIS--this committee's hearing is important.    The violence in this committee--excuse me, in this--not in this committee, in this Nation that warranted and brought about the death of three Muslim students or individuals in North Carolina--none of this should be tolerated. However we can disrupt and interrupt this, I think it requires all of our resources, working together in bipartisan, funding the DHS, to be able to make a difference.    I, for one, would like to be engaged in the writing of the legislation and/or to find out more in an instructive manner, how do we stop the radicalization of our young people for something as heinous as what ISIS represents.    My final word, Mr. Chairman, is to thank King Abdullah and Jordan for their committed work, along with our allies, on this effort. My sympathy to them for the losses that they have experienced throughout the Mideast and throughout Europe.    With that, I yield back my time.