    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Barr, in September of 2012 the OIG for the State Department issued a report on the Department's FOIA program. I'm looking at it now. It's ``Inspection of the Bureau of Administration, Global Information Services, Office of Information Programs and Services.'' And the report states: ``The Department's FOIA process is inefficient and ineffective.''    Are you familiar with this report?    Ms. Duckworth. I know you had only been on the job just a few months when it was issued. But I wanted to ask you a little bit more about it. The report focused on the Office of Information Programs and Services. That office is within the Bureau of Administration, I understand, and you serve as the Assistant Secretary for that Bureau. Is that correct?    Ms. Duckworth. I'd like to go through some of the issues raised in the report. It said about the Office of Information Programs and Services, and I just want to quote the report, it says: ``Persistent neglect of fundamental leadership responsibilities and management practices has had profound consequences in IPS. The OIG team's observations, discussions with IPS staff, and the responses to OIG's questionnaires indicated an office with problematic morale, perceptions of favoritism, micromanagement practices, and confused lines of authority.''    This really concerns me. And I understand that you'd only been on the job just 6 months, so this investigation probably took place before you got there. But how did you respond to those findings?    Ms. Duckworth. Would you say that this is an ongoing process for you? Are you still dealing with the issues in the report?    Ms. Duckworth. Okay. The report also found flaws in the Department's records management, and it stated that the Department's records management infrastructure is inefficient and ineffective. It also said that failure to develop and implement electronic systems has resulted in poor performance.    Is the State Department overall taking steps to improve its records management processes?    Ms. Duckworth. Thank you. Well, I hope that the State Department will continue to make these priorities a top goal for the agency. FOIA is certainly a critical tool for Americans to demand the accountability that they deserve from their government, and I'm sure you know that this--I'm sure this committee and myself personally will be following up to make sure that that process continues. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.