    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And, Dr. Morris, you hit a little bit on the process versus product issue. Could you expand on that briefly for us?    Mr. Scott. So when the USDA set the standards for organics, for example, you are double-checking, if you will, them to make sure that they are complying with what they said their process was? Am I understanding that correctly?    Mr. Scott. Could you speak to the impact of the mandatory labeling in general as compared to the voluntary labeling and the differences in the supply chain and the costs to the consumer of the products.    Mr. Scott. But if there were no uniform standard, I am from Georgia, you could have one standard for Atlanta; you can have another standard for Augusta; one for Tifton; one for Columbus; one for Macon, and that would create disruptions in the supply chain, I would assume, and maybe the consumer didn't actually know what they were getting.    Mr. Scott. Without those standards, I would suggest it would be inconsistent and confusing.    Mr. Scott. I am sorry?    Mr. Scott. I am going to yield the remainder of my time, Mr. Chairman. But I may come back and ask another question as time goes on.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    The chair recognizes Ranking Member DelBene, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And one of the things that I do think is important to point out is that the certified Angus, if you will, that is a voluntary. And I sold Angus cows with my grandfather for a long time. We also had a commercial herd. When we sold our Angus cows, we didn't imply that the Limousin Brahman Angus mix cows were unsafe, if you will.    And some of the, if you will, things that are being said about the use of biotechnology in agriculture is confusing, and in the end, misleading. We use less fertilizer, less pesticides. Biotechnology has been good for the environment, has been good for the producer, and has been good for the consumer. But one of the key differences in the certified Angus voluntary labeling and what we are facing right now is we are facing mandatory labeling from a government, in some cases, states, in some cases they are trying to do it at the local level. And I guess my question for you is, if somebody passed a standard, let's say, for whatever city we want to call--let's say they want to pass one for Washington, D.C., who would certify that?    Mr. Scott. So if a state, for example, we have seen states go down this path, who would certify that at the state level?    Mr. Scott. And so the USDA wouldn't have to?    Mr. Scott. Somebody would have to pay for that labeling. Somebody would have to pay for that standard. The state or whoever passed that law would have to contract with somebody to do that. And I guess that is where I think that we are headed down a very dangerous path here for the consumer where, if something is not done here, then you are going to see more inconsistency and more confusing scenarios for the consumer. The USDA is the standard for guaranteeing that we are getting what we purchase when we go to the store.    Mr. Chairman, there is a lot that needs to be done here to protect the consumer to make sure the consumer understands actually what they are getting, and there is a uniform standard.    Thank you for your testimony.