    Mr. Maldon. Thank you, Chairman Heck, Ranking Member Davis, distinguished members of the subcommittee. My fellow commissioners and I are honored to be here with you today. We thank you for the opportunity to testify.    As a Commission we stand unanimous, Mr. Chairman, in our belief that our recommendations strengthen the foundation of the All-Volunteer Force. It secures our national security and honors those who serve and the families who support them now and into the future.    Our recommendations maintain or increase the overall value of the compensation and benefits for service members and their families, and provide needed flexibility for service personnel managers to design and manage a balanced force.    Our blended retirement plans expands benefits from 17 percent to 75 percent of service members, while maintaining the service's current force profiles. It provides flexibility for service members and its services while protecting and improving the assets of service members who retire at 20 years of service.    These findings are based on reasonable and conservative estimates, including TSP investment returns of 7.3 percent, and retired pay costs of living adjustments of 2.3 percent.    To maintain current force profiles, TSP contributions were not recommended beyond 20 years of service. However, the consideration of matching contribution that continues beyond 20 years of service may be an area the committee wishes to explore.    Our recommendations promote essential high-level focus on readiness through a new Joint Readiness Command that can serve as a strong advocate for readiness funding and maintenance skill standards.    They expand choice, access, quality and value of health care by offering family members, Reserve Component members, and retirees a broad choice of insurance plans that are more flexible and efficient than the current TRICARE system. They maintain savings on groceries and other essential goods while improving the cost-effectiveness of DOD's commissary and exchanges.    Our recommendations also save more than $12 billion annually after full implementation without cutting the overall benefit of service members. Our recommendations align compensation to the preferences of service members, which were partially measured through the more than 155,000 survey responses we received.    Our survey methodology, which was new to the military community, captured preferences for the alternative benefit level. Its analytical tools then enabled for the first time direct comparison between the value of that service member's place on varying compensation and benefits packages.    The survey validates the many comments we received from service members and their families at the 55 installations that we visited. Our recommendations incorporate substantial consideration of potential second- and third-order effect, which are reflected in our implementation timelines.    Advancing these implementation timelines due to budget constraints may lead to an unanticipated cost, implementation challenges, or even failed modernization efforts. An example may be accelerating the multiyear backend operational efficiency of our commissary and exchange recommendations.    In closing, my fellow commissioners and I again thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. And we stand ready for your questions, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Maldon. That is it.    Mr. Maldon. Thank you.    Mr. Maldon. Yes, Mr. Chairman. I am going to ask Commissioner Buyer to speak directly to that question.    Mr. Maldon. Ranking Member Davis, currently under the current system of TRICARE people go outside--they go outside now to get that care when they can't get it within the MTFs.    Mr. Maldon. Yes. Congressman, for improved utilization and program management, just in that area alone there is $5.2 billion. There is an increase to the cost to beneficiaries. There is an increase there of $2.0 billion. There is a movement as we shift to accrual funding, that is a $4 billion savings.    Now, that gave us of course a total of about $11.2 billion. But, what we have proposed is to turn around and invest in benefits to improve the quality of the program, which will be TRICARE Choice. And also to make sure that there are some other insurance reforms that would take place.    So we have allowed for that. So there is about--there is roughly $2.7 billion that is spent for the insurance reform. There is another $4 billion that we are spending here for making sure that we can put money back into the system to make it better with regard to choice, access, and improve the overall value of that program by expanding the network.    So totally yes, we are talking about somewhere between--about $6.7 billion.    Mr. Maldon. That is the accrual. That is the shift into accrual, accrual funding. When I talk about the cost to beneficiaries, that is that cost share increase there to the retirees that are non-Medicare eligible.    Mr. Maldon. I am going to ask Commissioner Higgins to talk specifically to that in that area, please.    Mr. Maldon. Congressman Walz, let me go back and first address one of the comments that you made if I might. We are not cutting benefits to the members of the force. That is not happening in our recommendations, number one.    Number two, there aren't any tradeoffs to this. The benefits--when we talked about the cost savings to the beneficiaries has nothing to do with our service members that are currently serving.    This has to do with those retirees that are non-Medicare eligible retirees that age--that is between the time that they retire up to 20 years or whatever that period of time is that they retire the service until the time that they get to the point that they can start receiving Social Security and so forth.    So it is during those working years. That is that 1 percent increase per year starting from the 5 percent that it is today under the current system. And it goes on a slow ramp of 1 percent per year over the next 15 years until it gets to the 20 percent point.    So that is that cost savings there. It is not for the--not bothering anything with the benefits of the service members that are currently serving.    Mr. Maldon. I am going to ask--let me ask Commissioner Chiarelli to respond first.    General Chiarelli. I made that comment. And I think it is just absolutely essential. And without getting into the specifics, before you start taking it apart you work with us so that we can in less than the 3 seconds I have to answer your question lay out for you how these recommendations support each other.    Readiness Command is absolutely essential to what we are doing in medicine. And we feel that Readiness Command is absolutely essential because every single one of our recommendations in one way or another touches readiness.    Mr. Maldon. Yes. Go ahead, Commissioner Giambastiani.    Mr. Maldon. Congresswoman, first thank you very much for the question. When we deliberated on our recommendations here, one of the things that we really wanted to do, and we were unanimous in this, is that we wanted to make sure that we could actually expand that number of service members that were actually going to receive a retirement benefit when they leave the service.    We were concerned about the number of people that come into the military and will make two to three deployments or just stay in for a good period of time and then wind up leaving the service and then not have anything at all.    We believe that the recommendation we have made here to expand that percentage from 17 percent of the people that are currently leaving to 75 percent of the service members that would be leaving, we believe that is going to really help with retention and the recruiting, especially with recruiting.    Because when these service members leave with something they get a new start in transitioning into civilian life again. But they also become goodwill ambassadors for the service because they are going to be able to talk about the great experiences that they had and how the services really took care of them.    When we talk about really taking care of the service members, this is part of it. And I am going to ask Commissioner Higgins to fill in some here with regard to the rest of your question.    Mr. Maldon. Yes, it is. Yes, it is, Congressman.    Mr. Maldon. Congressman, I am sorry. I heard the last part of your question a while ago. Maybe I didn't hear the whole thing. We have a blended retirement plan.    Mr. Maldon. Okay.    Mr. Maldon. Yes. The blended retirement plan is that we actually preserved 80 percent of the defined benefit plan. And so the defined contribution piece of that is the TSP. That is the Thrift Savings Plan piece of that where we--it is a government-sponsored program where the government will put in the 1 percent for every service member entering the service.    And then at the third year, the first day of the third year, then there is an opportunity for a 3 percent matching by the government, if in fact the service member is putting in that 3 percent, there is a 3 percent matching that comes with it that could actually even go up to 5 percent, depending on whether or not the service members want to put in that amount of money.    Mr. Maldon. It vests the first day of the third year.    Mr. Maldon. Commissioner Higgins.    Mr. Buyer. I don't know the exact number, but that is pretty close.    Mr. Maldon. Yes.    Mr. Buyer. Bingo. Thank you. Conclude the hearing.    Mr. Maldon. I totally agree with you.    Mr. Maldon. Correct.    Mr. Maldon. Correct.    Mr. Maldon. Correct.    Mr. Maldon. Right.    Mr. Maldon. Thank you, Congressman, for your question. We actually surveyed 1.3 million retirees. We actually surveyed over 550,000 Active Duty/Reserve Component members. And the survey--and we not only surveyed them, I have got to tell you that in addition to the surveys that we conducted and the responses that we got back, we actually also collected all kinds of comments from service members that came back to us, both retirees as well as Active Component members, saying here is what we prefer as a value.    This is what we value and in terms of our benefits here is what we--and part of what the reason we got to the recommendation that we got to on retirement is because they came back and said we want something different than a one-size-fits-all under the retirement plan that we currently have.    We want to be able to participate in that decision. We want to be able to tell you how to design--how we like to see our retirement plan designed, and how we would like to receive the benefits of that plan, the compensation plan.    So what we have put together here came from both the surveys, the results of the surveys as well as the different hearings, the town hall meetings, and the other comments that we received by way of our Web site as well as comments coming into the office. A combination thereof.    Mr. Maldon. Absolutely.    Mr. Maldon. That is correct. Yes.    Mr. Maldon. Yes. I think the answer to that question is yes. I mean what we really asked our service members to do in that 155,000 responses that we got back from the survey, we basically were asking them to actually stack and rack the benefits in priority terms for them in terms of what they preferred here with regard to that benefit.    And so you give us your answer as to what is valuable to you as a benefit. Then we asked them to continue to compare one against the other.    So they were--you know they were basically asked--we used the survey as an analytical tool to really kind of really get them to really not only tell us what they value, but then to give it to us in terms of priority one against the other, one benefit against the other.    Mr. Maldon. That is correct.    Mr. Maldon. You know, Congressman, if I were in your position, I would be asking that same question. I don't know how I would, knowing what I know, from what we have done over the last 18 months to 2 years. I would have a very difficult time trying to figure out how not to get this done, to justify why we couldn't sell it.    Mr. Maldon. Yes.    Mr. Maldon. Commissioner Higgins.    Mr. Maldon. Ranking Member Davis, I would also just like to add that without that investment of the continuation pay their net earnings, lifetime savings with our modeling is still to their advantage, net-net. There is a net positive in their lifetime earnings in the recommendation without that continuation pay.    Mr. Maldon. Commissioner Higgins, you want to take a shot at that first?    Mr. Maldon. Congressman, I want to provide you with a little more--we will do this for the record, if I might provide you with a little bit more information around your question on that 20 percent.    I would just add though, very quickly, a lot of it really depends on where you are at that point in time in your military career. And people that have been a long--been in it for a while, they are closer to the retirement point that took the survey, they are more likely to want to answer that question to say they like the current system better because that is the one that they are in and that is the one they are familiar with.    But we will provide you with more information for the record.    Mr. Maldon. That is correct.    Mr. Maldon. Yes.    Mr. Buyer. We are in a place that is no different than where Congress was after World War II. And they stepped forward with the GI Bill.    Where we are today is not only do we do the GI Bill that is already there, but we also are doing more with regard to the war after next. And that is what this modernization of our package is. So what your comments are, you are in the exact same position I believe as Congress was in 1948 and 1952.    Mr. Maldon. Congresswoman, I would like to add, I am looking at this chart here though. And I think I would be remiss if I didn't mention we are redoing this chart because we are taking a look at the lifetime earnings.    And we are going to--and I think the result is going to be the same. But we will be redoing that chart. And we will make sure that you get the update to that as we do it.    Mr. Maldon. Because we just re-look at assumptions and those kind of things that I think would be very important to make sure that that date is included.    Mr. Maldon. I will turn to my fellow commissioners and see if you have any comments to make. Go ahead. Commissioner Chiarelli wants to.    General Chiarelli. I would really like to state the importance of the Readiness Command, not only from a medical standpoint but also from the standpoint of every single one of our recommendations touches readiness in some way.    The only way that I would disagree with Commissioner Buyer is it is a lot like World War II. But in my own service there were 8.5 million men and women who fought that battle for just over 4 years.    We have done it with less than 1 percent of the population and every one of them has been a volunteer. So you know if we want to maintain this force and do these kinds of things, we need to ensure that we are watching the readiness issues.    Mr. Maldon. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.