    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    You know, typically the indiscretions of a few will hurt the many who do good. And there is no question that is true. And many of us feel very strongly about abortion whether you are pro-choice or pro-life. I happen to be an obstetrician. As I spent 31 years doing that, delivering about 5,000 babies, I am strongly pro-life. And I think that the intent of those grants was very clear. I can certainly see why someone who has had an abortion, who has problems emotionally, would feel like you want to help them. I certainly understand that. I have done that. When people had them someone else and came to me, I did offer support for those patients and would continue to do so. But the grants can prohibit that. It's not to be used and I think we feel like if we allow that, you will get on a slippery slope and then people just decided what they want to do. And I think that's the problem I have seen with--I am on the Veteran's Affairs Committee and one of the problems I have with this place is the lack of accountability. People just do what they want to because they think they want to, not the intent of Congress, and then there are no consequences to it.    So what I want to dig into, first of all, were there just six people? What have been the consequences to that? Because if the consequences were in this, we just cut the grant off. And realizing that there are AmeriCorps members out there working hard every day, New York or wherever they may be working that are doing good work, if those consequences were there like that, those grantees would not do that. If there was some accountability like that.    And I think that you as a director, Ms. Spencer, are going to have to say, well, I would like to see these people go on and do all. Well, then there have been nothing for these people. If you think about it, we are having this discussion about not a lot. And what Mr. Scott was talking about, about the amount of money, I do not care about that. It is the principle that is involved. And I think, you know, a billion dollars is a lot of money. It is a thousand million dollars that you oversee every year. And so I want to know had there been more than six, Ms. Jeffrey? Were there more than that? Or how did you determine there were just six people involved?    Mr. Roe. Okay.    Mr. Roe. Thank you, Ms. Jeffrey. What date does the sub-grantees contract basic grant end?    Mr. Roe. And has not been renewed.    Mr. Roe. And that they can't apply in some other grant. Would you accept a different grant from these people?    Mr. Roe. Let me ask a question. When you are looking at a program, a success or a failure of a program, what is a win? How do you evaluate the success of a program because this one clearly was not? I mean, someone in that shop decided we are going to do this knowing good and well that they should not do it. We will just do it and we probably would not get caught. We will ask for forgiveness if we get cause because there is no risk to us if we do. And the risk, I guess, is not getting another grant, but that is it. You did not stop the grant.    So how do you evaluate a program? In other words, how do you define a win, a success?    Mr. Roe. I am about out of time, but when someone applies for a grant, there are metrics out there, benchmarks that they have to meet.    Mr. Roe. Okay, I yield back.