    Mr. Grothman. Sure. Couple questions for you. One of the things that's a little bit frustrating about this hearing, and I apologize. I feel a little bit sorry for you is that you've expressed concerns about some of the civil service protections. And so people back home understand civil service protections are very important because if we didn't have civil service protections, you could wind up at an agency like the IRS or something firing anybody who wasn't on the right side politically. Nevertheless, you have expressed frustration, and I do believe some of people are expressing the greatest anger at you today, or some of the people express anger at you may be the first to fight any change in those civil service laws.    But could you give us some suggestions that you may have to make it easier to remove an employee who is a misbehaving employee? And I'll tell you one of the things that frustrates me today, and you can think about this when I talk about it. We have a situation in which people are just behaving in outrageous conduct. I mean, something just--you know, somebody--if a late night talk show host made it up you wouldn't believe it, but it really happened apparently. So things that are obviously wrong. It makes me wonder what's happening if we just have employees who aren't doing a very good job at their job--right--where it's a little bit more subjective. But could you give me any suggestions you'd have for changing the civil service laws?    Mr. Grothman. And what would you think an appropriate penalty is for this behavior?    Mr. Grothman. By ``removal,'' you mean they should be fired.    Mr. Grothman. OK. Just because you kind of dance around, could you just describe to the public today why you feel this behavior was wrong so I get a sense? Why is this bad behavior? Could you explain in your own mind?    Mr. Grothman. It is appalling. When I read this stuff, is it right that some of this stuff was maybe brought to the attention or made aware Colombian authorities? They were aware of this.    Mr. Grothman. OK. I'll ask the same question to Mr. Horowitz there because he seems a little--could you comment on how you feel we should change without--with still keeping protections for people but change things a little bit so that we maybe had a little--not just outrageous conduct but even competent conduct out of the DEA.    Mr. Grothman. Well, it's good that the Colombian people had a little higher standards.    Mr. Grothman. Right. But, I mean, eventually that they--that they felt there was something wrong.    Mr. Grothman. Thank you.