    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    First, I want to welcome you. I'm a big fan of yours. But at the same time I would like to ask you a question. I understand you keep a copy of the FBI's request to wiretap Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., on your desk as a reminder of the FBI's capacity to do wrong. Is that correct?    Mr. Cohen. I commend you for that.    That occurred during J. Edgar Hoover's tenure as Director. As you know, J. Edgar Hoover did some awful, terrible things in his life and as FBI Director. He started the COINTELPRO. I might be mispronouncing that. How do you pronounce that?    Mr. Cohen. COINTELPRO program, which harassed civil rights workers, SNCC people, SCLC people, Dr. King in particular, others, political activists and homosexuals. He was abusive. He was the opposite of justice. His efforts to silence Dr. King and out homosexuals working for the Federal Government were deplorable and a stain on our Nation's history and on the FBI.    It's been reported that at one point he even had a letter sent to Dr. King threatening to expose all kinds of private information collected surreptitiously. The letter appeared to suggest that Dr. King should kill himself to save himself from embarrassment. ``King, there is only one thing left for you to do. You know what it is. You have just 34 days in which to do it. You are done. There is but one way out for you. You better take it before your filthy, abnormal, fraudulent self is bared to the nation.'' This was the head of FBI.    His treatment of homosexuals was no better. He called them sex deviants. He ordered the FBI to undertake extraordinary efforts to identify everyone in the Bureau who was even suspected of being homosexual in the Federal Government.    There's a documentary been done on this, it's on Yahoo.com, by Michael Isikoff called ``Uniquely Nasty.'' I encourage you to watch it. I watched it and was shocked. It premiered at the Newseum. It's sickening what the FBI did.    In 1951, Hoover issued a memo to top FBI officials saying each supervisor will be held personally responsible to underline in green pencil the names of individuals who are alleged to be sex deviants. This was discovered through a FOIA effort 2 years ago. The FBI eventually collected more than 360,000 files on gays and lesbians.    It's reported in 1952 he outed a young campaign aide, a Vandenberg, Jr., and went on a war on him. And Senator Vandenberg, a Republican, eventually committed suicide in the Senate office because of what they brought out about his son and what they were doing to destroy him.    J. Edgar Hoover was a man that doesn't reflect the good people of the FBI or reflect what you and the FBI are trying to do today. The FBI's own Web site declared the COINTELPRO program, as rightly criticized by Congress and the American people, for breaching First Amendment rights and other reasons, yet his name continues to adorn the FBI building.    Would you agree that his name is not appropriate as a reflection of what the fine people at the FBI today try to do to bring about justice in our country?    Mr. Cohen. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cohen. I'm saying does it not reflect the qualities that the FBI individuals and the FBI today have in pursuing justice and being fair and not using tactics to attack minorities in this country?    Mr. Cohen. Yes, sir. And I agree and I appreciate that, but do you agree that his name is not reflective of the what the FBI stands for and what the FBI agents of today believe in and do?    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir. I would like to see his name taken off the building, and I have bill. Representative Burton had it with Chris Shays in the past, and I'm going to reintroduce that bill, but I was hoping, as I mentioned to you the last time, that when we have a new building some time in the future, it's named for somebody like you.    Mr. Cohen. Or Congressman Edwards or Attorney General Kennedy.    And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Chairman, can I be recognized for a point of personal privilege?    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I'm a student of history, and when I make a mistake I want to correct it. And I was wrong in saying that Senator Vandenberg's son had committed suicide. It was a Senator Hayes, and his son was arrested in Lafayette Park for being gay. But that was McCarthy who was after him. So it was right church, wrong pew, but I wanted to correct the record.    Thank you, sir.