    Mr. Flashman. Thank you, Chairman Denham. Good morning, Chairman Denham, Mr. Capuano, and Congress Members. Thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Let me start by saying that I have no conceptual problem with high-speed rail. High-speed rail systems in other countries have shown they can, if planned and implemented prudently, be cost-effective and improve transportation efficiency while reducing greenhouse gas emissions.    Here in California, however, too much has been promised and too little will be delivered. I will focus on legal issues affecting the California high-speed rail project's use of State funds and the associated risk to the Federal Treasury from the California High-Speed Rail Authority's, or CHSRA's, use of Federal grant funds for construction and other activities.    Before doing that, I want to comment briefly on CHSRA's current financial situation and why this issue is important. As my written testimony explains in more detail, CHSRA currently has only two sources of funds: $3.5 billion in Federal grant funds, and State funds, primarily Prop. 1A funds, plus a much smaller contribution from the greenhouse gas Cap and Trade auction proceeds.    Prop. 1A asked that CHSRA seek private funding, but no private entity has stepped forward to invest funds in the project to this point. There are good reasons for that. CHSRA has over $6 billion in appropriated funds, but restrictions on using Prop. 1A funds for construction prevent CHSRA from using those funds. Consequently, CHSRA current construction funding is limited to its Federal grants plus a small amount of Cap and Trade auction proceeds. In essence, CHSRA is like a steam engine with almost no coal left to shovel in its fire box. It may keep going for a while longer, but it will eventually run out of steam and stop cold.    The California Legislature, in writing Prop. 1A, was aware that voters were worried about the risk in approving more general obligation bonds that would eventually be on their shoulders. Consequently, it put into the measure what the California Court of Appeals has called a financial straitjacket, intended to reassure voters that the funds would not be wasted. There are stringent procedural and substantive requirements on how and when CHSRA can use the bond funds.    While the courts have allowed the legislature to appropriate bond funds without fully complying with Prop. 1A, those same courts have made clear that before those funds can be used for construction, CHSRA will have to comply with Prop. 1A's requirements. With CHSRA's currently politically motivated design, that is virtually impossible.    Prop. 1A requires CHSRA to show it has available all the funds needed to complete construction of a usable segment that will be suitable and ready for high-speed rail operation. CHSRA optimistically estimates that its current usable segment from Wasco to San Jose will cost over $20 billion. At most, CHSRA has maybe $6 to $8 billion in available funding. Unless CHSRA can show where it has squirreled away over $10 billion, it cannot meet that requirement.    In addition, service on that segment must be able to run without a public operating subsidy. Even if you accept CHSRA's highly optimistic ridership estimates, its usable segment is very unlikely to be able to do so. Consequently, no Prop. 1A funds can be used to build that segment.    Even if CHSRA could meet these procedural requirements, Prop. 1A's substantive requirements would still block use of Prop. 1A funds. Prop. 1A requires that trains be able to travel from the Transbay Transit Center in San Francisco to Los Angeles Union Station in no more than 2 hours and 40 minutes. With the indirect route that CHSRA has chosen, making the trip in less than 3 hours is basically impossible. Nor can the current legislatively mandated blended system meet the required 30-minute travel time between San Francisco and San Jose.    Further, the blended system, which requires CHSRA and Caltrain to share the same tracks between San Jose and San Francisco, also precludes meeting Prop. 1A's 5-minute headway requirement.    As for using Cap and Trade funds, that system is currently under legal challenge. Even if it survives, the current funding is only $4.5 million this year, and Cap and Trade's authorization runs out in 2020. With the legislature having rejected its extension and indicating a preference for a revenue-neutral carbon tax where the collected funds would be rebated to businesses and the public, that would leave no proceeds to fund high-speed rail.    In short, despite its optimistic statements at this point, CHSRA has no viable financial way forward.    As I said at the start, I believe a prudently planned and executed high-speed rail system could be beneficial for California. Unfortunately, CHSRA has given no indication that it intends to rethink its current disastrous course, which will result in more litigation but no useful rail project.    Thank you.    Mr. Flashman. I am not sure I can name any one specific project, but the aim of AB-32, which is what set up the whole idea of doing a Cap and Trade project, was to get greenhouse gas emissions down to 1990 levels by 2020.    Mr. Flashman. Well, at some point maybe it will. It certainly can't by 2020. It is still going to be under construction in 2020. It won't actually start operating--at this point they are estimating 2025.    Mr. Flashman. Well, I am handling the lawsuit which basically is saying it should not.    Mr. Flashman. That is correct.    Mr. Flashman. Obviously, if it is going at the current rate, it is not going to be very much help at all. I am sure the Governor would like to see Cap and Trade extended. He is talking about sending it at least to 2030, maybe to 2050. If they could extend it to 2050, they hope they could securitize it.