    Mr. Sherman. I have a lot of questions for which I would just like a response in writing, and then I will end with one that I would like an oral response from.    First, I want to commend the----    Mr. Sherman. I am responding to the chairman's policies.    Mr. Sherman. I want to commend you for the action regarding Ebola. I want to be one of the first to commend you for the administration's approach to Iraq and Syria.    We got chemical weapons out of the area. Otherwise, theywould be in ISIS's hands. And we repelled attacks on the Haditha Dam, the Mosul Dam, and, most importantly, Baghdad, all without any U.S. combat casualties.    Now, a lot of people throw out other ideas: You should have done this. You should have done that. Maybe they would have made things better. Maybe things would be worse.    But I will tell you this: Every one of those other strategies would have resulted in an awful lot of American combat casualties. Your strategy has done more without casualties to Americans in the service than any other strategy could have.    As to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, you say it shouldn't be a race to the bottom, but Vietnam is 30 cents an hour. That is the bottom. And we are told that we are going to get free access to the markets of Vietnam, but they don't have freedom and they don't have markets.    They were told that there is going to be labor rights for Vietnamese workers. They don't dare assert them because the human rights situation is such that they risk their own lives. So, I mean, 30 cents an hour is the bottom, and that is what we are racing to.    Also, as to China in this Trans-Pacific agreement, with the rules of origin in our other agreements, goods that are 50, 60, 80 percent made in China can then go to another country, get slapped with a tag, and come into the United States duty free.    The chairman raised the Broadcasting Board of Governors issue. I just want to raise one small part of that, and that is how important it is that we broadcast in the Sindhi language. I think I mentioned this to you before.    This committeehas voted to spend $1.5 million a year to do that. And thereis no population in the world more important to world stability than that of Pakistan. There is no place where there are more crazy ideas than Pakistan. And if you are trying to reach a population, you can't just do it in Urdu.    Senator Kerry, you championed recognition of the Armenian genocide. We now are about to have the 100th anniversary, and I would hope that you would show the courage that you are personally known for and, on April 24, use the world ``genocide'' to describe what happened in Anatolia 100 years ago.    In your earlier testimony, you said that Iran is not permitted to have a nuclear weapon ever because they are members of the NPT, unlike North Korea. North Korea was a member of the NPT. They withdrew in 2003.    And I would hope you would clarify for the record that North Korea is not entitled to have a nuclear weapon and that Iran does not become permitted to have a nuclear weapon should they at some future time decide to withdraw from the NPT.    I hope that you would furnish for the record a statement that our position is, once you are in the NPT, you cannot get out. Otherwise, every country is just one letter away from being permitted to develop nuclear weapons.    You have talked about 1 year to breakout. What I am concerned about is how long to sneak out. The MEK sometimes gives us accurate information. They are the ones that told the world about the Iranian nuclear program. They now say that there is a secret facility at Lavizan-3.    One approach is that--well, what I would like to know is: Are you willing to accept an agreement in which the IAEA does not have the right to go anywhere on short notice to look at undeclared or potentially undeclared or credibly believed to be undeclared nuclear sites or are we going to settle for the cat and mouse game in which you can tell us it is a year to breakout and the Iranians have undisclosed facilities and we can't even check them out?    I would ask that he be allowed to answer that for the record.    Mr. Sherman. I hope you have time for that one last question.