    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have been listening to this very impressive collaboration which apparently has bipartisan support even here. I note that this Great Lakes restoration effort is not authorized, but it has been funded. It appears that the Federal Government is the major actor pressing forward, using its full expertise with working groups and Federal agencies, and one is left to wonder if other areas, and somebody mentioned the Chesapeake, for example, if this kind of collaboration and effort driven by the Federal Government, the EPA and other agencies is occurring in other watersheds or are we hearing a unique effort that has not been exported.    Perhaps Mr. Korleski or Mr. Kramer would be able to speak to that.    Ms. Norton. Are the results that you obtained repeated anywhere else or are we talking about a unique effort?    I understand there's huge importance, massive importance of this major water supply, the Great Lakes. I'm trying to find out whether it's unique or not, particularly since it is driven by the Federal Government.    Ms. Norton. That I know. I am looking at the impressive results that have been attained here.    Mr. Gomez, do you have any notion of whether we are talking about a unique effort, completely federally driven, it seems to me, by one of the great watersheds. We couldn't do without it.    Ms. Norton. Would it go anywhere else?    Ms. Norton. Is that not different here? The Federal Government is the driver here, is it not?    Ms. Norton. And one of the problems in the Chesapeake Bay is the same huge number of States, but where they are the leadership with water the crosses State lines, it does not appear to me that we get results anywhere in the ballpark of what we are seeing here with this federally driven project.    Ms. Norton. How did you get the States who obviously have different interests, just as they do on the Chesapeake Bay, to collaborate except for the force of the Federal Government, its money and its expertise behind this project?    Ms. Norton. The what?    Ms. Norton. And what brought it? What do you say brought this opportunity?    Ms. Norton. I think it was Federal leadership, Mr. Korleski. I think it is very difficult when you say to the Chesapeake Bay, the nine States. I mean, there is something like that. You get together. This is one of the great wonders of the world, and together figure out what to do about it.    You have your own budgets, your own priorities, and everyone speaks about how extraordinary this is, but what you do not have is the kind of leadership that the Federal agencies have given to this extraordinary project with extraordinary results, and you have not been able to name a single other project which has had similar results.    And I would with knowing nothing hazard a guess that it is because it has not had the same Federal leadership that this project has had.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.