    Dr. Hauser. Mr. Chairman, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research, as mentioned, I am Bob Hauser, Dean of the College of Agricultural, Consumer and Environmental Sciences. At Illinois, the Experiment Station and the Illinois Extension is also under the Dean's supervision.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify on the subject of agricultural research and innovation. I will focus my remarks on agricultural research issues related to major crops and renewable energy crops, and the role of USDA-NIFA funding.    While my written testimony expands on points made during the next 4 or 5 minutes, I would like to emphasize three take-home messages. First, Federal-state partnership for agricultural research between USDA and state agricultural experiment stations has been a huge success, and we need to ensure that same success, going forward, by ensuring appropriate capacity. Second, agricultural research and development benefits greatly from partnership between public and private institutions. And finally, the need for agricultural research, especially among major crops, is absolutely critical for consumers at home and worldwide.    For context, our college research derives support from many sources, with annual research expenditures at about $45 million. Our competitive research support from USDA is roughly equal to our USDA formula funds, and we are funded at higher levels from other Federal agencies and from private companies. We have also been awarded significant grants from the USAID.    Now, I cited several, several, examples in my written testimony of successful crop research assisted by USDA-NIFA involving nitrogen uptake, flowering response, photosynthesis, planting density, and on and on, and these successes often involve other efforts and partnerships at the University of Illinois involving, for example, our Plant Breeding Center and the Energy Biosciences Institutes, and others, but an important point is that USDA projects are instrumental in a positive proof of concept, and then leveraged into much, much more. Another thing to keep in mind is that we translate science for use in practice, whether it is technology or whether it is information. I just mentioned some technology examples, but a couple of other information examples include USDA assistance in helping us develop FarmDoc, a leading platform for farm and risk management research and decision tools, and USDA has also helped us put the timely information in the hands of producers during the implementation of the most recent farm bill. Again, as illustrated by most of these examples, we like to leverage resources through these partnerships. Just yesterday, for example, a major chemical and agricultural technology company launched an innovation center on our campus that looks to partner with us in many ways, including improved cropping systems. But we do have some challenges. Those challenges are often related to declining state support for agricultural research and extension. As higher education relies more on tuition, we cannot justify subsidizing agricultural research activity with student dollars. With respect to crop science, attracting a sufficient, number of top students is an issue, even though the jobs are plentiful for those students. A research productivity in this area measured in a competitive grant funding has been excellent, but crop research, like all research in academia, is driven by grant opportunities. But funding for the locally applied research, that locally applied research in this area, has diminished. Illinois has lost substantial capacity for crops research, and one example is the recent budget cut devoted to crops in four field research centers. But despite these challenges, were all exceptional opportunities for Illinois and our sister institutions.    Secretary Vilsack addressed us on campus about international food security a couple of weeks ago, and he emphasized the need to invest more in agricultural research and education because all are beneficiaries of agriculture, he argued, and consequently, land-grant universities must have capacity to conduct agricultural research and education in the next levels of competency.    I want to wrap things up here with four policy implications. First, agriculture, especially major crop agriculture, has global implications. Invest to meet those global challenges, but understand the importance of science applied locally. Two, emphasize partnerships appropriately. Be willing to apply Federal resources as a public good where the gaps exist. Three, emphasize competitiveness, but be smart about capacity, and work with the states to ensure the health of land-grant institutions. And finally, and this is very important, universities invest in scientific research in response to grantors. If resources are not apparent in agriculture, universities will invest in other areas.    So with that, I wish to thank the Committee again for the opportunity to share our perspective, and we very much appreciate your support of agricultural research, education, and outreach.    Dr. Hauser. Well, fewer and fewer students come from the farm, the demographics are clearly in that direction, but what isn't recognized, regardless of where they come from, is the breadth of what we have to offer in colleges that are represented here. We are talking about food production and feeding the world, and that is much more than cows and plows and things that the ``kids'' tend to think about these days when they think about programs. That is particularly related now, we fear, to crop sciences, the focus of my remarks. There is just not that much that is sexy about crops and plants and things that involves--until they get there and they learn there are jobs. And as soon as they start learning there are jobs is when we start seeing transfers come in and getting those seats filled.    The Chairman. So they may be going less to the farms and more to the agribusiness sector to----    Dr. Hauser. Agribusiness, processing, distribution, trade, policy.    The Chairman. Yes. One quick follow-up question before I turn it over to the Ranking Member. When Congress created NIFA, the clear construction intent was for an independent scientific policy setting agency for the good and ag sciences sector. Do you believe this intent, Dr. Hauser, has been achieved?    Dr. Hauser. It has been achieved. We continue to do the scholarship that that legislation had in mind when it was created. I think that the difference is that we now do it in much more of a partnership than we did when it began.    The Chairman. Great, thank you, Dr. Hauser. I will yield back, and I now recognize the Ranking Member for 5 minutes.    Dr. Hauser. May I speak on behalf of my friend from Michigan State?    Dr. Hauser. He made the point at the end of his remark, which is an excellent one, and that is, agricultural research often involves very land-intensive, capital-intensive infrastructures that have to be maintained, regardless of what kind of projects you are doing. It is like farming; you have to have land, you have to have capital, you have to have equipment, regardless of what you are doing, and that for us is often the most challenging part of maintaining the operation that we need to do the scholarship that is expected of us. And so it is a combination of competitive grant running the right way, plus the ability to be at the right capacity level.    Dr. Hauser. So that raises an interesting communication issue. The emotion associated with biotech and a lot of things in agriculture is communicated how? It is mostly through social media. So while it is good to get social scientists involved, and I am one of those, I am glad to hear that suggestion, it is also good to start thinking about how we communicate, and we are not very good in academia, of getting it out into the forum that people are paying attention to.    Dr. Hauser. Yes.    Dr. Hauser. Just one particular, like the others, we were grateful for what was--the general outcome for research, but the farm bill also allowed us to take the lead on educating producers about the new farm bill and the new policies, and that was a huge success. Translating the farm bill is often a challenge, to say the least, and with Congressman Davis' help, we were able to get a structure and a process set up to very much do that across--in our case, across the Midwest.    Dr. Hauser. It is related to a point that I made about capacity funding, and that Doug made as well. Facilities such as that require a lot of investment, they are fixed costs, and so competitive grants do not help to recoup those costs. As funding has gone down at the state level for us in particular, we have had to reduce expenditures, and reduce expenditures, and reduce expenditures over the last 5 to 10 years, actually. We have not gotten to that point where we are actually taking away research fund capacity, until now. But now we are here. And it is unfortunate, but it also speaks to, again, the need that we have heard several times today expressed which is the capacity and an infrastructure that has to really be emphasized when you are thinking about research in the food and agricultural area.    The Chairman. Thank you. And you also emphasized the importance of partnerships with the private-sector in doing crop research. When is that appropriate?    Dr. Hauser. Wow, that is a question that could take the rest of the afternoon.    The Chairman. We will charge Mr. Yoho.    Dr. Hauser. There are a lot of gaps, if you will, in the private research arena that can be addressed by the public and by research institutions represented here, whether it relates to market incentives, such as profits in the short-run that they are dealing with, whether it relates to public goods, there are lots of partnerships. And 20 to 30 percent of our research portfolio in my college is in partnership with corporations and the private-sector, and it is very, very useful as long as you can be extremely transparent about everything you do, as long as you are very objective, and as long as you apply the best science and scholarship, if you have those three things, that partnership with the private-sector and corporations works out wonderfully, and we hope to do even more.    The Chairman. Great. Dr. Hauser, thank you.    I will yield back the balance of my time, and recognize the gentleman from Florida for 5 minutes.