    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    There have been few times in my 20 years on this committee that I have felt so strongly about an individual. Administrator Neffenger is a person who I have a phenomenal amount of respect for. When I was the chairman of the Subcommittee on the Coast Guard and Maritime Matters, it was Mr. Neffenger, Admiral Neffenger, who cleaned up a mess called Deepwater Horizon where the Coast Guard was buying ships that didn't float, rid our systems that were supposed to have surveillance of 360 degree with 180 degrees, radios that when they got wet, they didn't work. He cleaned up the mess and saved this country and the Coast Guard probably hundreds of millions of dollars. And, sir, no matter what happens in this hearing, I thank you. I really do.    Last month, our committee heard testimony from three Transportation Security Administration employees. They raised troubling allegations about personnel practices that stretched back several years in some cases. The employees who came forward deserve to have their allegations thoroughly and fairly investigated. And I emphasize that. It is one thing to allege, but we need all the facts so that we can be about the business of not only hearing testimony but bringing about the reform that is necessary. And I am sure you would agree with that, Mr. Roth.    Unfortunately, the committee has not yet had the opportunity to fully examine or substantiate their claims. And let me pause here for a moment.    Mr. Roth, in your testimony, I want you to do me a big favor and I want you to do a big favor for this committee. I want you to distinguish between what happened pre-Neffenger, Admiral Neffenger, and post-. The chairmen spent, and rightfully so, a good amount of time talking about the $90,000 bonus. There is probably nobody in this Congress who has railed against bonuses going all the way back to AIG than I have. And so I want to make sure that we are putting responsibility where responsibility belongs. I hope you will do that.    Nevertheless, during our previous hearing, I was struck by how highly those whistleblowers speak about our witness today, Vice Admiral Peter Neffenger, the administrator of TSA. Despite their understandable frustration about what they endured, these whistleblowers repeatedly told the committee that Administrator Neffenger was taking positive steps at TSA. They made clear that he is setting a course for the agency that puts the top priority exactly where it should be, on security.    For example, Mark Livingston, a program manager in the Office of the Chief Risk Officer, testified that Administrator Neffenger is ``a man of integrity.'' He also said, ``TSA is not going to compromise our mission to expedite passengers at the expense of our mission.'' He went on to say, ``What we are going to do is we are going to get better, we are going to keep pushing pre-check, we are going to keep pushing a better process, we are going to get more people and we are going to get better at this. Mr. Neffenger has made it his priority.''    Similarly, Jay Brainard, a Federal security director in the Office of Security Operations in Kansas, testified, and I quote--now, these are whistleblowers. ``Certainly, since Mr. Neffenger has been in, there has been a shift to security and trying to get that pendulum to go back so we strike a balance.''    Mr. Brainard also said, ``It is important for us to make sure that we reassure our officers so that, regardless of the fact, that somebody is going to have to wait a few extra minutes, we still have their back. And we have an administrator who fully supports that, and that is part of the culture that he has established with TSA. That is a very difficult job. It is certainly not the most popular job, and we certainly appreciate it.''    I have to say that during my many years here on the Oversight Committee, I have rarely seen employees simultaneously come forward to report what they believe to be abuses while at the same time commending an individual who is in charge of the agency for his efforts to address them so vigorously. I can never remember that in these 20 years, and I have been at just about every minute of all the hearings.    Admiral and Administrator Neffenger testified last November that TSA faces ``a critical turning point.'' And I agree. He cannot turn around this agency on a dime. I wish he could. I don't think anybody up here could. But in the 10 months he has been on the job, and I emphasize 10 months, he has taken bold action to address the challenges he inherited.    For example, in February, he halted all directed reassignments currently in process. If you remember the committee when a lot of the complaints were about people who felt that they were being punished and being retaliated against by being moved from place to place. The wife would be sent to the Northeast and the husband be sent to the Southwest and all kinds of mischief. And so I am glad you addressed that, and I hope that you will talk about that a bit today because it was a large part of our hearing.    In March, he issued a memo that requires new reviews and approvals whenever a directed reassignment is requested. He strengthened TSA's controls over special achievement awards, more transparency to the Executive Resources Council, and appointed a chief operating officer to oversee the assistant administrators in charge of agency's operating divisions. Critically, he has worked diligently to address the security shortcomings identified by Inspector General Roth, who is also with us today. And I truly have a tremendous amount of respect for you, Mr. Roth.    He retrained all screening personnel, including managers, and created a new academy to train newly hired screeners. As Inspector General Roth testified last November, ``He has deactivated certain risk assessment rules that granted expedited screening through pre-check lanes.''    However, despite all of these positive changes, the number of screeners has dropped by nearly 6,000 over the past 4 years. And I agree with the chairman. That is something that we all should be concerned about. We all need to get to the bottom line of why that is happening. We want to retain our folks. And I am hoping that it is not a situation that the chairman and I found with the Secret Service where people had gotten to a point because they did the same job over and over and over again. I at least concluded that they had moved into a culture of complacency, and sadly, mediocrity.    Of course, the TSA has to do its job, but Congress has to do ours as well. Congress wants to ensure that this agency has the resources it needs to accomplish the security mission, and I want you to let us know whether you do have the resources, including rightsizing the number of screeners. I look forward to hearing from Administrator Neffenger about what more he needs to continue the improvements he has put in motion. And I anxiously look forward to hearing from Mr. Roth about the work he is undertaking to assess these changes.    I do believe that we are well on our way to making the TSA a better organization, and if it is a morale question, I would like for you to address that forthrightly, Mr. Neffenger, Admiral Neffenger, and let us know what you plan to do about that.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Admiral, I want to get down to the meat of what happened the other day when the whistleblowers came in. There was a theme running throughout their testimony, and they were very forthright, really good people. And they came to us begging almost for fairness. But one of the things that they said was that there are some leadership folk and they said it is not a lot of them that try to undermine the things that you are trying to bring about. And they felt very strongly that if these folks were not there, things would run a lot smoother.    And so I just want to ask you, one of them said this, ``this workforce is waiting out Mr. Neffenger because they think the elections are coming.'' Other whistleblowers expressed similar concerns. And, Administrator, have you heard this type of concern? And I hear that you are doing a great job, but that the problem elements at TSA are just waiting you out?    And how do you put in systems that go beyond your tenure? Because I know you are used to doing that. You did it with Deepwater Horizon in the Coast Guard. You made sure that we had procurement officers that were trained properly. You set up a mechanism by which there was an inside-the-Coast-Guard training apparatus, and now they are doing fine. So how do you do that here and keep in mind what they said? They weren't so much complaining about you. They were complaining about some folks under you. So how do you deal with that? And do you have any idea who these whistleblowers were talking about?    Mr. Cummings. Well, let me ask you this. One of the things--and I think that--first of all, I think every member of this committee and I know for a fact the chairman feels this way and certainly--because we have talked about it a lot. If there is retaliation, we have a major problem with that, and we will do everything in our power to protect whistleblowers.    And I guess my question now is when I heard about this reassignment--and I know you are not doing it anymore--I mean, some of that stuff really upset me because basically what they were doing was it sounded like intentionally tearing up families, dividing them, and I mean really putting some hardship on people, which was, I mean, unbearable. And they were spending--I think one case spend $100,000 to do a reassignment that didn't even make sense except to retaliate.    I want to know what your position is with regard to retaliation, how you deal with that. And we want to be assured that if there are people who are doing that--and I am telling you, I think you will get--not I think, I know you will get every member of our committee backing you up, but we want to know what your position is with regard to that, and have you found any of that so far, I mean, yourself. I know that you may have heard some things. I don't--but go ahead.    Mr. Cummings. And I am going to finish with this, Mr. Chairman.    So you are saying that if there are people watching this at TSA who feel that they are being wrongfully retaliated against or some action taken against them that is illegal and improper, you are saying you have an open door?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Cummings. I am going to be very brief. First of all, I want to thank both of you for your testimony.    After the last hearing we had on TSA, Admiral, we had a--my staff has just given this to me this morning, but it was a letter, a handwritten letter from one of the whistleblowers. And I have never read a letter into the record that was addressed to me like this, but I am reading it for a reason, and I will explain it in a minute. Again, this is one of the whistleblowers.    It says, ``Dear sir, thank you for your leadership and direct fairness in the hearings on the issues of TSA's current and potential misconduct. You spoke truth to power when you asked and demanded a fair and balanced hearing. You breathe air into our agency and gave hope to all the men and women when you asked for the facts. We, all of us at TSA, now believe that Congress can and will fix TSA. Thank you, sir. You have inspired all of us to renew our faith in the process of accountable leadership, and I wish you continued success and great health.'' And I am going to leave the name out.    And the reason why I read that letter is because there are people depending on us, and they just want to get it right. You know, a lot of times I hear negative things about employees, that is Federal employees and State government, but I tell people that a lot of these people--and most of them, they come out, they have a mission, and they want to serve the public. And they want to treat them right.    There are stresses that come with the job. I mean, any elected official will tell you that they could be at the supermarket and maybe somebody will come up and say, hello, and then somebody will say, Congressman--they are just trying to get out of the supermarket--about the seventh or eighth person, you know, the person doesn't realize that they are the seventh or eighth person that has called him and doesn't realize he has got to get home. So that is part of the job.    And I realize that a lot of the things that the employees do, I am sure, can get monotonous. And the chairman was just showing me the photos of all the knives and the guns and grenades and things that people I am sure in many instances--most instances it is accidentally are trying to get through. So we do not have room for error.    But I read the letter because I want to remind you--and I know I don't have to do this, but there are so many people who want us to help. They want you to help, and they want us to help. And when I listened to those whistleblowers, and I heard all of their testimony, you know the theme that ran through the whole thing was that they simply wanted the best for the public and for the agency. They weren't showboating. They probably didn't even really want to be here, but they, like many of our Federal employees, most, they had a desire that their agency would be the elite of the elite.    And that is the kind of reputation I want to get to. I want people to be very proud to be a TSA employee. And I want them, when they say, you know, I work for the TSA, to stick their chest out and say you know what, this is a great organization.    But again, keep in mind what I said. If you go back and you listen to all the things that they said, they talked about a few bad apples in the leadership and excluded you, by the way. They said that you are doing a good job. So I just beg you to keep all of that in mind. And I really appreciate your efforts. I know it is difficult. Mr. Roth, I want to thank you.    And I hope that you all will continue to work together because that is what it is all about. This is how it is supposed to work. We need the critical eye of just a great lawyer and a great IG like you, Mr. Roth, but then we need the response to be appropriate.    And so with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back. And again, I thank you, Mr. Chairman, for this hearing.