    Mr. Negroponte. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the Committee. I appreciate the opportunity to discuss the relationship between national security and agriculture. And before I give a brief summary of my testimony, I would like to mention that I knew Kika de la Garza. I knew him very well because he was also head of the U.S.-Mexico Congressional Caucus that used to meet periodically, the two legislatures, and he led the delegations down to Mexico City all the time. And, of course, being from the border area there in Texas, and having a Latino background, he knew Mexico extremely well.    I also want to mention that during the course of my foreign service career and diplomatic career, I had nine overseas postings altogether during the 44 years that I worked in government, but I can hardly think of a place where I served where agriculture didn't figure prominently in one way or another in the situations we were dealing with. Whether it was a crisis of some kind, or whether it had to do with our analysis of local, political, and economic conditions; you can't understand another country in most instances unless you understand something about their rural areas and agricultural conditions.    And I was thinking, my first assignment in 1961 was to Hong Kong. And you would say, ``Well, what does that have to do with agriculture?'' Well, back then, we were trying to figure out whether there was a famine in China. And we didn't have the means of intelligence that we have today, we would just send a satellite and go survey a little bit of the terrain and so forth, and we would probably be able to figure things out pretty fast, but we couldn't back then. We relied on refugee reports, we relied on people pouring over Chinese language newspapers that got smuggled out of China. Remember, there was the Bamboo Curtain at that time. We had a whole basement of a warehouse in Hong Kong where we got all these newspapers, and then we had people translating these articles trying to look for traces of information about what the agricultural conditions were in China at that time. And we used to have some fierce debates amongst us as to just how bad conditions were because our intelligence wasn't that good.    Vietnam, of course, I served there, and what more important a country in the area for rice production, the Mekong Delta, fabulously fertile country. I was there during the war from 1964 to 1968 and, of course, agricultural production during those wartime conditions dropped precipitately, and a country that had been exporting 1.5 or so million tons of rice in 1939, before World War II, by the time of the Vietnam war, was importing food. And that was one of our major programs, a commodity import program, to satisfy the food needs of the Vietnamese people during the course of the war.    I can go on. Ecuador, biggest banana producer in the world. Mexico, of course, myriad agricultural issues, had to do with NAFTA--the whole NAFTA question intersected. And how are subsistence farmers in Mexico going to fare in the wake of becoming more globalized as the Mexican economy has. And Iraq, of course, my last post abroad, we are talking about Mesopotamia, the land of two rivers, where, an ancient civilization, they were practically the inventors of agriculture as we know it. And by the time I got there, believe me, there was nothing in the way of agricultural production. And it was really a sad story, and I don't think it has gotten much better since. But maybe some day they will restore their irrigation system that they had, which wasn't bad, and grow the date palms back that Saddam Hussein had cut down, down in the marshland areas, and so on and so forth. So you cannot escape the importance of agriculture.    The other thing I would like to say as a general observation concerning America and its standing in the world, agriculture is a public good for us, I mean, and the way we have conducted our agriculture over the past century and a half. And it is a global public good as well. How many times have countries faced severe food shortages and crises where they relied on us to help breach that gap, whether it was Russia during certain very difficult times during the period of detente, and elsewhere around the world? We owe that, obviously, to our farmers, but we also owe it to farsighted policymakers, starting with Abraham Lincoln back in 1861 with the Homestead Act, and all that that has implied ever since. And thank goodness, we have kept up and nurtured the policies that were developed then.    I see I am already practically out of time. Let me just say with regard to my testimony, initially, I discussed some global trends, the globalized supply chain, which is becoming more important every day. I discussed how the issue of resource security, especially water, may become to us in the decades ahead what oil has represented in the past. And we don't have to look far beyond California to see that. But in the Middle East it is a serious problem. They say that Syria's drought over the past several years has been a really exacerbating factor to the population there, and of course, helps create fertile ground for recruitment for terrorist groups. If people are unemployed, subsistence farmers are out of a job, they have no water to grow crops, they are very vulnerable to these kind of predatory behaviors by people like ISIS.    On a positive side, the rising global middle-class, and that is going to--resulting in changes in consumption patterns, especially in the rich and middle-income countries. And that has its positive implications for United States agriculture in terms of demand for more value-added products. We saw that in Mexico in the wake of the NAFTA, and our exports of value-added and finished agricultural products is very good.    There is the trend of skepticism of science, especially biotechnology, that has been an issue, especially with genetically-modified crops. I think most of us here in America see that as a problem and an issue with the countries that have been resisting that, and it is going to be something we are going to have to deal with as we go on in the future.    There is the long-term trend of rising energy prices. It doesn't seem that way right at this moment with the low price of oil and the low price of natural gas, but the longer-term trend is going to continue to be high, and how agriculture copes with the rising input costs.    And then last, I would say there is the exclusion of too many people from the global economy; some 1.4 billion subsistence farmers around the world who cannot make ends meet, and who are becoming even increasingly marginalized by our increasingly globalized economy. I can think, again, back to Mexico, of those maize farmers, the corn farmers in Mexico who grew corn for subsistence. And obviously, once we got the NAFTA and we succeeded in getting the agricultural sector trade opened up between the two countries, with just a couple of exceptions, this was going to be a threat to the subsistence farmers in that country, and all the social ramifications of that issue; people coming from the countryside and into the cities. And as you know, in Mexico they don't necessarily stop when they get to Mexico City or Monterrey or Guadalajara, they just keep on coming up to the United States. So there are a lot of implications to the fact of subsistence farmers not being able to squeeze out a living.    Let me stop there, Mr. Chairman. I am sorry I ran over, but there is so much to talk about.    Mr. Negroponte. Right. I think your point about using it as a tool is right on the mark in the sense that these countries have to also try to take a chapter out of our book.    If there wasn't so much corruption in a lot of these countries, surely they would have used more of their resources. I am thinking of states that are failing and are not meeting the needs of their population, and where the subsistence farmers are leaving the countryside, leaving the country of Syria, for example. If they had had more stable institutions and invested some of that money in developing their agriculture, having an extension service, if you spend all your money, like Saddam did, on building palaces, there isn't much left for improving the irrigation system. Governance, after all, is a really critical issue in all of this. So absolutely, there is a lot to do in encouraging supply chain development, various kinds of techniques, and here we are very much a good example for the rest of the world, a strong agricultural education system. You can't just say that farming is for uneducated people, and carry around that sort of social prejudice in your mind. You have to help farmers become smart like everybody else, because that is the new world we are operating in.    Mr. Negroponte. Vulnerability in--I didn't catch the last part. Major vulnerability?    Mr. Negroponte. With respect to our agriculture here in the United States? Well, I suppose you could probably think of several. One, of course, would be if the lanes of communication breakdown somehow, the trade routes around the world. So that is an important national security aspect. If some of our allied countries experience serious agricultural failures, that could be prejudicial if it were one of the NATO countries or Japan or South Korea or Australia. So indirectly, we would be affected by that. And then, of course, we have been talking about the threat of disease if, particularly animal disease, were to come into the country.    We had some very successful programs in Mexico that go back half a century, like defeating the Screwworm disease in Texas and pushing it into Mexico, and ultimately, during the time I was there about 25 years ago, ultimately pushing the Screwworm entirely out of Mexico itself and down into the Central American Isthmus. That was an example of very successful international cooperation between us and other countries on defeating a very serious animal disease.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time----    Mr. Negroponte. Well, it has been a major challenge for our scientific community and for some of our advanced agro-scientific industrial companies, like Monsanto and others. We seem to run into that issue more in Europe than anywhere else, although the countries that are also under the influence of Europe and the influence of their assistance programs as well.    You have to keep pressing these issues in trade discussions. I think that there has to be more and more dialogue. Clearly, modern science and biotechnology has an important role to play in increasing agricultural production, and helping protect agricultural products and crops and plants from disease. I think it is a question of continued education and dialogue between the scientific communities of the countries concerned. And over time, I suspect, especially if, as we predict, the world population is going to go to nine billion people, and agricultural production globally by 2050 has to increase by 50 or 70 percent, people are going to finally have to accept that science is our friend in this enterprise.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte. Well, I am going to defer to Dr. Beckham on this, but I would say that the countries we can work with, generally speaking I would say, would be our allied countries, like in Europe and in Japan and Korea, Israel, where they have levels of education and training and experience that are similar in most ways to ours. There may be differences, but they are going to be of just degree only. So it is the advanced technological and scientific world with the powerful education systems that have to work together in support of trying to help build these capabilities elsewhere in the world. But I wouldn't be very optimistic in a country like Syria or Somalia that is confronting civil war that, let alone just get a family doctor or just a rudimentarily trained veterinarian is probably a huge challenge for them, but to get these sophisticated capabilities I would have thought might be quite difficult.    Mr. Negroponte. I am sorry.    Mr. Negroponte. Okay.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. McGovern.--and this is a program where we provide food to entice kids to go to school. And a young mother told me about her son who is 11 years old, who every day they tried to recruit him for the FARC guerillas or the paramilitaries to join one of the armed actors, and they promised the mother they would feed the kid.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte. Right. Well, of course, I am not particularly expert on that subject. I guess what I would say is just as a citizen, I am aware of the debate that goes on on these subjects and the tremendous amount of discussion that is happening around the subject of people's diets, and also the diets of people at different income levels. There seems to be a correlation between poor diet and obesity, and high incidents of diabetes and these kinds of things amongst lower-income groups, and that is something where there needs to be greater public awareness about so that it can be dealt with in our own society. We can also play a leadership role, our academic community, our research community can play a leadership role in influencing thinking on these subjects, both here and abroad.    But to your point about the international agriculture, I do think that having a strong agriculture in any given country is going to be a real factor of stability. It is what is going to root people in the countryside, it is going to keep them from depleting it and pouring into the cities, with all the problems that that brings in terms of creation of slums and so forth. And it is going to increase their sense of self-sufficiency and self-worth. I think that having a healthy agriculture can be a really vital part of the political and security strength of an individual country, and we can point to various examples around the world of that being true.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Gibbs.--because we have less land to get that food from, and so our production has increased. And that is why people need to realize that it is science that is a big part of that, and if we are going to go forward, we have to adopt the science, we have to have sound science, and we have to make sure it is safe science, no disagreement about that. I think that our conversation and our trade talks and everything we do, we really need to emphasize that the reason we have food security is because American agriculture production has been able to increase based on technology and best managed practices and all that. So I just wanted to reemphasize that point. And I don't know if you want to expand on that or not.    Mr. Negroponte. Well, just to say it is absolutely true, and also if you look at countries that are less well-off, very often the cost of the food basket is 20, 30, 40----    Mr. Negroponte. Right.    Mr. Negroponte. That is correct.    Mr. Negroponte. You want to----    Mr. Negroponte. Well, as far as the--identifying specific----    Mr. Negroponte. Well, we----    Ms. Plaskett.--and food contamination----    Mr. Negroponte. Right.    Ms. Plaskett.--or overseas and food that is imported here?    Mr. Negroponte. Well, they are obviously interrelated, but it seems to me that as government--I am no longer a government official, but as somebody working on behalf of the United States, I would put priority on defending our own very precious agricultural system against these threats. So it emphasizes the importance of having constant surveillance and monitoring and tracking, and maintaining those capabilities. We were talking about earlier, there is a whole generation of people who are retiring now and it is important that those professionals and those experts be replenished in the supply of people working in our government who can help us defend against these threats.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Ms. Plaskett.--having a water supply that not only irrigates but also is drinkable water, and water that can sustain people over a protracted period of time----    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Ms. Plaskett.--is something that we think about quite often.    Mr. Negroponte. Right, and it is a serious problem, especially acute in the Middle East and in some parts of our own country, but the Middle East is the area where you are seeing its greatest manifestations. And hopefully, we will learn the necessary lessons from that.    Dr. Beckham did you want to add something on the----    Mr. Negroponte. Okay. All right.    The Chairman. The gentlelady's time has expired.    Mr. Crawford, 5 minutes.    Mr. Negroponte. Boy, well, we live in a society where Google publishes pictures of my front yard and the people who walk past it, so I don't know. You come up against this problem of freedom of information in this country, including what is being obtained through aerial reconnaissance of various sorts. I would have to look at the specifics before I were to give you a really strong opinion on that.    Mr. Negroponte. Well, in many, probably most cases, as imported food supplies become available in various countries, they come in at lower prices than the local subsistence farmers can produce at. I gave the example of Mexico. The maize corn farmers there simply couldn't compete with imported American corn, so that ultimately had the effect of dislocating a lot of those farmers. Now, they could go into other products but that was what I meant.    Mr. Negroponte. Right.    Mr. Negroponte. No. No, I see your point. I meant subsistence in the sense of very small, low-level production that was lots of, literally thousands of these kinds of farmers who are growing their own food, but they are also supplying some people in their environments, but a lot of them have gone out of business as a result----    Mr. Negroponte. I have been out of the government long enough to not know what mechanisms actually exist at the moment, but it is certainly a subject that people think about, but I am not sure there is an actual mechanism that exists to do that.    Mr. Negroponte. Well----    Mr. Negroponte. Well, I can't think of anything other than working as we do as a matter of national policy to try to keep the world a secure place. I mean that is going to be the best way we do it. We are blessed by having a rich agriculture and we are also blessed by having strong agricultural producers nearby, such as Canada. Compared to countries that import a substantial portion of their food needs, we are in quite a privileged position.    Mr. Negroponte. So I will defer to Dr. Beckham on most of this, but one is science, technology, biotechnology, for sure if you are going to have to produce 70 percent more food in the world, but----    Mr. Negroponte. Well, ultimately, the truth is going to win out and so will their farmers and their own intellectual capabilities, they are going to see the benefits that this activity brings. The other issue we need to mention is waste. I mean how much, because of bad infrastructure----    Mr. Negroponte. Well, first of all, what you mentioned about your experience in Israel I think has to do a little bit with this whole culture of waste not, want not. I mean they value every scrap of material resources they have, and they do their best to conserve them. So part of it has to do with an attitude. There are some other areas of the world where governments and societies are not well enough organized to cope with the water problems they have. Like we were talking about, the situation of drought in Syria that happened to coincide--I am not saying it caused the civil war, but it happens to coincide with a period of real civil strife. So they have really got a very difficult situation.    I worry also about water contamination. I used to look at the Tigris and Euphrates River when I was serving in Iraq, and I was wondering what the heck was going into that river from the source countries all further to the north, and then all the way down along the way. So there is the problem of water contamination which is also a serious issue.    Ultimately, the market is going to help us resolve these issues because there is going to be a time when water is just going to be more costly for us and for our society to protect and preserve, and as that happens, we are going to take a more careful and judicious attitude towards the management of water. But we are going to probably do it--on the way, we will probably pay a few expensive lessons to get to that point.    Mr. Negroponte. Well, just generally speaking, I think for Congrees to do whatever it can to ensure that energy prices in this country and in the world are governed by market conditions. I think wherever there are restrictions to trade and energy, I think that that can have an inhibiting effect on the market. I am thinking particularly of allowing energy exports from the United States, which would be a good thing rather than a bad one, and it could have a salutary effect on the global market.    Mr. Negroponte. Well, I said right at the beginning of my statement that the establishment of the Homestead Act in 1861 was revolutionary legislation, to which we can attribute a significant measure of the success of our agricultural system. So I think that needs to be continued. And it is also a good role model for other countries in the world seeking to establish robust agricultures of their own. In both senses it is very important.    And then last, we need to keep up these capabilities. Whether it is for biosurveillance or for all the other things that are necessary in the field of agriculture, we need to maintain a strong agricultural agro-scientific capability here in the United States.    Mr. Negroponte. As far as--I didn't catch the last--the very last part?    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Allen.--as a body----    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Allen.--to extend the friendship of agricultural----    Mr. Negroponte. Right.    Mr. Allen.--development and that sort of thing to----    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Allen.--those countries that we do have a relationship with?    Mr. Negroponte. Yes. Well, I mean first of all, I agree with you that it is something that is very positive. I think these scholarships and these grants that you give to people that the Agriculture Department and USAID gives for people to come here is a very positive thing. So you need to keep your eye on the funding for those programs so that it doesn't atrophy or disappear.    I think the other thing, I was mentioning this earlier, I am not sure you were in the room at the time about maintaining the presence of our own people, Agriculture Department and others, abroad so that they can be ambassadors for U.S. agriculture abroad, and they can make very good friends. They can also help identify people, upcoming talent that may be good candidates for scholarship activity of some kind or another here in the United States. But I couldn't agree with you more that, in terms of relationship-building, agriculture, given its tremendous standing here in the United States and its high quality, is an excellent diplomatic tool.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes. Well, you have mentioned a particularly sensitive example, right, the cotton, and it has been an issue particularly with Brazil for, what, I guess, several decades, if I am not mistaken. And so we have some of these sensitive agriculture products of our own as well, I mean other ones. But for the great majority of these products, we have tried to develop free trade relationships with countries, and ultimately that is probably the best way to go, and to the benefit of agricultural competitiveness and the quality of agricultural production.    Mr. Negroponte. Yes.    Mr. Negroponte. Right.    The Chairman. Could you expand on that a little bit?    Mr. Negroponte. Well, again, I think that perhaps the marketplace is going to also deal with that issue over time. Because it is kind of hard to sort of allocate and get into some sort of a command economy type of situation where you say you are going to allow product X to be used for one purpose but not for another. But I suspect that is going to sort itself out over time, especially with the development of all sorts of other alternative energy possibilities, going forward.    The Chairman. Well, thank you.    Dr. Beckham, we have spent a lot of time talking about Foot and Mouth Disease and the impact it would have. I am genuinely concerned with the feral hog population that is exploding in some places. If it were to get introduced by accident or on purpose into that population, I understand if you can control it in a particular herd, but what if it got into the feral hog population, what happens to us then?    Mr. Negroponte. Well, I mean it is absolutely critical. You don't want to have eruption of crises with respect to the safety of our food. And probably the best way to deal with it is to continue to have the kind of surveillance and other monitoring types of capabilities that we do have, and we have to constantly be on our guard.    The Chairman. Dr. Beckham?