    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    The Latin word for city is civitas. Civitas it also is also the root word for civilization, and there is good reason for that. Cities are where civilization happens. It is in cities that we have vibrant hubs of commerce, finance, and trade. It is in cities where people from different backgrounds, people from different regions of a country, immigrants from all over the world meet to do business and get to know each other. It is in cities where media, entertainment, creativity, and artistic expression meld to form both popular culture and high culture.    In our own country, city are where the supreme expressions of American ideals and optimism happen, the melting pot, John Winthrop's shining city upon a hill, which Ronald Reagan used on occasion.    Yet American cities have not fared well since the Second World War. For decades they suffered from White flight, where White residents fled as racial integration threatened exclusively White neighborhoods. Over time, White flight became wealth flight, as people of all backgrounds and races with the means to leave the city did so, leaving cities with financially poor populations, rising crime, and shrinking tax basis, which led to further flight by those who had the financial means to leave, which led to further disinvestment.    As a result of decades of this vicious cycle, our cities are hurting. Given the central role of cities as the engines of commerce and fonts of culture and ideas, it is important that we bring cities back, and the use of eminent domain for economic redevelopment is one potentially important tool for doing so.    While I do not necessary endorse or oppose eminent domain as the best means for revitalizing the cities, I also think it is appropriate for the Supreme Court in Kelo v. City of New London to leave it to States and localities to make that call for themselves. This is because States and local governments are in the best position to understand local conditions and local needs. This is also why in a vast continental-size country like ours we have a Federal system that leaves many policy judgments up to State and local governments.    In criticizing the Kelo decision many people have inappropriately and unhelpfully blurred the distinction between two different questions: Whether using eminent domain for economic development is a good idea or a bad idea on the one hand and whether courts or an elected legislature at the Federal, State, or local level should make the decision as to the first question on the other.    Relying on decades of precedent, Kelo appropriately held that a city could use eminent domain for the public purpose of economic redevelopment. I am sensitive to the fact that eminent domain can be abused. For instance, historically it had been used to target minority communities. So happens minority communities are often those in the cities where the development would be taking place.    But eminent domain for economic development can help some of the very same marginalized communities as urban ills fall disproportionately on those communities. And in Kelo itself, the Court made clear that there are constitutional limits to the use of eminent domain. But eminent domain is a longstanding governmental power, and the Court appropriately reviews exercise of such power deferentially.    Finally, those that would deny the use of eminent domain for economic redevelopment have an obligation to support funding for measures that will help revitalize our cities. We need increased investment in mass transit, including new light rail and bus rapid transit system, and we need those improvements now. We need improvements to existing transportation infrastructure like bridges, tunnels, and roads, and we need them now.    We need stronger enforcement of fair housing laws to ensure equal housing opportunity for urban residents, and we need that now. We need more funding for our public schools so that children can get a good education without forcing families out of the cities, good public education now. To help cities improve their economies and to restore their central role in American life we must do all we can to ensure that revitalization.    And I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mr. Alban, your group is Institute for Justice, that's who you work with. Is that correct?    Mr. Cohen. Does the Institute for Justice generally favor local governments, State governments, or Federal overreach and control?    Mr. Cohen. I know that. That's not the question I asked. And you're a very smart man, you can respond to a question.    Does the Institute for Justice have a preference for local and State decisionmaking, grassroots, or Federal, Washington, one-size-fits-all programs?    Mr. Cohen. And why do you think in this case that the Federal Government should act and not local governments when it deals with local property rights?    Mr. Cohen. Well, I would disagree with your analysis of that, because I think really what you're saying is it would be one Federal policy with Federal tax dollars and it's the Federal Government determining through the tax dollar measurement whether or not they can do it or not. But I would disagree.    Mr. Groen, you work with Pacific Legal Foundation. What are the principal sources of the Pacific Legal Foundation?    Mr. Cohen. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cohen. And who are your largest three individuals, financially, not by weight?    Mr. Cohen. You have no idea?    Mr. Cohen. Koch brothers? Koch brothers?    Mr. Cohen. You have no idea.    And how about the same thought, do you think local government is the better place to make these decisions or Federal?    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Seasholes, the Reason Foundation is easier to determine. We know David Koch is a member of your board, is that not right?    Mr. Cohen. And the Koch family foundations provide much of your funding, do they not?    Mr. Cohen. Well, it's interesting how agnostic folks are about who funds their salary.    Mr. Cohen. Well, that's kind of the same thing, is not knowing, not caring. I don't mean agnostic as distinguished from religious.    Mr. Cohen. Okay. Well, I would care.    Mr. Echeverria, tell us what your responses would be to the testimony of these gentlemen concerning the Kelo decision.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, sir. I appreciate it.