    Mr. Perkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss issues raised in the inspector general's audit entitled ``The Handling of Sexual Harassment and Misconduct Allegations by the Department's Law Enforcement Components.''    The FBI's policy on sexual harassment and sexual misconduct is very simple: The FBI does not tolerate sexual harassment or sexual misconduct within the ranks. The FBI has a robust disciplinary process guided by well-established policies, procedures, and practices. It consists of trained special agents in the Inspection Division's Internal Investigations Section, who conduct thorough investigations of employee misconduct. When the investigation is completed, a team of experienced lawyers in the FBI's Office of Professional Responsibility take over, reviewing the investigative materials and determining whether applicable policies, rules, regulations, laws, or other legal standards were violated and, if so, what penalty should be imposed on employees in question, up to and including dismissal.    In addition, the Office of the Inspector General reviews all allegations of misconduct at the FBI prior to any investigation being initiated and all final adjudications of misconduct at the FBI are reported on a regular basis to the     We are pleased that the Office of the Inspector General found relatively few reported allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct in the Department's law enforcement components for fiscal years 2009 through 2012. In fact, the OIG found that the FBI had the lowest rate of this type of misconduct across the components. While we strive to have no cases of sexual harassment or misconduct, we have and we will continue to implement measures to better address these types of allegations.    We are also pleased that the OIG's audit recognizes the FBI's coordination between our internal investigations section and our security divisions as a best practice to ensure that misconduct allegations are evaluated for potential security concerns, including continued eligibility to hold a security clearance.    Notwithstanding these findings, there are improvements to be made. We must always look to improve and evolve as an organization, and we appreciate the OIG's recommendations for making our process better.    As a result, the FBI concurs with the recommendations in the OIG's report. The FBI takes very seriously our obligation to enable Congress and the OIG to conduct effective oversight of all of our activities. We work closely with the OIG staff to ensure that we are responsive to their requests and that issues are identified and promptly resolved.    You may also be aware that we have a good-faith disagreement with the OIG regarding what law requires with respect to providing FBI documents that have been obtained pursuant to provisions of law such as the Wire Tap Act, the Bank Secrecy Act, and those related to grand jury proceedings. We have been completely transparent with the OIG and the leadership of the Department of Justice with respect to our legal disagreement and are presently awaiting the Office of Legal Counsel to render an opinion as to the correct reading of the law.    In the interim, we are giving the OIG an assumption of access to these--in these audits with respect to title III, rule 6(e), and FCRA materials. Senior leadership has also directed that our internal business process consulting group rigorously evaluate our processes to ensure that we are as effective and efficient as possible in providing the inspector general with requested documents in a timely fashion consistent with the law.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings and members of the committee, I thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today concerning these--our commitment to ensuring allegations of sexual harassment and misconduct are addressed in a prompt, thorough, and equitable manner. We take our responsibilities on this topic very seriously and appreciate your interest in these matters.    Now I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Perkins. No, sir. We make it very clear to our employees both here domestically and overseas that's not going to be----    Mr. Perkins. Congressman, I can't speak for the other agencies. But for the FBI, we are exempt from Title V and civil service rules, regulations, and statutes. Director Comey can and has summarily fired individuals. We do have a highly structured disciplinary process within the Bureau that will, as you go through the process, it raises it up to the appropriate levels for the appropriate level of punishment. There are occasions when the conduct is so egregious that the Director can intercede and summarily dismiss somebody and has.    Mr. Perkins. Yes, Congressman, it actually covers a universe of issues from the personal security of the individuals going overseas to the standards of conduct that we would expect them to exhibit while they're overseas. A good bit of this began actually under former director Louis Freeh as we began to expand our overseas presence. With the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we had a significant presence overseas at that time which required yet again additional training added to that. As our overseas presence remains high, we see great benefit in maintaining that type of predeployment training for these individuals.    Mr. Perkins. Mr. Chairman, we are adhering to the law. I take exception with the inspector general's comments along those lines.    Let me tell you, sir, there are--in his latest letter, dated yesterday, his 218 letter as we refer to them, were five investigations noted. The records, they are--that they wish to receive; they're being delayed--involve email. We have turned over 35,000 emails to them. There are 200 emails in question out of 35,000 that we are working with them to go through. We believe in the rule of law. We have a legal disagreement with the Inspector General.    Mr. Perkins. I concur with the inspector general. We--we will follow the OLC opinion to the letter.    Mr. Perkins. I can't speak for the other agencies, Mr. Chairman. What I can speak for is matters involving rule 6(e), matters involving the Financial Privacy Act and other matters that we believe--we strongly believe we have a legal responsibility to review and provide them to the inspector general.    Mr. Perkins. Any number of series of items. As I mentioned, for instance, rule 6(e) material, there are certain aspects from----    Mr. Perkins. I'm sorry.    Mr. Perkins. --6(e) of the Rules of Criminal Procedure, the secrecy rules involving grand jury information.    Mr. Perkins. Once--once matters had been reviewed, once matters are----    Mr. Perkins. I can't speak to that, sir.    Mr. Perkins. Yes, sir. We can--we provide the information once there has been a legal review that says--that we determine legally that we are on solid ground to provide the information.    Mr. Perkins. Mr. Chairman, let me clarify. There's an apples-and-oranges issue here. With regard to this particular report that we're here today for, there are process issues within the FBI that the Deputy Director has made changes that the inspector general is aware of and those changes in our business process will eliminate these types of holdups----    Mr. Perkins. For these types of records. Not having to do with the other issues that he brings up in 218. We are waiting--as the inspector general said, if OLC would render their opinion, we will march forward and abide by it 100 percent.    Mr. Perkins. Thank you, sir.