    Mr. Shuster. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank our witnesses being here today. With the panel we have Messrs. Hoyer, Connolly, and Delaney, and then three members of the committee, Mrs. Comstock, Ms. Norton, and Ms. Edwards, we have got the entire House delegation that represents the area, which--we can tell it is an important issue to them, but it is really an important issue to all of us.    Millions of people come to Washington, DC, every year, from around--our fellow citizens to people from around the world. And this transit system really ought to be the crown jewel of the transit systems around the country. And in fact, they get more money per capita than any other system in the country, but they also spend more money than any other system in the country. And we have got to bring those things into alignment. But this needs to be a system that is safe, safety has to be paramount.    And for over 50 years, as mentioned, the Metro system has benefitted by Federal support. So this is really important to the entire Nation, that we get this right. In addition to the monies that the Federal Government gives to the Metro system, also 40 percent of the Metro's rush-hour riders are provided--Federal employees are provided a subsidy to ride that system.    So, again, the safety of the people that we work with every day and depend on to help us operate the Government depend on this system being a safe and reliable system. But despite all that Federal investment, the safety and reliability record has deteriorated. And it is because, I believe, and from what I have talked to other folks, it has not switched its responsibility from building a system to operating and maintaining a system.    What it takes, I believe, is a cultural change at Metro, and I am pleased that the new CEO, I think, is doing just that. What--the Federal Transit Administration has temporarily taken over that authority, and Administrator Flowers is here today to talk about that. That oversight needed to be done because Metro hasn't been able to do it appropriately.    Secretary Foxx has given 1 year to the WMATA, to Virginia, Maryland, and DC to step up to the plate and do what is necessary on this, on the oversight.    And last year, Congress, we passed the FAST Act. And in that we strengthened FTA's safety oversight authority and provides the DC region with 5 years of increased funding. Again, more Federal dollars that the citizens of America are contributing to this system. As I said, this should be the crown jewel of the system and it is not, and we deserve to have that.    Again, the new CEO, Paul Wiedefeld, is here today. And his record as a manager of--making things run in the proper way, he has got the right resume for it, and I think his strong statements in just his first year really has woken folks up to the need for strong management, for a cultural change at this transit system.    So again, I welcome our--my colleagues here today, look forward to hearing from them and also from Mr. Wiedefeld and Ms. Flowers on this issue.    Mr. Shuster. So thank you very much, and yield back.    Mr. Graves of Missouri. I now turn to Ranking Member DeFazio.    Mr. Shuster. Thank you very much. First I want to say that I appreciate the witnesses being here today to testify before this subcommittee. It's a really important issue. I also want to say I think Congressman Delaney's testimony was spot on. I think that one of the things he said is absolutely paramount in all this. That is when, if you want to attract the dollars to a corporation, an organization of any kind, you have to first demonstrate that you deploy those dollars efficiently to get things done.    And I think that's something that before this committee and this Congress says we're going to give more money to Metro, we've got to see it demonstrated. And I don't think it's been done over the last several years or couple decades, that they have deployed those dollars in the most efficient way. And I think that requires a cultural change at the agency. Which I think that the new CEO, Mr. Wiedefeld, has really set the standard for, he said some tough things. And he needs to do it. He needs to take some tough actions.    My question is to, to managing the employees. And I think if you're going to shake up a culture at an organization--and I spent 20 years of my life in business and had the unfortunate circumstances to have to terminate people. And I, when I thought about this question it brought me back to the first, one of the first hearings I had in this room 15 years ago with the EPA Associate Administrator for HR . The previous Congress passed a law that said the Federal employees must follow the guidelines Congress sets in legislation.    So my question to the EPA Administrator was, ``How many people in the last year''--that was 17,000 at the time, I believe. It was ``How many people did you fire?'' It took them a couple whispers back and forth to tell me that they fired one person. Now, terminating and firing people is unpleasant. Like I said, I've spent my life--but there are times when that, you have to. People that don't do the job. They're doing stuff that's unsafe, they're negligent, they're illegal. You need to terminate them.    And so I, my question to Mr. Wiedefeld, do you have the tools necessary? And I know you're coming up to a contract negotiation soon. Do you have the tools necessary to, if you have a mechanic--again, I was in the automobile business--if a mechanic was negligent or illegal or unsafe, you try to work with him, but eventually, sometimes unfortunately you have to terminate him. Do you have those tools available to you that you're able to say to people that aren't doing the job, ``We've got to let you go''? Or are they locked in and protected, like so many of these Government agencies are, that you just can't do anything about it? And like the example, the EPA is perfect. Seventeen thousand people. They terminated one person. It's just, that's, that doesn't make sense.    Mr. Shuster. Well, thank you. And once again, I appreciate hearing that from you. Again, we've got to make sure that safety is paramount. The riders, people that ride this, whether they're from the area, whether they're from other parts of the United States, around the world, they deserve to have a safe system. And if there's somebody that's working for the Metro that isn't, then we need to make sure that safety is paramount, and we can't tolerate people that aren't doing their job. So again, I appreciate it and again wish you well and so far I've been very impressed with your management style so far. And so thank you for being here today.