    Ms. Norton. Thank you very much, Mr. Barletta. I am glad to see you back in the chair.    Mr. Fugate, the Nation's Capital barely escaped Sandy. We were very grateful, just like we escaped the snowfall this time. All the scientists tell us that we are headed for major disasters. They tell us that there is no longer debate about whether there is climate change but only about how to manage climate change. And so I am interested in issues, and I will be talking to the next panel about predisaster mitigation. The Member was asking about Florida. I noticed that they are building right in the ocean virtually but trying to do some predisaster mitigation as they do.    FEMA has been helpful here in what we have been trying to do with the so-called 17th Street levee on the Mall. Without that levee, the Washington Monument and indeed the entire monumental core would be exposed to horrific flooding. Rebuilding downtown Washington and the monumental core, and those steps would have been taken. I certainly hope, since steps have been taken--and that levee was done before the final word was in on climate change--I would be interested in your view as to whether or not you think that levee could forestall a seriously Sandy-like storm.    But I am also, because it has taken so long, interested in the drawing of the flood maps. As I understand, and this is what gives Government a bad name, the work of the Army Corps of Engineers for certification is done separately from FEMA or from other agencies. Why can't that work be done concurrently so that they look to see that the levee is constructed properly and they go get on with the next step, rather than in some sequential fashion which assures it will be delayed?    Ms. Norton. I really appreciate what you are saying. The monumental core is irreplaceable. I wonder if, and I would ask you to look into this, whether or not one could--and realize this would mean further delay--whether you could look into the 17th Street levee and see whether it should be altered now, right in the beginning to make sure that it meets the standard you have just indicated may be necessary.    Could I ask one more question in light of a recent tragedy that occurred here, and that was the WMATA tragedy where we lost a human life and more than 80 people went to the hospital. It was, sadly, reported, at least initially it looks like coordination in terms of communication underground and aboveground was lacking. Now, this is, what is it, 13 years after 9/11, and, of course, FEMA is there for natural as well as terrorist disasters.    Has FEMA considered this apparent failure what it could mean not only in a real natural disaster but, heaven forbid, in a terrorist disaster? Are you involved in this disaster and helping WMATA and the various agencies, city and Federal, involved to right this situation so that we are sure, particularly underground, there is the kind of communication that could enable rescue to occur?    Ms. Norton. Thank you. Is the Office of National Capital Region Coordination currently involved with this investigation and with this work?    Ms. Norton. Thank you.    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I have just one question. I would like to take advantage of the long experience that Mr. Fugate has had in disaster mitigation and ask for his candid views.    And here I am not asking you about funding. That is not something you control. I want to contrast the difference between the way Congress behaved after the terrorist attack and the way it behaved after Katrina and Sandy.    After the terrorist attack, it scared the dickens out of the country, and I must say that it scared us so badly that after the fact we actually threw money at every jurisdiction. There isn't a State that didn't get funds to prepare for the next disaster attack, including States that Al Qaeda never heard of, never would venture to care about. But every State got some funds. I was on Homeland Security at the time and saw it happen.    Again, I am not asking you about funding. I recognize and appreciate that predisaster funding, we have over and again found by this subcommittee and committee, saves us enormously, $4 savings from $1 invested. As we look at Katrina and Sandy, I recall that in order to get funds for Sandy even after New York and New Jersey were laid low, it took two votes to get funding for you to begin to do your work after Sandy.    Now, what I really want to know is, as an agency which has looked at disasters now, terrorist and natural disasters, for decades, whether or not the agency needs revisions, whether in law or structure. I mean, can you sit there in the face of Katrina and Sandy and not envision, when you see hurricanes occurring where they are not supposed to occur, when you see climate not only changes, but disasters in parts of the country that have never known them, is the FEMA of today, structured decades ago, the FEMA that can handle the unknown that we now see before us?    And here I am looking for how the agency, whether it needs to ask for revisions in law or in its own structure, rather than what you encountered after Sandy. And after Sandy, the finger was pointed right at you. It didn't matter whether we gave money or how you were structured, you just had to take it.    Instead of just taking it, it does seem to me that the agency with the expertise should come before this panel and tell us whether you are prepared for a disaster, for an earthquake to occur in California of the kind it has never seen before, or shall we just sit here and think that it will never happen and just wait for it to come after us?    Is the FEMA of the 21st century prepared for what we know now, from our own experience with Katrina and Sandy, is surely to come in parts of the country where we never expected? And if so, if you think it is prepared, you should tell us. If it is not fully prepared, I should ask you then, is the agency looking at how it could make recommendations for what appears to be an entirely new era in both terrorist disasters and, for that matter, now we know natural disasters? Are you looking at the future?    Ms. Norton. Precisely you don't know what is going to happen. I want to make clear, you know that they have hurricanes in Florida, you know that they have earthquakes in California. I bet you didn't know that we would have an earthquake here in the Nation's Capital. So I am talking about what you don't know and what you will be held responsible for notwithstanding the fact that you don't know. Is your agency structured so it can handle what you don't know?    Ms. Norton. I would just ask that at an appropriate time it would be interesting to have a briefing as to how they are looking at the unknown that we now know to expect but don't know what it is that could bring calamity to us, as Congress would be asked to do what it doesn't have the funds to do and never expected would happen. If they could pinpoint how they go about that, I think it would certainly educate me and I think it would help the subcommittee and the full committee.    Ms. Norton. I have just one question for Mr. McCarthy.    We were given an almost impossible task to talk about reducing impacts. Essentially what you were asked to testify was about reducing impacts and reducing costs, and you have gone through the various options. You say in the conclusion of your testimony, you mention in the conclusion of your testimony something I am particularly interested in, ``Fewer disaster declarations would likely result in less spending. But avoiding or continuing to mitigate or lessen the impact of future catastrophic disaster events may arguably hold the most promise in reducing disaster expenditures.''    Now, you said that in 2014, you say on page 2 there were fewer disasters, but of course we understand trends by looking over a period of years, and you cite over 25 years, when there has been an acceleration.    Mr. Paulison offered us a graph which was helpful, which showed that this is reflected through Democratic and Republican administrations. There probably was a reason for the greatest rise between Presidents Reagan and George H.W. Bush, probably had to do with some hurricane, even less than the rise between Katrina and Sandy.    I also note, especially in light of Mr. Fennessy's testimony, that you say, Mr. McCarthy, that fire management assistance grants often obviate the need for a major disaster declaration because they provide funding that helps States to control wild fires. So that is something practical we could do. It would mean that the funds would go one place rather than another, but it would probably be less than what happens when you have one of those huge fires, for example, in California.    When you get to defining declarations, I say good luck. That is basically Presidential, it is the Governor coming to the President. And I think Congress might be able to pass something that tries to reduce it, but I don't think I would advise it.    Then there is a question I asked to Mr. Fugate about changes in the Stafford Act or other ways to look at how we ran disaster relief before and now in what looks like a new era. You indicate that there were a number of sections we could repeal. You did what you were asked to do. For example, you said that there was a suggestion that would have applied--and here I am quoting from you--``a strict formula to the declarations process and also would have reduced the Federal share for disaster assistance from 75 percent to 50 percent.'' Then you quickly add, ``Through section 320, Congress insisted that a formula not be the sole determinant on declarations.'' And I submit that as long as this is a union of States, that probably is going to be handled on a case-by-case basis.    The only real hope I see is in an area where you cite some confusion, but also some hope. You quote extensively from the chairman, who talked about real confusion between various programs for mitigating disaster, and you call them mixed messages. One mixed message or one that would have caused some uncertainty is one from the administration, that introduced what you call a nationwide resilience competition with resources of just over a billion dollars through the Department of Housing and Urban Development. You said it would boost future disaster mitigation savings but it wasn't clear that this program linked to other programs. You said it didn't have the same cost-benefit requirements as the FEMA mitigation programs, for example.    Well, my question for you is, if what the administration was doing was saying you have to compete for these funds in a competition, wouldn't the competition build in those various notions that we now use on a basis of whichever program you apply for and get some kind of regularized notion of forcing efficiency, moving to real mitigation, and giving funds based on that competition to who could do mitigation, who needs to do mitigation most, because you would have to compete for funds? Why doesn't the very fact of a competition build in the very factors that today are resulting in confusion among the various programs that are now used to reduce mitigation?    Ms. Norton. Yeah, what I would suggest if you follow the money, if the largest amount of money was given for competition, imagine, I bet one of the factors in competition would be, I think it was Mr. Paulison who testified about the common notion of building codes. Well, if you apply for mitigation funds and you are sitting there with no building code, I wonder if you could win that competition as against another jurisdiction who might have an equally good application but also had taken some self-help initiative on its own to have building codes throughout the State.    That is the kind of thing I think that would bring together what now are what you call mixed messages. I agree, because you have several different programs trying to do the same thing, and I might add all each with a little bit of money.    So thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.