    Ms. Sims. Good morning, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member, and distinguished Members of the Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today and discuss the role of energy service companies in rural America. Please forgive my nervousness. I am just a small-town girl, and I am not used to this. So I will do my best.    Again, my name is Angie Sims. I currently serve as the President and CEO of Buster's Well Service. It is a company that my grandfather started in 1963. I am the third generation running that company.    At this time, we have a total of 19 employees. When I started in 1999, we had a total of 60 employees, and we were running 12 service rigs--pulling units--at the time, and have since declined due to the fall of the oil prices and just getting the business smaller and more attainable.    I am also testifying today on behalf of the Association of Energy Service Companies. The AESC was first established in 1956 in Odessa, Texas. The organization originally focused on well-servicing industries, but has grown to encompass the total energy industry, including upstream oil and gas services, such as wireline, coiled tubing, hot oilers, roustabout services, snubbing, swabbing, fracking, pressure pumping, and oil field trucking.    The vast majority of our 700+ member companies are small businesses and located in, and operating in, rural communities. My hometown of Kermit, Texas, is the county seat of Winkler County, Texas. The city was founded in 1910 and named after Kermit Roosevelt whose father, Teddy Roosevelt, had visited the area shortly before a hunting trip. Oil was discovered near Kermit in 1926 in the Hendrick oil field, and the city and its economy has been closely linked to oil production ever since. The Hendrick field is still producing to this day.    Like other businesses operating in rural America, our greatest strength is our people. They are hard-working and very loyal. Small businesses in rural areas must adhere to strict financial discipline, or as we call it, simple household economics. You don't spend more than you have, and you take care of what you have.    Similar to the agriculture and ranching operations, whose economics are often tied to commodity prices that we cannot control, oil field services go through boom and bust cycles, but it is our people and our commitment to each other and our communities that allows us to make it through the hard times and make responsible decisions in better times.    We are currently going through some difficult times. According to the monthly report by InghamEcon, LLC, the Texas Permian Basin Petroleum Index dropped to its lowest level since June of 2010. The rig counts are down by 50 percent--those are drilling rigs--compared to its year-ago level. The most recent weekly rig count showed the numbers have dropped again to 130, a decrease of 72 percent.    Despite the fact that we are currently suffering through this downturn due to low oil prices, the oil field services industries continue to provide good-paying jobs throughout rural America, and we are poised to grow again when production ramps back up.    In Texas, we have been through this before, and we are, undoubtedly, going to go through it again. But I want to give you some of the stats just to show the importance the industry has in my community and some of the investments we have been able to make as a result of the energy development in the oil field service industries.    Today, Kermit has close to 6,000 residents, and our county population sits around 8,000. While many different businesses operate in our area, the oil and gas industry is the mainstay of our income. There are 849 producing wells, producing leases, 117 producing operators, and 12,588 drilled wells in the county alone.    According to the County Tax Assessor and Collector for Winkler County, mineral values and property values have increased by well over $1 million from 2010 to 2014. The City of Kermit also saw huge increases in building permits, electrical permits, and plumbing permits. The local sales and use tax rose 110 percent between 2010 and 2014. Both of our school districts have enjoyed taxpayers agreeing to build new schools, and enrollment in both of those schools have gone up in the last years.    I am short on time. Thank you for your time, and I look forward to answering any questions.    Ms. Sims. That is correct.    The Chairman. All right. You have to use the microphone.    Would you walk us through what went on at the hospital when the prices were running up, property values went up, your tax revenues up, and now what is happening to you when those are tailing off? Can you walk us through the hospital's experience with this?    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. In 2006, Winkler County Memorial Hospital, we built a 19 bed, state-of-the-art facility. It is, of course, county-funded. We do receive funds from the county from the oil and gas revenue. Things have been good. We have had great providers in there. We have a beautiful hospital. In 2015, we also finished our new clinic that is capable of holding five providers. The unfortunate thing about it is the drop in oil prices means less help from the county. Hospitals are not moneymakers, by no means. We are kind of dependent upon Medicare, Medicaid reimbursement, insurance reimbursements, things like that. So the hospital has been a great addition to the community as far as employees.    Again, without that, the county support is going to be more and more difficult to----    The Chairman. You and I know where Kermit, Texas, is, but I am not sure anybody else could find it quickly. How far to the nearest major trauma one hospital?    Ms. Sims. That would be in Odessa, Texas, 45 to 50 miles.    The Chairman. Okay. And so to the folks in the county, this hospital, obviously, this hospital is a big deal in terms of entry into the healthcare system as well as all the services that you guys provide there?    Ms. Sims. That is correct.    The Chairman. The revenue comes from property taxes, which are based on the value of the oil and gas still in the ground?    Ms. Sims. Correct.    The Chairman. And that is based on price moving up and down. Thank you.    Mr. Causer, you mentioned pipeline development and the impact that has. Can you walk us through the issues or what problems you see with it? Also, if you have been around the oil and gas business long enough to see changes in the way the industry itself responds to environmental issues and the way they try to go about protecting the land and turning it back over to the landowner once their operations are through?    Ms. Sims. Actually, in west Texas, boom-and-bust cycles are something that we are accustomed to. The oil and gas industry in our area is the mainstay. So we are prepared for when it is big and when it is small.    Infrastructure has been picking up. We have built more hotels in the region, in the area. There are increased jobs. The folks that may not be working in the oil field right now are now working at the restaurants that were built during the time of the boom.    We do see a downturn as far as tax implications or tax revenues, but as far as becoming a ghost town again, not necessarily the Kermit area or that area around there where this is something that we are accustomed to.    Ms. Sims. Yes, the permanent school fund, at the end of Fiscal Year 2014, had a total of $36.3 billion total assets. At the end of 2013, it was at $14.9 billion, so you can definitely see the rise from the oil prices.    How is it important? How does it work? I am not sure how it works. Texas has a very unique situation where many, many years ago, hundreds of years ago, folks set aside certain lands for the development of oil and gas and the revenues to go to the education systems.    And I apologize, I forgot your question.    Ms. Sims. I apologize.    Ms. Sims. That is correct.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. There are many facets of well servicing. There are several different types of companies and services that go out to a well site. What Buster's Well Service does, we provide a work-over rig or a pulling unit. Our equipment is utilized to access anything down hole. Once the well has been drilled and is completed and producing, our rig goes out to location, goes over the well head. We pull the tubular goods out, replace tubing, replace pipe, replace pumps down hole, or if a well needs to be re-entered or drilled through a bridge plug, the pulling unit is there for that.    There have been new innovations as far as efficiency on a pulling unit, there has been more automation to the well servicing rig. Again, we run safer; we run cleaner.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. Is it pretty much the same process of pulling a water pump from a well?    Ms. Sims. Thank you for bringing that up. I was going to suggest that.    But, yes, sir, it is bit more extensive and a little bit more dangerous, but yes, it is a same process if you think of it that way.    Mr. Austin Scott of Georgia. All right. Thank you. Thank you for being here.    Mr. Chairman, I yield the 20 seconds I have yet.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Ms. Kuster, 5 minutes.    Ms. Sims. Actually, I live 6 miles south of Wink, Texas, which is about 8 miles----    Ms. Sims. More rural, yes.    Ms. Sims. At my particular house, I am on well water.    Ms. Sims. No, sir.    Ms. Sims. I do agree with that. There is production all around my 80 acres. My neighbors behind me have a wonderful water well that they grow wonderful alfalfa crops with. The neighbors across the highway, they grow alfalfa as well. None of us in that area have ever had any contaminated water.    Ms. Sims. Ninety percent of it is going to be on-the-job training. There are specific requirements, H2S training, CPR training, blood-borne pathogens, some other safety requirements, things like that, but our blue collar workers, they are high school-educated individuals, or some of them didn't even graduate high school.    Ms. Sims. To be honest with you, they need to learn how to work a shovel before they can learn how to work anything, so, yes.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir, that is correct. There is a need for some computer technicians, some automation-type people, but it is still very blue collar.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. In both Midland and Odessa Colleges, they do have some training courses. For your CDL drivers, over the hole, some well-completion type courses which are new to the industry, and they are doing a lot more training.    Ms. Sims. Yes. The AESC, the Association of Energy Services Companies has been very beneficial in that and are working very closely with our community colleges.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir, that is correct.    Ms. Sims. Thank you.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Davis, 5 minutes.    Ms. Sims. As far as the blue collar workers, the gentlemen that are out on my rigs, no, sir. Some engineers, yes.    Ms. Sims. Anywhere from $25,000 to $115,000 per year.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. that is correct.    Ms. Sims. How long do we have?    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. Definitely, over-regulation has been an issue with us as far as employment and keeping people working in the oil and gas industry. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Agency, with their Endangered Species Act, have threatened to slow us down some. The FMCSA, CLA--    Ms. Sims. Yes. The DOT issues, the CDL drivers, putting more and more restrictions on the CDL drivers. The hours of service issues has been a huge deterrent, both to either get a CDL or to do the type of jobs that we need.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir.    Ms. Sims. Correct.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir, we do. The more regulations and requirements they put on CDL drivers have definitely been a deterrent.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. In our industry we definitely believe that this state can do a better job of regulating. Drilling is not necessarily my expertise of business, but I am in the care of the well after the drilling. But from my cohorts and folks that I know in the drilling business, the availability of the permits, getting the permits, the timeline, the cost----    Ms. Sims. To be honest with you, I am really not sure and I apologize.    Ms. Sims. Not necessarily in our area. Not so much.    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. Drilling rigs, of course, are multi-manned. They work in different tiers or different tours, 24 hours a day. Well servicing, we run sunup to sundown, daylight hours only. It is a four-man crew. You have the operator on the rig floor. You have two floor hands and a derrickhand, again, for pulling the pipe out of the hole, moving the pipe out of the way, putting other instruments down the hole, such as fishing tools to catch either broken pipe or separated pipe. You are putting your wireline or logging tools down a hole.    Drilling, again, starts from the top and works down. There are more dangers in drilling than in well servicing due to the unknown of what they are drilling into or the actual unseen. Well servicing itself, again, we are for the maintenance of the well from the time that it is drilled, cased, and started producing until it is plugged.    The Chairman. When you go out to pull a well, you are not the only contractor or subcontractor on the well. Can you talk about some of the other businesses that show up to help with that?    Ms. Sims. That is correct. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. These are all small businesses?    Ms. Sims. There will be also small businesses, trucking companies. You have your water haulers that will be removing and hauling wastewater off from the well. You have your crude haulers. You have your well logging companies that will be logging down the hole, wireline tubing testers. They run instruments down the hole to check tubing for leaks, anything else like that.    The Chairman. Generally, these are entry-level kind of businesses that you can start these businesses with relatively small capital investments and they are, for the most part, small businesses?    Ms. Sims. That is correct, yes, sir.    The Chairman. Just off the top of your head, somebody told us that the drilling rig counts dropped to about 120 rigs recently. About how many jobs, direct jobs for a drilling rig? You said four for yours, but you have also the other jobs associated with pulling----    Ms. Sims. Correct.    The Chairman. But on a drilling rig, any idea what the jobs are per rig?    Ms. Sims. Drilling rigs also run a four-man crew, of course, 24 hours a day so you have four shifts on that. You also have your production foreman out on location. I would state that at any time during a 12 hour tour on a rig, on a drilling rig, you are going to have probably 20 to 30 people out there.    The Chairman. All right. I grew up in Odessa, Texas, with the roughnecks, and those kind of things. There are some things that used to be done in the oil business using tank bottoms to put on caliche roads to hold down the dirt that is clearly against the law today. Can you talk to us about the changes that the industry has made, from an environmental standpoint, that you watched your dad do and you do that are different today where we have actually improved how the business goes about trying to protect the environment? Any examples like that?    Ms. Sims. Yes, sir. Just as you discussed, waste oil used to be utilized for your dirt caliche roads to keep the dust down. That has not been done or utilized in years. We have our disposal wells that the BS&W goes down versus just on the road.    The Chairman. Saltwater.    Ms. Sims. Sir?    The Chairman. You used an acronym.    Ms. Sims. An acronym.    The Chairman. Saltwater.    Ms. Sims. Saltwater, yes, sir.    The Chairman. Right.    Ms. Sims. Yes, the terminology is a bit discolored. The environmental, we have now nets over open tanks for your birds, for your aviaries. The flaring issues, we don't flare as much. There are controls on that. Just safety, overall, on a rig. OSHA has come in and we work closely with OSHA as far as fall situations, the safety on the rigs, making sure that the men are not hurt, things like that.    The Chairman. Okay. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. As I said, I roughnecked. I lasted a week on a pulling unit.    Ms. Sims. Yes.    The Chairman. Way too nasty, way too hard. So I went to roughnecking instead, which is a separate deal.    Ms. Sims. The drilling side.    The Chairman. I want to thank our witnesses for being here today. Clearly, the impact on rural America is meaningful and in a positive way. We are probably a generation away now from the impact that J.R. Ewing, et al., had on most folks' understanding of the oil business. Most all of the actual work, service company work is done from rural bases, rural communities. I would argue that Odessa, Texas, is a relatively rural part of the world as well. The production owners, the royalty owners live all over the United States. Many of them probably have never even seen a rig, but the checks show up on a monthly basis, which is meaningful.    Chairman Causer, I appreciate your comments about the regulatory schemes and that we do have to have regulations. There is not a regulatory-free environment anywhere, nor should there be, but they ought to make sense. And the closer they are to the wellhead where those regulations are being created, in my view, they stand a much better chance at being able to tailor it to the circumstances for that state; for Pennsylvania, as an example.    I trust you to do that a whole lot better than I would, the folks hear in D.C., and I trust our friends in Austin, Texas, to do a better job of regulating and doing the right things. Clean air, clean water, all those kinds of things are done. But the overall benefits to rural America are clear. And I didn't hear any negative comments from the witnesses or from any of the questioners relative to--oh, we had another Member show up.    I am sorry, I didn't see you come in. I recognize you for 5 minutes.    Ms. Sims. I personally wouldn't know.    Ms. Sims. I would like to address that. Pardon me. I know in our area, the Permian Basin area, there are new innovative companies that are coming in and reclaiming used well water, or used drilling water, drilling fluid. So they are cleaning that up and utilizing it for both potable water and nonpotable water to replenish water that is used. So there are lots of innovations and lots of new----    Ms. Sims. Right.    Ms. Sims. Again, I want to reference Mr. Causer: Stay out of the way. Let the private industry and private-sector do what they know to do. Seems like all businesses are somewhat expensive to run in the beginning as technology comes to it, and they can work to get the cost down given that regulations are fewer and fewer between, is my opinion.