    Mr. Pinkerton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My name is LeAlan L. Pinkerton, I am a Commissioner for Boundary County, Idaho. I thank you for inviting me here today.    Today, I intend to give you an overview describing the consequences created in the management of our national forests, which are essentially impacted or directed by rulings from the bench, the Endangered Species Act, biological opinions, and the volumes of National Environmental Policy Act requirements.    First, national security issues. The U.S. Border Patrol shoulders a daunting task, patrolling the rugged and remote land masses of the Selkirk, Purcell, and Cabinet mountain ranges, as well as all areas in between. The overwhelming majority of the area is mountainous and timbered. Access is vital to the success in securing the border and affords the Border Patrol the ability to secure these remote areas, maintain a secure border, and expand into adjoining areas.    The Border Patrol has a number of tools available for patrol activities. However, none of them provide the advantages as well as a vehicle. Unabated, the existing road and trail system supports the operational requirements of patrol. Access restrictions create a debilitating effect, and vast areas of the border go infrequently monitored or go without patrol all together. Resource managers have placed these restrictions primarily because of ESA standards and biological opinions to limit motorized traffic into recovery zones of the grizzly bear.    The Forest Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service categorize all motorized access as an administrative trip, albeit, the Border Patrol's mission is not administrative in nature. Nevertheless, each patrol into the recovery zone is subject to the limits of the administrative trip cap being shared among all agencies.    The land managers have put up gates on roads, have not provided keys, removed culverts, decommissioned roads, et cetera. They seldom give any notification or forewarning. All these agencies have been tasked with cooperating among one another through the Memorandum of Understanding signed by each agency's Secretary in March of 2006. However, it is also my belief that this region's Fish and Wildlife and U.S. Forest Service have deliberately ignored the spirit of this directive.    An example of this is the Bald Creek Road closure. This closure can add up to 3\1/2\ hours of travel in making responses, rendering about 25 miles of border unsecurable. This type of conflict is largely repetitive in many locations and jurisdictions along our Northern border. The security of our Nation's borders and our citizens is paramount. Border security should not continue to be compromised because of wildlife and natural resource restrictions.    Rural county issues--about 495,000 acres, or 61 percent, of Boundary County consists of Federal land. Roughly 90 percent of that is bound by restrictions. Only about 50,000 acres of Federal land remains available, with limited access for forest management to supply our natural resource-driven economy. Boundary County's economic vitality is dependent upon the timber industry, as it has been for the last 100 years. There is no shortage of timber, and wildlife habitat is abundant.    However, much of the timber is aging to the point of over-maturing, in need of harvest to control disease and loss. My county, at one time, had over seven saw mills in varying sizes, providing employees with a family wage job. We now are down to two, one medium and one large. Infrastructure is leaving. The volume of timber provided to these steadily decreased over the years that have gone by. The forest district, prior to 1990, averaged a harvest volume of 30.8 million board feet per year. During the time frame of 2001 to 2010, the district averaged 14.4 million board feet per year, and most of these projects were appealed and several were litigated. This is merely a snapshot of how much influence the courts have in forest management. Due to litigation, the courts essentially make critical forest management determinations.    Today, harvest targets are approximately 20 million board feet per year, or about 25 percent of our local timber supply. Timber growth volumes, however, continue to increase by several times beyond targeted harvest amounts. Aging timber is more and more susceptible to disease, insect damage, and weather damage, which increases the likelihood of catastrophic wildfire.    The majority of the national forest in Boundary County has been identified by fire hazard assessments as being at high risk for wildfire. Annually, the Forest Service spends countless millions for wildfire suppression while habitat is suffering from the effects. My community does not hold any animosity toward the listing of any wildlife species, but they do take offense to the restrictions that come along with it.    These restrictions have been created by agency rules, litigation, and antiquated science--science that has been tagged as the best science available. The counties of Idaho have continually tried to correct and protect our access to Federal lands. But, ultimately, any change must come from Congress.    I could have bored you with statistics, but they cannot explain the whole story. Now is the time to really look at positive changes to the Acts that guide how Federal lands and wildlife are managed. I urge you to make the necessary changes for the sake of all our citizens.    In conclusion, sir, I thank you for listening and for your consideration of these matters. It has been my distinct honor to be here before you to speak today.    Mr. Pinkerton. I would not consider it secure in any fashion. As a matter of fact, if you date back to the 1970s, it is probably somewhere in the same realm, as far as being secure. It is not secure, to answer.    Mr. Pinkerton. Yes, sir. It was signed in 2006 by all three agency secretaries.    Mr. Pinkerton. No, sir, not in my opinion. As a matter of fact, I believe it has been damaging to the mission of the Border Patrol. It has put the position of the Border Patrol in somewhat of a compromise, and----    Mr. Pinkerton. Well, sir, the Border Patrol is a law enforcement faction, and they have to run their operations based on law enforcement needs. The land management agencies, for the most part, are not. Sometimes the Border Patrol has to share sensitive law enforcement information with a biologist, so to speak, because of the restrictions on a road that may be back there.    The cooperation among the agencies has been somewhat one-sided against the Border Patrol, in my experience.    Mr. Pinkerton. Well, I think the term itself is something that should bring your attention--``administrative.'' The trips behind these gates for the Border Patrol are not administrative in nature. An administrative trip would be for--let's say a biologist to go back there and check on a collar that fell off of a bear, or put batteries into something that they are using to gauge traffic for the animals, or something of that sort--that is an administrative trip. For the Forest Service, to do a timber scale, or timber sale stand exam, so to speak. But for the Border Patrol, it is a matter of a tactic that they are needing. It is not administrative in nature. It could be a life and death situation of a matter of a few seconds.    Mr. Pinkerton. Well, I would echo that the Memorandum of Understanding has been put in place to solve some of these problems. To be able to improve upon border security, the access is of the utmost importance.    Where these roads exist, I don't believe you should have to go through and get another environmental impact statement put on it before you can drive a vehicle across it again. I don't believe your law enforcement should be hampered by having to stop every 4 or 5 miles to open another locked gate, which is quite difficult, especially when there is a foot or two of snow.    All of these elements add to eliminating the ability for the Border Patrol agents to respond to a corresponding area at an appropriate time. To improve it, make these short little hurdles go away and put the Border Patrol back in a place of patrolling.