    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Mr. Murphy, for holding this hearing today focusing on this growing epidemic. Thank you to the witnesses for coming here to testify.    Prescription drug and heroin abuse has steadily increased. You have heard it throughout the comments that have been made here and throughout our country, and I have seen it firsthand in my home State of West Virginia. Currently, West Virginia is suffering from the highest rate of drug overdose mortality rates in the entire country.    Since coming to Congress in 2010, our office has been working on solutions. We have had roundtable meetings throughout the district with law enforcement, healthcare professionals, educators, and community leaders about how to address this problem. What we have heard is at least three solutions. One is, we need to be focused better on education; secondly, on proactive prevention; and thirdly, resources for our law enforcement to take these drug traffickers off our streets. Therefore, by expanding the High Incident Drug Traffic Area--HIDTA--in West Virginia, it has provided an incredibly effective tool for catching drug offenders and taking them off the streets. This is just one option. I hope to learn more from the rest of this panel today.    Thank you, and I yield back my time.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Stefan Maxwell is a neonatalist in Charleston, West Virginia, caring for the sickest of the newborns for the past 30 years. He is Chairman of the West Virginia Perinatal Partnership, which focuses on reducing the number of babies born who are exposed to drugs. A study in this topic in 2009 revealed that 20 percent, one in five, babies born in West Virginia were exposed to a substance during the pregnancy.    Dr. Maxwell's work in the Perinatal Partnership in West Virginia has led to great strides in finding ways to identify women in need of drug treatment counseling and reduce the number of babies born exposed to drugs. His leadership as Chairman of the Perinatal Partnership and the Committee on Substance Abuse in Pregnancy, a member of the West Virginia Governor's Advisory Council on Substance Abuse, and caring for sick babies at Charleston Area Medical Center has made him a leading expert on this topic.    Thank you, Dr. Maxwell, for attending here today and providing us your experiences.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you again, Mr. Chairman.    Two things, and if I could direct those to Dr. Maxwell. You said something that I found very intriguing in your remarks and also in your testimony, and that was about pay for success, and I spent a little time, I was looking--I did a little research, the beauty of Google, to be able to read that, and I understand that program may be working across the country. Can you give us a little bit more information about, one, the program of pay for success, and two, this proactive role that you talked about for drug-free moms and babies? I am curious about it because what I am hearing from you is that you have actually got programs to solve this, and so I am curious to see, or at least address it. Could you answer both of those two questions?    Mr. McKinley. Thank you very much. I yield back my time.