    Ms. Dawson. Sure, thank you.    Chairman Thompson, Ranking Member Lujan Grisham, and Members of the Subcommittee, as the Senior Manager for the Delaware River Program, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today to discuss the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation's, NFWF's, agriculture partnerships in the Delaware River watershed.    Established by Congress in 1984 to leverage public-private investments, NFWF currently works with 15 Federal partners and more than 45 corporate and foundation partners to conserve fish, wildlife, and their habitats. To date, we have funded nearly 15,500 conservation projects across all 50 states and U.S. territories, 900 of those alone in the last fiscal year.    Today, I would like to share with you some of our innovative work with farmers, ranchers, and foresters.    Three years ago, the William Penn Foundation of Philadelphia formed a partnership with NFWF, Drexel University's Academy of Natural Sciences, and the Open Space Institute to design and help implement an innovative voluntary initiative to improve water quality and habitat health across the Delaware River watershed.    The watershed crosses four state borders and provides drinking water for 15 million people, including in Trenton, Philadelphia, Wilmington, and \1/2\ the population of New York City, and it provides a vital habitat for fish and wildlife and unparalleled recreation.    To restore and protect these resources, the William Penn Foundation launched the Delaware River Watershed Initiative in 2014 with an initial 3 year, $35 million investment, which targeted eight sub-watersheds for focused restoration and conservation. Selected through an unprecedented assessment of on-the-ground potential to improve water quality, these sub-watersheds will serve as real life laboratories in which concentrated restoration and conservation will be strategically implemented, leveraged, and monitored.    Local partners have worked together to develop plans to implement the initiative, and accelerate adoption of practices that improve and protect water quality. Chief among the strategies for most of these sub-watersheds is expanded NRCS voluntary forest management and farm conservation practices.    One-size-fits-all conservation planning isn't an option for the region's diverse agriculture communities. Farms tend to be small, often fewer than 80 acres, and ownership is very complex. From the leased and rotating farmland in southern New Jersey to Plain Sect farmers wary of government cost-share programs in southeastern Pennsylvania, we have a great variability in landowner and producer dynamics. And despite its position in a notably urban corridor, the region serves as a smorgasbord of agriculture production. From the Garden State's vegetable farms, orchards, and nurseries, to Pennsylvania's mushrooms, dairy farms, and tobacco fields, and to New York's vast private forests critical for clean water, it truly has it all.    As the initiative partners got to work on strategies to address the challenges of such variability, the launch of the Regional Conservation Partnership Program, RCPP, was a remarkably timely opportunity tailor-made to deliver expanded conservation with a complimentary water quality benefit. Additionally, it was one that was particularly responsive to the aforementioned diversity.    In late 2014, NFWF in partnership with the American Farmland Trust and other partners was awarded a 5 year, $13 million RCPP to address water quality through the Delaware Watershed Working Lands Conservation Protection Partnership. Of particular importance, the partnership is leveraging $17.6 million in resources from partners for a conservation impact that amounts to more than $30.6 million.    There are four main reasons why we are excited about the RCPP opportunity in the Delaware watershed. First, the partnership helps efficiently expand delivery of important farm bill conservation and forest management programs in the region. Second, we are able to increase technical assistance in important places by growing the capacity of both traditional agriculture organizations like conservation districts, and partner nonprofits who are honing their ability to work with projects and landowners. Third, and perhaps most importantly, RCPP affords the partnership an opportunity to work with NRCS to design applicant criteria and adjust ranking so that cost-share funds are available to the projects and places that will have the most benefit for water quality. And finally, the RCPP in Delaware is an excellent example of the power of leveraging private and public resources to do the most good. We are able to help producers achieve their conservation goals, while also utilizing private funding to incentivize, for example, implementation by landowners who prefer not to use government funding or to test innovative methods like conservation vouchers, bonus payments, and higher rates of cost-share for implementing the highest priority practices.    In only its first few months, the project is on its way towards its initial 5 year goals to work with 1,100 landowners to implement conservation on at least 16,750 acres and to improve management of 20,000 acres of working forests. This partnership has the potential to dramatically accelerate conservation and to build a stronger, more capable network among the agricultural communities and local nonprofits in the region.    While my testimony today is focused on the Delaware River watershed, let me close by mentioning NFWF's numerous other leveraging efforts to advance voluntary conservation on working lands. Among them are the Monarch Butterfly Conservation Fund, a partnership in Kentucky with Altria to help transition tobacco growers to continuous no-till, and the Gulf Coast Migratory Bird Habitat Initiative. In the interest of time, those details are included in my written testimony.    And again, Mr. Chairman and distinguished Members of this Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today, and I am happy to answer any questions you may have. Fifteen seconds.    Ms. Dawson. It is true, Pennsylvania is quite blessed with something on the order of 40" of rain per year, so that is pretty remarkable and a great resource for agriculture in the state. But farmers there are certainly not immune to challenges. Perhaps what we see most significantly is when use changes. That can have a huge dynamic on hydrology and the way agriculture is done in the state, and we want to keep our working lands working, so we are very dedicated to finding ways to get solutions that help keep farmers on the land.    We are also seeing issues with invasive species and new pests in our forestry work. This is a huge challenge that we are working in partnership to try to find solutions to, but continues to be quite a behemoth in conservation. And as we have talked a lot about today, managing soil health is going to have a lot of impact on our ability to manage that water, manage flooding, and also keep nutrients on the land where they can do the most good. We are working to implement solutions with our agriculture partners to be big proponents of managing for soil health so we can benefit both the farmer and the ecosystem at the same time.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Price, some folks have the mindset that if you take cattle off the land, it will be better for wildlife and everything will go back the way it was before we ever showed up. What are you thoughts on that?    Ms. Dawson. That is a great question. Again, we don't advocate, and that does make it difficult for us to play an active role in dispelling that myth, but we believe that by perpetuating our partnerships, by growing them, by increasing the role of partners and our voices at the table to do good work, we are able to get practices implemented on the ground that advance habitat restoration and that make for more resilient landscapes. And we are really able to let the work speak for itself.    And by doing that and by increasing our ability to demonstrate what we are able to do by working in partnership with farmers and ranchers in the ag community, by increasing habitat on those lands or making it more friendly to those species, we are able to promote that concept in that way.    With respect to those other geographies where we are doing a lot of other great work, unfortunately I am very narrow in my scope for my specific geography, but we would be happy to give you more information on those projects as well.    Ms. Dawson. You have seen some great examples here today of folks coming to the table to work together to find innovative and special solutions to some of our problems. I think that consistent support for those programs that have enabled that is going to be of paramount importance, going forward. Continuing support for EQIP and other farm bill conservation programs makes it possible for a lot of us to deliver and engage in the practices that we want to see on landscapes. And enabling NRCS and other organizations to do demonstration projects so folks can see it enacted in real life, I think that that makes such a big difference when people can see the kinds of things that maybe Mr. Price is doing on his land. We can see those in action and people can see that it works and we are able to get more interest in things that way.    And then continuing to work with community-based organizations, the folks on the ground who are doing the work, they are the ones who are experts in what is really needed. Instead of any kind of top down approach, it is really great to be able to engage the people who are doing the work who are engaging locally who can drive the planning and the strategies from that side of things.