    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. The subcommittee will come to order.    After recognizing myself and Ranking Member Deutch for 5 minutes, each, for our opening statements, I will then recognize other members seeking recognition for 1 minute.    We will then hear from our witnesses. And without objection, the witnesses' prepared statements will be made a part of the record, and members may have 5 days to insert statements and questions for the record subject to the length limitations in the rules.    The chair now recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    Since 2011, Tunisians have made tremendous strides in overcoming decades of crippling authoritarian rule. Multiple free and fair elections, a modern constitution that enshrines women's rights, a rapidly opening space for freedom of the press, and a rare commitment by Tunisia's major political parties to negotiate and find mutually acceptable middle ground so that the democratic transition can continue. These are all remarkable achievements worthy of praise and admiration by Tunisians and outsiders alike.    But for many Tunisians, the transition is not happening nearly as fast as we would have imagined 5 years ago, as they are increasingly disappointed by what is seen as slow progress. Unemployment rates are high, especially for Tunisian youth and for women, and public administration and democracy are still mired by corruption, delays, and competing interests that too often prevent projects from being implemented.    The current government has made a lot of economic progress for which it deserves a great deal of credit, including passing major banking and investment laws which will go a long way in eventually spurring foreign direct investment and job creation.    However, getting that message out and informing the population about the government's achievements is an enormous challenge on its own. Tunisia's minimally staffed legislature does not have the necessary resources to connect with constituents to explain their efforts, especially to those in the interior.    And the central government's outreach problems are indicative of the challenges ahead for Tunisia's announced municipal elections in March next year.    Among many issues that need to be solved, the cabinet and the legislature still need to figure out how Tunisia will be divided into municipalities, and there is resistance at all levels to giving up central power.    While people see decentralization as a panacea, there is a lack of understanding about why the process is important, about the challenges it would create, and about what kinds of services should be expected from the newly empowered municipal leaders. All of these discussions are taking place in an increasingly challenging security environment, placing additional pressure on the government to succeed.    Terrorist attacks in 2015 cut Tunisia's tourism revenue in half, and the sector has still not recovered with many local hotels along the beach sitting empty.    In March, the Tunisian military successfully fought off ISIS as it attempted to overtake a southern city along the Libyan border. And earlier this month, Tunisian security forces again foiled an ISIS plot, killing four, and arresting 16 others, and just last week took out another top leader of the Tunisian ISIS affiliate. These successes are encouraging, and they are evidence of the security sector's growing capacity, a development which should be welcomed by this administration.    The Tunisian security forces are proving themselves to be professional and capable partners that the United States can rely on to help fight extremism, to help push back against ISIS, and to assist other regional partners to face down the same threats. Tunisia is facing a dangerous and persistent terrorist threat from within and without, especially through the porous Libyan border, along the Algerian border, and from returning foreign fighters of which some estimates place at around 6,500 Tunisians. We need to be strengthening our security cooperation with Tunisia, including helping it to fight violent extremism, investing more in law enforcement through our INCLE programs, and assisting more with border security like we saw with the recent contract for equipment and training for a border surveillance system. So many of these security, political, and economic issues are intertwined and reinforcing of each other, that it is essential that the United States and Tunisia's international partners remain fully committed to Tunisia on all fronts.    I was disappointed to see the administration request almost $20 million less in FMF funds for Tunisia this year, funds for which there is a clear need and would go a long way toward helping Tunisia remain stable.    Similarly, I was disappointed to see only a modest request for ESF funds. There is a lot more that this administration can be doing, especially with technical assistance, helping making the structural reforms necessary to encourage investment and entrepreneurship, and with helping promote commerce, tourism, and trade with the United States and other partners.    Tunisia is ready and willing to accept our assistance, and there is no shortage of partners who stand ready and able to program any help that we can provide.    Tunisia is a country whose democratic, economic, and security successes are vital to our own interests. And despite the many challenges, it is overflowing with opportunity in an increasingly troubled region of the world. We cannot afford to be turning away, diverting our attention, or scaling back our engagement, and I encourage our administration to make Tunisia the priority that it warrants.    With that, I am so pleased to recognize the ranking member, my good friend, Congressman Ted Deutch of Florida.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Deutch.    Ms. Frankel.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Seeing no further request for time, it is my pleasure now to introduce our witnesses.    First, Mr. John Desrocher? Pretty good? Thank you. Who is deputy assistant secretary for Egypt and Maghreb Affairs for the State Department's Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs. Prior to this, he served as deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad. He has also served in New Zealand, Egypt, Israel, Liberia, and Germany. Welcome, Mr. Desrocher.    Next, we welcome Ms. Maria Longi. USAID's deputy assistant administrator for the Middle East. Prior to this, Ms. Longi served in various positions with the State Department and also worked at the millennium challenge cooperation as its director for threshold programs in several developing countries.    Welcome, Ms. Longi. We are pleased to have both of you here today. We thank you, both, for your service to our country. Your prepared statements will be made a part of the record.    And, Mr. Desrocher, we will begin with you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Desrocher.    And now we will turn to Ms. Longi.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much for great testimony.    We will begin the question-and-answer period.    As both of you have stated, seeing Tunisia's democratic transition through is critical to U.S. interests and regional stability. But because of a modest budget request and other issues vying for attention, it may appear as though the administration doesn't view Tunisia as one of its top priorities.    While the administration's Fiscal Year 2017 request for Tunisia represents a slight increase over the prior years, the ESF request is for $74 million, $20 million of which is for the Enterprise Fund, and the FMF request is $45 million, which is $20 million less than last year.    So many of the challenges in Tunisia are interdependent, and I fear that what will happen if the government can't show the people that it can provide security while simultaneously growing the economy and expanding political inclusion could be a recipe for disaster.    So I ask, why aren't we doing more to promote democracy and governance and to contribute to the country's badly needed economic growth? Why was the FMF request for Tunisia reduced for the upcoming fiscal year? And what is the status of military equipment requested by Tunisia? Is there anything being held up?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you to both.    On the Tunisian American Enterprise Fund, it was established to respond to an urgent need for investment and job creation in Tunisia, but there is some questions surrounding its effectiveness.    How many projects has the Enterprise Fund implemented so far? How many jobs has it helped to create? And what barometers do you use to measure the success of the fund?    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much. And I also would like to point out that we have the Tunisian Ambassador to the United States with us, a good friend of this subcommittee.    Welcome, sir.    And with that, I am very pleased to yield to my good friend, Mr. Deutch, for his time.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Weber of Texas.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Mr. Weber.    Ms. Frankel.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Ms. Frankel.    Dr. Yoho.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you, Dr. Yoho.    Mr. Boyle.    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you very much.    Does any member wish to have another round? Thank you so much.    Thank you for presenting a very realistic and hopeful outlook for our great partner Tunisia. Having been there also, I wish I would have been in Ms. Frankel's CODEL, but we went on our own and it was sad to see beautiful hotels empty.    We hope that folks come back to the beauty of Tunisia. Thank you so much.    And with that, the subcommittee is adjourned.