    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today's hearing is an important opportunity to consider the Federal Trade Commission's critical role in developing and enforcing antitrust law.    Congress first established the Federal Trade Commission in 1914 to safeguard consumers against anticompetitive behavior by specifically empowering the Commission with the authority to enforce, clarify, and develop antitrust law. Under the process of administrative litigation, also known as Part III litigation, the Committee may seek permanent injunctions in its own administrative court in addition to its ability to seek preliminary injunctions in Federal district court.    This additional authority is a unique mechanism that takes advantage of the Commission's longstanding expertise to develop some of the most complex issues in antitrust law.    Today, this Subcommittee will consider the Standard Merger and Acquisition Review Through Equal Rules, or SMARTER Act. This bill would create a uniform standard for preliminary injunctions in cases involving mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, or similar transactions and, alarmingly, eliminate the Commission's century-old authority to administratively litigate these cases.    Proponents of the SMARTER Act argue that divergent standards for enjoining mergers may undermine the public's trust in the efficient and fair outcomes of merger cases. But it is unclear that these differences are material, let alone that the differences have led to divergent outcomes in merger cases.    In the absence of any evidence, it is difficult to support wholesale changes to longstanding antitrust practices at the FTC for consistency's sake alone based solely on speculative harms. But even assuming that there are material differences in cases brought under these standards, we should strike a balance in favor of competition by lowering the burden of proof in cases brought by the Justice Department, not by raising the Commission's burden for obtaining preliminary injunctions. Courts already require a lower burden of proof in cases brought by the Commission and Justice Department precisely because both are expert agencies equipped with large staffs of economists who analyze numerous mergers on a regular basis that may only bring cases that are in the public interest.    To the extent that we should address perceived differences in the standard for preliminary injunctions in merger cases, legislation should favor increased competition, not the interest of merging parties.    The SMARTER Act would also eliminate the FTC's authority to administratively litigate mergers and other transactions under Section 5(b) of the FTC Act. Leading authorities in antitrust across party lines have expressed serious reservations with eliminating the Commission's administrative litigation authority.    For instance, Bill Kovacic, a former Republican chair of the Commission, has referred to this aspect of the bill as ``rubbish,'' noting that the Commission has used administrative litigation to win a string of novel antitrust cases that courts have ultimately upheld where the Commission has had to fight every single foot along the way.    Edith Ramirez, the chairwoman of the FTC, likewise wrote last Congress that eliminating the FTC's administrative litigation authority would ``fundamentally alter the nature and function of the FTC.''    In light of these concerns, I sincerely hope that we can work to find an evenhanded solution that promotes competition in the market and protects the public interest.    And with that, I thank the Chairman, and I yield back.    Mr. Johnson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Garza, in your statement, you write, ``The premise of SMARTER is simple. A merger should not be treated differently depending on which antitrust enforcement agency, DOJ or FTC, happens to review it. Regulatory outcomes should not be determined by a flip of the merger agency coin.''    I was puzzled by your characterization of how the agencies go about determining which one will assert jurisdiction.    Can you explain what you mean by the flip of a merger agency coin?    Mr. Johnson. And they have determined between themselves when they will assert jurisdiction over a particular matter, depending upon each agency's decades of experience over the relevant merging parties' industry. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Johnson. Well, then in those instances where it can't be determined, the agencies go through a careful process outlined by the antitrust laws and in some cases implemented through the Code of Federal Regulations. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I guess what I am suggesting is that it is a little bit more than just simply a coin flip in 99.9 percent of the cases. Isn't that correct?    Mr. Johnson. Well, I don't want you to take up all of my time.    Mr. Johnson. Okay.    I would like to hear Mr. Foer's response to what you have said in response to my questions.    Mr. Johnson. Well, let me ask then, Mr. Lipsky, you cited a couple cases--and excuse me for interrupting--one back in 1987 and the other in 1991. Can you cite any more recent cases that show where the FTC continuing to litigate after a preliminary injunction has been denied has worked an undue hardship on one of the parties due to the length of time?    Mr. Johnson. Thank you. I yield back.