    Mr. Whitney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to share our commitment and vision on the Department of Energy's ongoing recovery of the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant.    Safe performance of work is our overriding priority, and the Department's first responsibility is to protect the workers, the public, and the environment. Safety first is the clear expectation behind all of our decisions and our activities. The Secretary and I continue to set the expectation for the EM workforce that safety is integral to accomplishing the mission.    WIPP's primary mission is to safely and permanently dispose of the Nation's defense-related transuranic waste, which is a byproduct of nuclear weapons research and production, facility dismantlement, and site cleanup.    On February 5, 2014, a vehicle used to transport salt caught fire in the WIPP underground. Workers were safely evacuated, and the underground portion of WIPP was shut down, but the fire resulted in minor smoke inhalation to six workers. It did not adversely, however, impact the public or the environment.    On February 14, 2014, a second unrelated event occurred when an air monitor measured airborne radioactivity close to the location where waste was being emplaced. No employees were underground at the time. The next day, low levels of airborne radioactive contamination were detected, the result of when a small amount of radioactivity leaked by the exhaust duct dampers through the unfiltered exhaust ducts and escaped aboveground.    As a result of these events, the WIPP repository is shut down and is currently not accepting waste shipments.    The Department established an Accident Investigation Board to fully investigate the event and understand the causes and factors that contributed to the radiological release. The AIB identified direct causes, root causes, and contributing causes to the radiological release.    While the investigation focused on the activities that contributed to the breached drum in the WIPP underground, the conclusions and analyses represent an opportunity to assess and benchmark all of our operations and apply lessons learned across the EM complex.    We have made considerable progress towards safely recovering WIPP over the last 16 months, including the immediate response to the incidents, our investigation to the incidents, the development of corrective action plans, and the issuance and implementation of the WIPP recovery plan.    We are strengthening safety management programs such as nuclear safety, fire protection, emergency management, and radiological control, reestablishing a bounding safety envelope, and responding to all of our oversight organizations' concerns.    Underground entries were necessarily limited in the weeks following the incidents, but they are now safely performed daily. Restoration of the underground includes radiological surveys, radiological buffers in noncontaminated areas, ground control stability inspections, roof bolting, and equipment maintenance.    Work is being performed also safely in contaminated areas. Adequate ventilation is required, however, for habitability of the underground, including dust removal during mining and removal of exhaust fumes during diesel engine operations. Increasing ventilation capacity is a principal requirement for the safe underground operations, and our plan is to increase ventilation over the next year to support resumption of operations and ultimately to increase the airflow back to pre-incident rates, although that will take several years.    EM has worked diligently to improve oversight at the headquarters and field level. To ensure continued health and safety to the workers, the public, and the environment, the Department must provide effective, comprehensive oversight of work at every phase and level. EM is committed to strengthening Federal and contractor oversight competencies. Many of these actions have already been implemented.    In summary, WIPP is an important national resource that we are working hard to recover. DOE will resume disposal operations at WIPP but only when it is safe to do so. The safety of workers, the public, and the environment is first and foremost. And we continue to keep the community and stakeholders, including Congress, informed of WIPP recovery in a transparent manner.    Thank you.    Mr. Whitney. No, sir.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. If you don't mind, sir, I will answer that for the Office of Environmental Management.    Yes, Ted was exactly right. Even with respect to the EM contractor at the WIPP site, there were assessments over the past years, corrective actions put in place, and they were not tracked accordingly.    We are going to resolve that issue. Among many other things that we are doing with respect to oversight at headquarters, we have developed a more robust corrective action tracking system, a corrective action software hub, and we will assure the followthrough on all corrective actions.    We are also increasing resources in the oversight area for headquarters for our Safety, Security, and Quality Programs office that really did not have the staffing to implement a robust headquarters oversight program.    We have done the same at the Carlsbad Field Office, increasing resources, but, just as importantly, we have reorganized the office there. The office previously had the production or the waste emplacement group, the folks that were responsible for the program, and the folks that were responsible for oversight in the same office. And, in fact, unfortunately, some folks wore two hats. They were responsible for emplacing the waste and for oversight of that activity, which is clearly not the right way to approach it.    So we have reorganized it into an Office of Program Management and an Office of Oversight, to ensure that all the position descriptions accurately reflect the oversight responsibilities. And those are being pulled into performance plans of the Federal employee.    We are doing this across the board at headquarters and revamping our oversight program in response to the AIB reports and part of our corrective action planning process to include really developing a more robust oversight arm. There will be a baseline program as well a program that looks at trends across the complex and ensures that when a trend develops----    Mr. Whitney. Sir, I won't speak on behalf of the Secretary, but I believe, as Madelyn and I both endorse the recommendations from the AIB report and realize things need to be corrected, we are taking an approach that I know the Secretary is supportive of, which is ensuring that the recommendations, and the findings from the Accident Investigation Board reports, we are sharing across the complex with the EM folks.    We have worked directly--Ted has--with each site office to give individual briefings of the AIB findings, to talk about lessons learned, where there may be extent-of-condition issues at that site, as well. And then, later this month, we will have all of the field offices managers in to----    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. Thank you for the question.    One, just a correction. Nuclear Waste Partnership did not pack the drum. They operate the WIPP facility.    Mr. Whitney. But you're exactly right, and we agree with the AIB findings, which stated they did not have an adequate contractor assurance system in place.    Unfortunately----    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    We anticipate the cost to resume operations--which, initially, our target for that is by the end of March of 2016--will be approximately $242 million.    To resume operations at the pre-incident pace will require additional ventilation, and that will require a capital construction project. And the rough order of magnitude of where we are in the planning process for that project is between $77 million and $310 million.    So I can't say exactly how much it will cost to get to the point where we were pre-incident, but it will take several years to get to that point.    Mr. Whitney. Only that I am a career employee.    Mr. Whitney. I started this assignment in May of last year. My predecessor was also a career employee. We haven't had a confirmed Assistant Secretary for several years. But we do have a very dedicated, strong workforce, as you pointed out, that is competent.    Mr. Whitney. And I completely agree, it is not the workforce. We have systemic issues that were brought out by the AIB report that we need to fix.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, ma'am. Thank you.    I think, most importantly, for the EM program, we cannot treat this as an opportunity only to fix WIPP and the incident there. We have to use this as an opportunity to fix our oversight across the EM complex.    Mr. Whitney. We very much are focusing in that area and making sure that not only are we sharing lessons learned, engaging directly with all our site managers, all our Senior Executive Service folks in the field to go over the lessons learned, and thankfully Mr. Wyka has agreed to work with us on that and to really engage and look at lessons learned, but also the oversight function.    The contractor assurance system is one component of our overall oversight function. It is an important component. It is a contractor's component. But we have to make sure that as we move forward and we build a more robust oversight element at headquarters, that we are doing that in the field too and not just at WIPP, but at each of our field sites.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. We did not have a confirmed Assistant Secretary at the time. I believe the most senior person was a senior advisor for environmental management at the time.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. For the environmental management program, we did conduct a review of the contractor assurance systems at our largest sites. This was prior to the WIPP incident. We looked at the elements, operational elements of the CAS system to see if they were there and to see if they were being implemented appropriately and if the field office is then providing that independent oversight. For those sites, we did find that they had effective systems in place, but now we are moving forward to reevaluate all of our sites' CAS.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. We believe that it is a systemic issue, and that is why we are revamping our oversight program at headquarters with a strong focus on all the oversight elements, including the contractor assurance system at all our sites and our field offices' oversight of those contractor assurance systems.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. I have had an opportunity actually to meet with the community on several occasions now. And now that we have formally stood up the EM field office, our senior manager there has also done that, and we are committed to continuing that relationship.    Mr. Whitney. As we move forward with EM, the transition from NNSA to EM, we are looking at the entire program. Of course you know the consent order with the State for the cleanup program was to be completed by the end of 2015, and that is not going to happen. So we are looking at the program, rebaselining the program, and also we will be working very closely with the State over the next several months, and we will assure that we have resources requested to do the cleanup work at the site based on that.    Mr. Whitney. Yes, sir. Safety is our overriding priority, and that is, as the Secretary has said, that is an integral part of accomplishing our mission. That comes first, and then the mission will follow.