    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the witnesses.    General, in your opening remarks, you used the term resurgent Russia, which--I would just like to explore that with you for a minute.    I mean, obviously, a big part of the resurgence is more investment in military spending by the Russian government. I just wonder if you could sort of walk us through what capabilities and forces have been the focus of that change.    General Breedlove. Thank you, Congressman.    And what we don't want to do is overstate. You know, that has happened in the past, that we used to talk about a 10-foot-tall Russia. But what Russia has done, over the past 5 years, has steeply ramped up their investment in their military, period.    We see a strong commitment to their nuclear forces in upgrading their nuclear forces, making them more survivable and then making the bench deeper. So a strong emphasis on their nuclear forces.    And then, what they have learned through the years. As you know, when they went into Georgia, it didn't go real well for them and they learned some tough lessons. And so they have addressed those lessons in their conventional forces and they have invested in their mobility, their readiness; they are training them to a higher level and they are outfitting them with new equipment to make them more capable when they take the field.    So it is sort of a bifurcated path, strong emphasis on nuclear weapons, and then the kind of money that you would smartly invest in order to bring up the readiness and capability of their conventional forces.    Mr. Courtney. So, you didn't mention naval arena and I--you know, obviously, there have been news reports about, you know, them sort of showing up near U.K. and you know, our Scandinavian allies and some talk about, you know, boosting their shipyard capacity.    I was wondering if you talk about that a little bit.    General Breedlove. Yes, sir.    I am sorry; I lumped air, land, and sea into conventional. And to make the point, they have invested in all three. They have made strong investment in their land forces, which is what you see playing out on the border of Ukraine now.    They have made strong investment in their aviation capability and they are doing the same thing with aircraft that they are doing with their naval forces. The investment in the naval forces is, again, sort of split; a good emphasis on their submarine forces and their nuclear submarine forces, as well as their conventional forces.    But what we see with the more surface navy is just bigger, better, exercises, training, more out-of-area operations, as you saw the Kuznetsov carrier go all the way into the Eastern Med and have about a 30-day rotation in the Eastern Med. Haven't seen that in a long time; so they are investing there.    Mr. Courtney. And you know, part of the events with the Crimean takeover was that they actually, at least for some short period of time, seized a number of Ukrainian naval vessels. What is the status of that? Did they return any of those or did they just enlarge their force by keeping them?    General Breedlove. Several were kept. Several of the very--lesser-capable vessels were given back. At least one, maybe two were scuttled, in order to block the entrance and exit from the harbor in Sebastopol.    The main combatant that was retained by Ukraine is their flagship, which actually was out of area on a NATO operation during the time.    Mr. Courtney. And so, in terms of our response and our NATO allies' response, in terms of, you know their naval forces; can you talk about that a little bit, in terms of what is happening right now?    General Breedlove. So, as a part of the assurance measures that we have done that the Under Secretary talked about, we have upped our presence in the north and in the south in our naval presence, so our standing naval group and our standing naval mine group showing a stronger presence in the Baltic Seas.    And then, in the south, we have had, not a constant presence, but almost constant presence in the Black Sea. Originally, in the beginning, by U.S. forces, and now NATO forces are folding in with us, so that we keep a NATO or U.S. presence in the Black Sea.    We have done several exercises in the Black Sea, with the navies, our NATO navies there, and Ukraine has participated in those exercises.    Mr. Courtney. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Forbes.