    Mr. Bera. Great. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank the witnesses.    I look at this slightly differently than my colleague, Mr. Sherman, in the sense that China is not following the rule of law and how we approach this is certainly important in today and the message that we send to the region about our relationship with the region--our commitment to the region.    But it also sets the stage for, you know, avoiding a kinetic conflict, you know, a decade from now or two decades from now.    Absolutely, Dr. Etzioni, we do hold military advantages far and away right now. But what we are doing is we are engaging in a region that is unsure of what the future looks like, that increasingly is unsure of what our commitment to the region looks like. You know, there's very much an interest in building commerce and trade and economic relationships.    Trade is a tool of diplomacy. Trade is about a lot more than the movement of goods and services. It's also an opportunity to reduce future tensions with China and bring China into the fold here.    So as opposed to always looking at this as an adversarial relationship--I mean, China certainly is probing us to see what we are doing and, you know, if we stick with that Mountain Dew analogy, if they go in and walk out without paying for that Mountain Dew today, tomorrow it might be a six-pack of Mountain Dew. They're testing to see what we will do and what our response will be.    That is why how we respond and stand up in a forceful way to the South China Sea. Yes, I am not worried that that is going to tip the balance of power today, but if we do nothing, well, they will take a next step.    And the reason why the South China Sea is so important: It is one of the most important throughways and seaways of goods that are moving in and out of Asia.    So making sure there's rule of law, that those seaways are open are not just important to us, but they're important to the countries in that region.    And right now, you know, with the fact that TPP looks pretty precarious, they're wondering what we are going to do with the South China Sea.    There is a real conversation going on in the region about what our commitment is. It's not all pessimistic.    I mean, the relationships that are building with India, you know, the fact that they are now our largest partner in naval exercises and the growing at least military-to-military, defense-to-defense partnership with India is a positive step.    The recommitment to the Philippines, to Vietnam, the opening up of these relationships are all positive steps. And it is not appropriate to say well, we are just focused on China. We are doing multiple things.    Clearly, North Korea is a real threat. Clearly, an unstable Pakistan is a real threat. Clearly, you know, tensions in the South China Sea are real threats.    What we want to avoid, though, is aircraft that are just flying around or ships that--you know, much of what you see happening in the Persian Gulf right now where you see provocative movements, one mistake leads to a war sometimes or leads to conflict. We want to avoid that.    I also think it is in China's interest. If we have this leverage, if we have economic leverage as well as military leverage, it does give us an opportunity to pull China into--to have a seat at the table and to talk about how we create this partnership.    They clearly are a major force in the 21st century. Let's try to figure out how we move this in a direction of mutual benefit and mutual partnership as opposed to adversarial relationships.    I guess, you know, the minute I have left if you'd like to talk about why this is important in addressing today in the context of avoiding that conflict a decade from now. Mr. Colby.