    Mr. Newhouse. Welcome, Ms. Goldfuss, I appreciate your coming with us this morning. I appreciate the opportunity to have this hearing, and just for full disclosure, I am an agriculture-economics major. I hold a degree from Washington State University.    But I guess it was inevitable that this would devolve into an argument about climate change, unfortunately. I think the focus of the hearing is the impacts of your final guidance on a host of American economic energy-related industries and activities. And so we will leave some of the previous comments alone for now.    But certainly the climate is changing. I think everyone recognizes that there is always change, and we are looking at ways that we can solve what I think is not a mutually exclusive equation, that we can have both economic development, as well as being responsible. So, I appreciate you coming and answering some questions about the final guidance itself.    So, a question. Just weeks after this final guidance was issued, litigation was introduced against BLM's oil and gas leasing program, actually citing the document. You have made several statements today that this is not a regulation, it is not legally enforceable, it is voluntary--so how can the Administration maintain that it is merely a voluntary guide for agencies, and should be exempt from the rulemaking process, when it was immediately used as a tool for obstruction by environmental organizations?    Mr. Newhouse. So, by setting the bar, at least if they do not follow the guidance, because it is voluntary, they have to justify beyond a shadow of a doubt in a court of law whether or not they were right in ignoring the guidance.    Some people have raised concerns that this final guidance does not provide for a fully inclusive cost-benefit analysis of potential energy projects. For example, a newly built natural gas pipeline or a hydro-electric dam could replace a less-efficient source of energy, and a less reliable method of transportation, thus having a positive and short-term as well as long-term impact on the environment.    So, how does the suggested life cycle analysis of a long-term infrastructure project take into account the positive benefits of the project? If we are trying to address the cumulative impacts on climate, why not factor in all benefits?    Mr. Newhouse. OK, I think I understand. I appreciate that.    And in the short time remaining, Mr. Chairman, I yield back my time.    The Chairman. Thank you. And, Dan, I apologize profusely. Look, all I will tell you is that one time I wanted to talk to Conway ahead of me. I leaned over and said, ``Larry, Larry, Larry,'' and finally he turned back and said, ``My name is Mike.'' So at least I did not go that far with you.    Mr. Newhouse. I appreciate that. I am not Larry, by the way, so that is good.    The Chairman. But you are Mike.    The Chairman. I apologize. So we will turn to Mr. Johnson next.