    Chairman HANNA. Thank you, Chairman. I appreciate it.    I am going to forego my statement today. So much of this is self-evident and it is often mostly, most of the time it is the case that witnesses have much more insight, and I do not want to take up any time to read my statement because I have a lot of questions and I want to get some feedback and want to take the time to do it. So thank you, Chairman.    Chairman HANNA. You know, it is pretty clear we are in slow growth. Very slow growth. Historically slow growth. It is also true, Dr. Madland, that real wages have not gone up in a very, very long time, which nobody can be happy about.    I have got 25 years in the Operating Engineers Union. I believe you are earnest in your perspective, but what bothers me about it, Dr. Madland, is so much of it is conjecture and subjective in its nature. I wonder, when you hear three other individuals say that these rules are burdensome and overcomplicated and are discouraging people from entering the marketplace--and of course, what you said is true, that there are more small businesses as a percentage of total government contracts, but it is also true that the number of distinct small businesses' actions has declined, and it is true that there are 100,000 less people.    You do not believe these other three panelists? Do you think they are wrong or they are somehow saying something that is completely designed for their own self-interests? Because I hear this every day from business that it is not just the fact that these regulations are out there but that they are not considered in the process. It is the cumulative effect of it all. I do not see people out there trying to--I mean, one-tenth of 1 percent, sure they are bad actors, but why should you hold Mr. Hoffman responsible for every general contractor or subcontractor beneath him which he may or may not have any control over? Frankly, as you said, I think Mr. Hoffman mentioned that those are known people that it is the government's job to keep track of.    This is not meant to be personal, but it is surprising to me that you can speak in such general terms about people and have very specific notions about overtime and new overtime rules and the 30-hour work week rule that even the Congressional Budget Office has said will cause up to 2 million people to leave their jobs. I am just interested.    Chairman HANNA. I do not disagree that that person said that about that, and I do not know of the Maryland study. I will take your word for it. But do you think that really that is generally the preponderance of regulations and rules that--I mean, I was in business for 35 years. Mr. Hardy was. There is a point that people who have been successful in their lives say it is not worth it anymore. It is just too damn much work to keep up with the government. I am going to walk away. We have a lot of evidence to that, anecdotal and real, 100,000 businesses fewer. They are not sitting here whining at you. They are saying to you we want to do business with the federal government. We appreciate the opportunity, but at some point you are breaking our back and it is not worth it.    I think that is the difference between the value system that you lay out which, one can prove individually yes or no, but that is what I hear, that we just kind of cannot take it anymore. Particularly, it strikes me that there is a point for a lot of people where they say, you know, I am out. It is not worth it. You are not worth it. The federal government is too complicated and too much in our face. I think that is a real concern.    My time is up. Thanks.    Chairman HANNA. Thank you, Chairman.    What I hear here is people who fundamentally agree with one another, but it is the preponderance and the lack of input that is given that is not adequate. In a national debate, it is really discouraging to hear both parties vilify small business in one way or another, because we both know the business of America is business and that is really where all the jobs come from and all the growth, the growth that we are not seeing right now.    You had a phrase, Dr. Madland, that you used, and I am not taking a position on it. I am wondering what you mean by the term ``wage theft.'' I can imagine what you mean by it, but I think what I see out there is people who feel put upon that in order to run a business well, you cannot have every outcome perfect. A lot of time in the government's pursuit of a perfect outcome, it actually does what that common phrase is, it kills the goose. That a certain amount of slippage, which you may regard as something wrong or illegal or immoral or unethical, is really part of, not that anyone on any case would approve it, but the ability of business to do business in an environment that is welcoming and not punitive, where they are not always feeling like they are probably, likely, on every given day doing something wrong, is also important. Businesses need to be let to do what it is they do best and government does not always have the best answer for that. It has the outcome it likes, but it does not get there necessarily in the right way.    The overtime rule. I have talked to a lot of people who have no problem with what the President has done other than they doubled it. I have spoken to a lot of businesses that say if you went to 35,000, we get it. I would be the first person to admit that there are companies out there that take advantage of that, just like Ms. Huneycutt talked about 1099s. There are companies that take advantage of the 1099 rule. You see that playing out in court, and I agree that is wrong because it denies benefits and keeps people out of a system that provides them with a decent lifestyle and hope for a decent--but what do you mean by ``wage theft?'' Do you feel as though businesses are bad somehow? I know you are going to say no, but what do you mean?    Chairman HANNA. But are there not laws that cover that in the State of Virginia? I mean, the minimum wage laws?    Chairman HANNA. I mean, she has recourse without the federal government getting involved in it.    Chairman HANNA. Okay. I accept that. I am sure it is true. I have no reason to believe otherwise. But how about the notion that one incident or a bunch of incidents would give you cause to react to affect thousands, if not millions, of businesses around the country so that the actual--and this is the common complaint--that the benefits of what you have done are real and positive, but yet they cost much, much more than they are worth and that the government does not really look at that?    Chairman HANNA. I am sorry. Go ahead. I do not mean to interrupt you.    Chairman HANNA. But you heard what Ms. Huneycutt said, that these recording requirements, which you say are a few hours, other people say are tens if not hundreds of hours, you do not have a good perspective on what it actually costs these businesses going forward, and that you are placing a disproportionate cost on tens of thousands of businesses without regard to that cost because of the outcome you desire, that perhaps that should be taken into account.    Chairman HANNA. It does not feel like you do.    Chairman HANNA. Losing a hundred thousand companies does not support that and does not support that notion. Also, the cost that we--excuse me, Mr. Hardy, just 1 second. Do you mind? The cost associated with it, I have never heard of anybody who would say to you it is 1 penny on a dollar. But with that I yield back. Thank you, Dr. Madland.