    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And welcome, Mr. Secretary. We are glad to have you with us today.    As Yogi Berra said, it is like deja vu all over again. This committee has examined and sounded the alarm on FHA and called for more responsible risk management for years, yet nothing seems to change.    Mr. Secretary, you described the trajectory of FHA as strong. I am afraid the enthusiasm you expressed isn't novel. We have heard and continue to hear that the outlook is rosy, that another bailout won't be needed. But I fear the trajectory of FHA is a downward one.    If a private company operated the way FHA operates, it would be shut down. FHA holds less than one-quarter of the capital it is statutorily required to hold in its Mutual Mortgage Insurance Fund (MMIF). The private industry has capital requirements too, but unlike FHA, which has a cap requirement of 2 percent, the requirement for private-sector mortgage insurers is 4 percent and will soon be going to 8 percent. Much of the capital FHA does hold has come from a taxpayer bailout and Justice Department settlements. I fear that has created a false sense of security surrounding the fiscal health of the agency.    In spite of all this, the agency has decided to lower mortgage insurance premiums. This policy change squeezes what could be a more robust private industry out of the market and increases taxpayer exposure. FHA keeps trying to grow its way out of the problem. That hasn't worked, and isn't going to work this time. FHA needs to return to its original mission and put in place sound tenets of underwriting to protect against future taxpayer bailouts.    Mr. Secretary, it is your job to make sure we aren't heading down the same dangerous road that we traveled during the financial crisis and leading up to the taxpayer bailout of FHA. Thank you for appearing today. I look forward to working with you on this and many other important issues facing your Department.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Secretary Castro, as a former bank examiner, one of the things that we would do when we went into a bank was look at the capital account, look at its activities, and if it was short on capital, we would look at its income stream and we would find ways to encourage the bank to increase its income, cut its expenses, reduce its liabilities. And it seems as though you are doing just the opposite of those things here with what you are doing.    For instance, what is you past-due ratio right now with your loan portfolio?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Mr. Castro, you are telling me that as Secretary of FHA, you don't know the past-due figure of your own book of business today?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Oh, my gosh. How can you tell me, then, anything with confidence today? Anything you say today with regards to income for your agency can be taken with a grain of salt.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Mr. Castro, if you look at your income stream and you take out the $1.7 billion that the taxpayers--who are the ultimate backstop on your agency, are they not?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. So the ultimate backstop, then, for your agency are the taxpayers, correct?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Who paid the last bill, Mr. Secretary? The last bill was paid by the taxpayers. So they are the ultimate backstop. You can't argue that.    And then we have a whole lot of other income to your agency. What is the net income this past year for your agency? And when I say ``net income,'' take out the settlements. What income did you actually--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. All right. What is the net figure? What is the net income figure for last year?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Seven percent. Okay.    Now, next question: What is your net income for 2014? Do you know yet?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Oh, my gosh. Okay. We have an income figure that we don't know for sure. And so how do we know, by cutting your revenue source 40 percent, that you are going to even be in the black this next year when you have a 7 percent past-due ratio?    What is the normal default rate on your past-dues? Do you know that?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Do you know what your default--do you know what the percentage number is?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Do you know what the default rate is? I know the numbers in your testimony; I saw them. But it is a percentage of the figure that you gave us. But I want to know what the figure--    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Ballpark figure. We are just talking ballpark.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. One percent, 2 percent, 10 percent of your past-dues are going to default totally?    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Okay. So, 10 percent of 7 percent, you are looking at seven-tenths of a percent of your portfolio is going to go south on you, roughly. So you are going to seven-tenths of a percent of your total portfolio.    If you do that, your net income, which we don't have a clue what it is today, isn't going to cover your losses if you take a 40 percent cut on your income. I'm sorry, it just doesn't compute.    Mr. Luetkemeyer. Mr. Castro, I am asking very simple questions here. If our bankers ever came in to examine the HUD, you would be on the problem-shop list, if not closed, tomorrow. You would be gone. Or you would have to recapitalize. This is totally unacceptable.    A question for you with regards to this. You don't price risk like a normal private-sector mortgage insurance company does. You just have a flat fee.    And I notice that--here it is. I saw a graph the other day of the private-sector mortgage insurance folks. And anything under--on a $250,000 home, a 30-year mortgage, 3\1/2\ percent past-due rate, anything under 680, they are upsidedown on this.    And you are competing with them for that business. So, basically, you are taking on--if they don't compete for the business, you are taking on the most risky part of the whole portfolio. Because they can't afford to insure it at that rate for which you are insuring it.