    Mr. Forbes. Good afternoon. Today, the subcommittee convenes to receive testimony on the fiscal year 2017 Air Force budget request, regarding bomber, tanker, and airlift acquisition programs. The distinguished panel of Air Force leaders testifying before us are Lieutenant General Mike Holmes, Air Force Deputy Chief of Staff for Strategic Plans and Requirements, and Lieutenant General Arnold W. Bunch, Jr., United States Air Force Military Deputy, Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition.    Gentlemen, we thank you both for your service to our country and for taking the time to be with us today. The fiscal year 2017 budget request for Air Force projection forces is a good step forward to support our national defense.    I am pleased to see continued investment in recapitalizing the aging bomber and air refueling fleets with the critically needed Long Range Strike Bomber , recently designated the B-21, and the KC-46A tanker.    The budget also takes some steps to modernize the legacy C-130H tactical airlift fleet. That said, I continue to be concerned about the ability of our military to properly provide for our Nation's defense at the proposed fiscal year 2017 budget levels.    As I and many of the members of this subcommittee indicated in a letter to the chairman of the Budget Committee, this year's budget request reduced investment in critical force structure and modernization programs by approximately $18 billion.    Specifically, I am concerned about the implications of delaying the incremental replacement of the C-130H fleet and the proposed reduction of 27 C-130s. The Air Force has previously assessed that there is moderate risk with reduced C-130 force structure, and another reduction further places our national security at even greater risk.    It seems to me that the budget request will result in a tactical airlift fleet that is smaller and older, a dangerous combination. The Air Force budget rollout indicated ``the Air Force is one of the smallest, busiest, and oldest and least ready fleets in our history.''    It is my firm conviction, in light of the higher-end threats posed by China, Russia, Iran, and North Korea, that the Air Force have the resources it needs to fully support--and if possible accelerate--critical recapitalization programs; to include purchasing additional aircraft with each dollar saved, if the war fighting requirements demand it.    With regards to bombers, last week the Air Force designated the Long Range Strike Bomber as the B-21 bomber. I fully support this critical program and am pleased to see that we are, once again, moving forward on this new platform, which will be needed for projecting power over long distances and into denied environments.    With regard to tankers, I am pleased to see that the KC-46A program appears to be on track after overcoming some initial setbacks and is continuing to execute a highly compressed test and certification schedule that has little room for error. I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this program, and whether or not the first 18 aircraft will be delivered in time to meet the August 2017 contract deadline.    Lastly, I am concerned that this budget fails to provide the resources needed to procure the avionics upgrades needed to ensure that the entire fleet of tankers, airlifters, and bombers are able to cooperate safely in compliance with the FAA mandated next-generation air traffic management standards by January 1, 2020.    The civilian aviation sector is rapidly moving toward compliance, and I am concerned that our military aircraft could be shut out of the airspace they need for transit and training.    In sum, while I am pleased that the Air Force fiscal year 2017 budget request makes up some lost ground over last year, I am concerned that the proposed budget forces the Air Force and its sister services to make false choices between capability, capacity, and safety, when the undeniable reality is that our military needs all of the above.    I firmly believe that what this subcommittee and the rest of Congress does about national defense and military readiness will be a defining issue. I firmly believe that we need a strong Air Force, equipped with the most capable aircraft that enable our men and women to carry out their missions effectively and safely.    To do this, we need leadership in national security. We need an unambiguous declaration that our national security is our preeminent responsibility.    Once again, I want to thank our witnesses for participating in our hearing this afternoon. And I look forward to discussing these important topics.    And, with that, I turn to my good friend and colleague, the ranking member of the subcommittee, Joe Courtney.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mr. Courtney.    And as we indicated at the beginning, we are delighted to have both of you here, and we are looking forward to your testimony. General Bunch, it is my understanding that you are going to go first. So we are looking forward to your remarks. And just so both of you know, we are going to put your written statement in the record in its entirety. So feel free to reference it any way that you may feel appropriate to do.    General Bunch. Thank you, Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, and other distinguished members for this opportunity to address the subcommittee. I greatly appreciate the work you do and the support you provide the warfighter in the United States Air Force.    General Holmes and I did prepare a joint statement, and you have submitted it. I will not go through that here. I will make a few opening remarks, and then I will turn it over to General Holmes.    We are here to discuss the fiscal year 2017 budget we submitted and some of the tough choices we made, as we finalized the budget. While the members of our Air Force are razor sharp, dependable, and ready as ever, we cannot say the same for many of our mainstay weapons systems.    The United States Air Force has, essentially, been in a wartime posture since 1991. This rate of deployment and constant readiness, spanning a quarter century, has taken its toll. You have heard the phrases used to describe our aircraft so many times that they almost become cliches.    Twenty-one aircraft fleets that would qualify for antique license plates in the State of Virginia, many pilots flying aircraft older than they are, and, in some cases, third-generation pilots flying the same aircraft as their grandfather flew.    In order to maintain an edge against our adversaries, as well as to reverse the trend of the increasing budget drain of operations and sustainment cost for these aging platforms, the Air Force must modernize.    The Air Force has several competing choices, as we continue to modernize and recapitalize our aging fleets, while ensuring an appropriate level of readiness to support today's conflicts. It is imperative we get this balance right to ensure we not only win today's fight, but also stand ready to address tomorrow's threats.    Our bomber, tanker, and mobility fleets are the lynchpins of the Air Force's ability to provide global reach and global power in support of the national military strategy and the combatant commanders.    Two of our top priority recapitalization efforts, B-21 and KC-46A, provide vital future modernized capabilities. We must keep these programs, as well as other modernization efforts, on track to deliver these capabilities. And we must execute all of these efforts in the most cost-effective manner possible, given the budget constraints we live within.    Again, I thank you for this opportunity to testify before the subcommittee, and I look forward to answering your questions. I will stop at this point and allow General Holmes to provide his comments.    Mr. Forbes. General Holmes, we welcome your remarks.    General Holmes. Thank you, Chairman Forbes, Ranking Member Courtney, ladies and gentlemen of the committee, and thank you for your continued support of the United States Air Force, our airmen, and their families.    My good friend, General Bunch, and I grew up about 45 minutes apart. And the people of east Tennessee are either very proud or very surprised to see us here in front of you today.    General Holmes. So thanks for giving us the opportunity.    Mr. Forbes. I am sure they are very proud.    General Holmes. So thanks for your continued support. To begin the discussion of our 2017 President's budget, it is important to frame the environment in which our decisions were made. Today's demand for Air Force capabilities continues to grow, as airmen provide America with unmatched global vigilance, global reach, and global power.    Airmen are engaged defending U.S. interests around the globe. Every day, approximately 200,000 airmen directly support combatant commander requirements in response to growing challenges created by an increasingly aggressive Russia, an increasingly capable China, an unpredictable North Korea, and the malign influence of Iran, all in addition to the ever-present counterterrorism mission in the Middle East and around the world.    While our forces have been heavily engaged in deterring or addressing these operational challenges, our adversaries have taken the opportunity to invest in and advance their own capabilities.    For the first time in decades, our adversaries are closing in on our capability advantages. Our efforts to address these increasing challenges have been stymied by reduced and unpredictable budgets.    The limited resources available, since the Budget Control Act of 2011, have hampered our ability to balance readiness, capability, and capacity. The 2017 President's budget trades modernization in the Air Force, particularly F-35 production rate and fourth-generation fighter modifications, but also some C-130J procurement, to sustain the capacity necessary to meet the combatant commanders' urgent needs for air, space, and cyber forces and begin recovering readiness levels after 25 years of continuous combat.    And while we are very grateful for the additional resources the Bipartisan Budget Act provides compared to Budget Control Act caps, we continue to face difficult choices between capacity, readiness, and modernization.    This President's budget works to make every BBA dollar count, by aligning our force structure with Defense Strategic Guidance and making down payments on the Air Force's 30-year strategy, ensuring a credible nuclear deterrent and beginning the recapitalization of our aging nuclear force structure, advancing space and cyber capabilities, maintaining the conventional force capacity required to support current operations, increasing our end strength to begin addressing key personnel shortfalls, and investing in the research and development required to regain our capability advantage in the future.    We continue to fund our top three procurement programs, the B-21, the KC-46A tanker, and the F-35 fifth-generation fighter, although, as I said, we were unable to procure F-35s at previously planned rates.    Together, our nuclear and conventional bombers, in concert with our tanker and mobility aircraft, ensure the global reach and global power required to provide effective deterrents. But both our bomber and mobility fleets are aging, as General Bunch said.    And, in fact, the average age of the B-52 strategic bomber and the KC-135 tanker make them both about as old as I am. And my staff pointed out that I qualified for AARP membership several years ago.    To that end, this budget funds nearly $20 billion across the FYDP for procurement and $4.2 billion across the FYDP in research, development, and technology for our mobility force.    To support our bomber force, it funds $2.3 billion across the FYDP for procurement, and $16.2 billion across the FYDP in research, development, and technology, with most of that $16.2 billion going into the B-21 program in its early years.    We will continue to invest in and recapitalize these important aircraft. However, we need your support in the form of stable and predictable budgets, if we are going to build the Air Force that ensures the joint force can continue to deter, deny, and decisively defeat any enemy that threatens the United States or our national interests.    Any return to sequestration-level funding will force us to chase short-term requirements at the expense of long-term strategic planning, modernization, and readiness. And our budget problems will only get worse between now and the end of this 5-year plan.    As Deputy Secretary of Defense Work said this week, the Department will need about $18 billion a year between 2021 and 2035 for nuclear modernization. And that comes at the same time as a huge bow wave of spending required to recapitalize our conventional ships and aircraft.    We look forward to working with you in the years to come to find a solution to that shortfall. We thank you for your kind attention and continued support of our Air Force. And, along with General Bunch, I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Forbes. General Holmes, thank you.    And, General Bunch, we appreciate your testimony, as well.    We had the Navy testify and present their 2017 budget to us just a short while ago. And we asked them a question we are going to ask you both now. Is this a budget whereby you looked at the threats around the globe and said this is the budget we need to defend and protect the United States from those threats, or is this a budget where you looked at the dollars you had been allocated and said, this is the best resources or the best utilization of the dollars we have been allocated?    The Navy answered that it was the latter. If we pose that question to you, what would your response be to that?    General Holmes. Thank you, Chairman Forbes. I would say our budget was driven by strategy, but it is budget constrained. We had to make hard choices within the programs that our strategy would drive.    We balanced capacity, capability, and readiness, but, as I spoke, we traded capability to maintain the capacity required for today's threats and to try to move out to regain the readiness that we have given up in 25 years of combat. So it is based on strategy, but it is certainly influenced by the budget limits.    Mr. Forbes. Outside experts, General Holmes, have said that the Air Force needs to buy 170 to 200 new bombers, whereas the Air Force says it is planning to purchase only 100 of the next-generation B-21 stealth aircraft.    What risk does the Nation bear if Congress supports the current program of record? Is 100 Long Range Strike Bombers a COCOM requirement, needed to fulfill operational plans, or is it a budget-driven affordable number?    General Holmes. Thank you, Chairman Forbes. You know, our current bomber fleet is just over 150 bombers of the 3 types, of which 96 of those are combat coded. Historically, as the Air Force has looked over the last decade or so at what our numbers should be for the bomber force, we usually end up with a number of between 150 and 200.    And, last week, General Rand spoke of needing somewhere between 170 and 200 bombers total in the fleet. The fleet size of 100 B-21s is appropriate and ensures sustained high-end conventional operations, while also supporting the nuclear triad.    And it is underpinned by extensive analysis and conversations with the COCOMs to make sure that the B-21 fleet will have sufficient numbers to provide the weapons and sensors at range, which are the hard part for us in anti-access and area denial environments.    You have to have enough airplanes to be able to keep enough forward to be able to make a difference. And we think 100 is the right number there. But we also know that our future fleet will be composed of B-21s and some portion of our legacy fleet for quite a while to come. And we will have time to readdress exactly what that right number is, whether it would be additional B-21s or whether it would be some other platform at the end of that buy. Thank you.    Mr. Forbes. So, based on your earlier response that this budget was budget constrained, your response would be that this 100 number is not based upon budget restraints, but rather it is driven by strategy and our COCOM requirements?    General Holmes. Yes, sir. I believe this number is. But to serve the country well into the future, we also need an appropriate fleet size that won't fiscally overcommit the Air Force within all the other requirements that we have to meet.    So the 100 was our requirement. And, again, we will have to take a look at it in the years to come and see if that requirement changes.    Mr. Forbes. Okay. For both of you gentlemen, DOD released a report in June 2015 entitled, ``Plan for Modernization or Replacement of Digital Avionic Equipment.'' The report shows that the Air Force, unlike the Navy and the Army, has not made the investments needed to ensure its aircraft meet the FAA January 1, 2020, ADS-B mandate.    Why is this the case? And how does the Air Force intend to operate after January 1, 2020? If FAA does not provide a waiver to their mandate, what are the fiscal and operational implications for expediting compliance?    General Holmes. Thanks, again, Mr. Chairman. So, if you look at the Air Force budget since 2012, right after the passage of the BCA, if you compare our budget to the 2012 President's budget, we have lost about $70 billion in buying power. If you compare it to the enacted 2012 budget and the totals that were predicted at that point, we have lost about $40 billion in buying power.    So when we had to find a place to absorb that $40 billion, we looked at this bill. The total bill for the Department is estimated at about $5.6 billion to equip all DOD aircraft with the required equipment.    The Air Force's portion of that bill is approximately $4.4 billion, so the lion's share of that bill. And, right now, we are about $1.2 billion difference in between what we need to accomplish the mandate and what we have committed in our budget.    We have prioritized the airplanes that will be in the densest airspace first. So we prioritized our efforts in our mobility aircraft, and we won't make 100 percent of that requirement by 2020, but with your help, we were able to get to the C-130Hs. And we will work through those airplanes at the front end of the package.    Some of our airplanes, there may not be a cost-affordable solution to implement it, things like the F-22. And we will have to accept some risk in being able to use the most crowded part of national or international airspace.    But the DOD made clear, when the FAA passed the rule, that we would need some kind of accommodation. And, although the FAA didn't apply a specific DOD waiver, the rule does provide for procedures for an aircraft that doesn't meet the ADS-B Out performance requirements to obtain an authorized deviation to operate in that airspace.    So we will be able to operate. We will be able to go where the Nation needs us to go. But we will be accepting some risk and delays, or in extra fuel in some of the densest airspace.    Mr. Forbes. Does the Department of Defense need a waiver?    General Holmes. We have begun to work that process with the FAA. The first waiver we provided was for the F-22, and we expect that we will need, at least, some kind of memorandum of agreement with the FAA prior to 2020.    Mr. Forbes. And, again, if you would explain for the subcommittee exactly what happens if you don't get that waiver? And, for the planes that are not compliant, what would they have to do? What would that mean?    General Holmes. So if there is primary radar in that area, Mr. Chairman, my understanding is that the FAA will have the ability to work to bring our airplanes through that area. As the FAA shifts to new technology to monitor, there may be be some areas that don't have primary radar. And, in those cases, controllers, based on their workload, will make adjustments to sequence us through.    As we work through our C-130 upgrade plan, we were, fortunately, able to accelerate Increment 1 to where we will get all of those C-130Hs upgraded. And, as we work through the rest of our fleets, we will prioritize the ones that are in the busiest traffic areas in the United States that would face the most limitation.    But we currently have parts of our fleet that don't meet all of the FAA requirements to operate in portions of the airspace. For example, our fighter fleet, the F-15 that I last flew, you can't get above a certain altitude in FAA airspace. You can't file a flight plan above it, but controllers will work you above it.    And, so, we accept some delay, and we accept some higher fuel cost to be able to move airplanes. But we will be able to move the airplanes where we need to go to serve the country, but with some delay and with some higher fuel costs, if we have to drive around an area to get where we need to go.    Mr. Forbes. My last question, the administration has proposed to reduce the overall inventory of C-130s by another 27 aircraft and has proposed to delay the planned recapitalization of the C-130 fleet. Previously, the Air Force indicated that they had moderate risk in tactical airlift capacity.    In my estimation, the budget request will make our tactical airlift fleet smaller and older. Can you provide an assessment of how the Air Force intends to support, with tactical airlift, if Congress adopts the budget proposals? Could you, General, hit your mic?    General Holmes. I apologize. Thank you.    Mr. Forbes. We all do that.    General Holmes. Well, thank you, sir, for your patience. In 2016, we brought a plan forward that would reduce our C-130 fleet down to a combined size of 300. It takes place over time, about eight airplanes a year, as we work through this plan.    The mission capabilities assessment study that was conducted by the Department says that we need 248 C-130s to meet the warfighting need. And, then, they estimated somewhere between 20 and 70 aircraft above that. So that would be somewhere between about 270 or 320.    We believe the position of 300 is a good position in that risk. And they estimated those extra requirements would be required to do support for civil authorities or other things required outside of the war plans, in a worst-case scenario.    We estimate that that 300 is a good balance in risk, if you compare it to the risk that we are taking in other fleets and across the other parts of the Air Force. And we think a fleet of 275 strategic airlifters built into 479 tankers and 300 tactical airlifters will ensure that we will be able to meet the Nation's mobility needs by making use of that entire fleet.    Mr. Forbes. Thank you. Mr. Courtney is recognized for any questions he may have.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady from Missouri, Mrs. Hartzler, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. And, General, can I just make sure we have corrected, or that you have an opportunity to correct if necessary. You said the program was fully funded. It is my understanding that the AMP 1 program is partially funded and the AMP 2 program is not funded through the FYDP. Am I incorrect on that?    General Holmes. Sir, I believe that the AMP Inc 1 is completely funded, at last in 2017 and out. We may have to come back and talk about moving some 2016 dollars, but I believe Inc 1 is completely funded.    Inc 2 is funded within this FYDP. And in the 20-year plan that I am responsible to build for the Air Force, we have the money laid out beyond the FYDP to get us through that 2028 date, which is outside of this FYDP.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady from Guam is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Graham, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. The gentleman from Washington, Mr. Larsen, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Forbes. Gentleman, thank you. We just have a couple more questions. Then we are going to let you put anything you want on the record to clarify what you have said.    Mr. Larsen was talking about the KC-46A, and you have heard that you feel that that time period will be met to deliver 18 of those by August of 2017. What happens if they are not?    General Bunch. If Boeing is unable to make that contractual date, then we will go into discussions with them for consideration. And, by consideration, I mean things that we, the Air Force, may want that we do not have in the contract today, that we would negotiate with them what we would get for any of the delays that occurred.    Mr. Forbes. Okay. And when you negotiate with them, what is the leverage? Obviously, they will say they don't want to give anything. What is the leverage to determine how that is resolved?    General Bunch. Sir, we have used consideration already in a lot of different areas. It is the teamwork and the discussion about how we are going forward. So----    Mr. Forbes. And it seems to work?    General Bunch . We have successfully done this before.    Mr. Forbes. Good. The last question, and this is not directed to you two. This is something we are going to start for the committee, as a whole, based on some information we were given at a retreat that the Armed Services Committee had last week.    The written statements that you have both submitted to us, as I mentioned, are going to be put in the record. Did you have to submit those written statements to anyone for approval prior to coming here today?    General Bunch. We did.    Mr. Forbes. Who do you have to submit them to?    General Bunch. We submit them to OMB for review. They do a policy review, and then it goes to OMB.    Mr. Forbes. Were any changes made between the original statements that you submitted and the statement that was ultimately submitted to the record?    General Bunch. I am not aware of any changes that were made----    General Holmes. I am not aware of any, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Forbes. Were you given any instructions as to what you could not say to this committee?    General Bunch. No, sir.    Mr. Forbes. And, General Holmes, same for you. And, again, this is not directed to you two. We are going to start doing it to everybody who testifies before our committee. The final thing that I would ask you is this.    In your individual best professional military judgment, following up on something that Ms. Graham asked you, if you were submitting this budget, and if your sole priority was doing what was in the best interest of the national security of this country, both today and over the next 5 years, and you were not constrained by the budget numbers you currently have, what changes would you make?    General Holmes. So, Mr. Chairman, thank you for that question. As, you know, almost 35 years in the Air Force, my experience is that I think there are two main things that an independent Air Force provides for a nation.    The first is its portion of a safe, secure, reliable nuclear deterrent. And our Air Force provides what we call three of the four legs of the triad. You know, we provide the air leg, the ground leg, plus the command and control leg, in most of that.    And I believe this budget makes the right investments for this FYDP, in that nuclear, but we are going to have problems again beginning in 2021, primarily for the Navy, and in 2022 for the Air Force, on how we afford that, along with our conventional forces.    On the conventional side, the next thing that an independent Air Force does for a nation, is it provides freedom of action in the air that makes all joint force operations possible, by controlling the air and space.    And I believe that that is the area that we have given up the most of our capability advantage over the last 20 years, over potential adversaries, is in that air superiority mission that provides freedom of maneuver for the joint force.    And I believe our Nation is going to have to make a continued investment there to regain that capability, or we put all the capabilities of the joint force at risk.    Mr. Forbes. And how would you have changed that in the budget to accomplish that goal?    General Holmes. So, in this budget, Mr. Chairman, I would say our options are pretty limited. We made a national decision to curtail the F-22 program. I think it is too late to reverse that decision. We are down to 120 combat-coded F-22s.    And our F-15C fleet, we know in the last year we have learned that they are going to require major structural modification to continue to fly. And, so, we will put some money into the longeron part of that.    There is two parts, to make the story short, longerons that we can replace in depot, and then fuselage bulkheads that will be cost prohibitive to do. So we have invested in this FYDP things we needed to do to keep the F-22's edge, but we need to move, I think, as fast as we can, as a nation, into some follow-on for the F-15, first, and for the F-22, eventually.    We are finishing up a study we call ``Air Superiority 2030,'' that we have briefed out the first version to our chief of staff yesterday. And we think that will provide a roadmap for us that we can come back and talk to you next year about where we should invest, to make sure that we guarantee that edge that our Nation depends on.    Mr. Forbes. General Bunch, again, in your best professional military judgment, is there anything you would have changed in this budget, if you were looking strictly at the national security interest of the country, and you weren't constrained by the budget numbers you were given?    General Bunch. Chairman Forbes, thank you for that question, sir. I agree with ``Mobile's'' assessment of the triad. We have made the right investments now. That is one that is coming from an acquisition perspective, that the costs beyond this FYDP that we, as a nation, are going to have to decide what we are going to do.    So that is one that we are going to need everybody's attention on. So we will just lay that out there, but I believe we made the right investments during this FYDP in those areas. The other one I will go back to is one of the things that General Holmes talked about was the cost of some of the legacy fighters and some of the inventory. The quicker we get the F-35 in the field, the better off we are going to be in those areas. And that is one that would help us.    I am happy with the support we have gotten on the Long Range Strike Bomber and that modernization roadmap. The big programs are all going, are all getting great support from all parties. But it is some of the F-35 and some of those decisions that will drive impacts to the legacy fleet that we need to watch out for.    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Courtney and I appreciate you being here. We would like to extend to you now an opportunity for any comments that either of you would like to put on the record, clarification of anything you have said, things we have left out, whatever you think might be important for this record.    General Holmes, we will recognize you first, and then General Bunch.    General Holmes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and, again, Ranking Member Courtney. We are appreciative of the chance just to come and talk in front of you. We are appreciative of your leadership.    Ranking Member Courtney, you talked about the Air Force working to get a solution to the C-130Hs. That would not have been possible without the leadership of you, Chairman Forbes, and you, Ranking Member Courtney.    We look forward to continuing to work with you. I don't have any corrections. For the record, we have some questions that we will take to respond to you and to the members. And we thank you for the opportunity to be here.    Mr. Forbes. General Bunch.    General Bunch. And, Mr. Chairman and Congressman Courtney, thank you very much, for allowing and for your support. We greatly appreciate it, and we appreciate the questions today. I am glad we got the chance to talk about the B-21, and the way we are going forward, and the KC-46. Those are highlights for us, as an Air Force, as we move forward to modernize and recapitalize.    And I have nothing that I believe I need to correct for the record. And we do have some actions or questions that we will take back to answer. And we appreciate your continued support.    Mr. Forbes. For that, we thank you both for being here, for your service, again, to the country. And with that, Mr. Courtney, we are adjourned.