    Mr. Knight. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    You know, competition is part of life. I think that America has led in this endeavor for many, many years. But there's so much that is going on right now with the technological advances that are happening today. There are so many things that we can do.    Back in the early 1960s, we were trying to go to the Moon because I do believe it was part of the competition. We also had many programs that were going on in the early 1960s like maybe the X-20 Dinosaur program that would've been the first space shuttle, and we decided not to do that. We decided to go to the Moon, and which is the goal that everyone looks to today.    But the point is, is we always have an awful lot of things that are happening, and I think the Chinese are now discovering that maybe if they put their goals on some finite situations, they might be able to beat us at certain things so we broke the sound barrier first, we were on the Moon first. We did all of these things first, and they might be able to do some of these finite goals and we might be looking at a hundred different goals.    So is that what we're kind of looking at today that competitively, look, we want to be on Mars first, we want to do this first, or are we looking at the expanse of space exploration and achieving some of these goals for a much bigger product, a much bigger program?    Mr. Knight. And I'll jump in just real quick. I want to thank the Chairman for talking about one of the programs that's in my district, the SOFIA program, that is an American-German kind of connection there that we have a telescope that goes into space and goes above the water vapors and we can do that type of exploration on a daily basis and change the technology on a daily basis. Is that something that we should be better having and having better connections with other countries that can help us, not just with money but with technology, with all of the things that we're looking at to advance and maybe advancing with a connection to other countries and saying this is what we're trying to get to. Mr. Cheng, go ahead.    Mr. Knight. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.