    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Today, we are again devoting time to what the majority calls sanctuary cities. It is ironic that my Republican colleagues today argue against local policies in favor of a top-down mandate from Washington. It is a question why the majority believes that it knows better than several hundred State and local police departments across the country that have embraced community trust policing policies precisely because they believe that approach makes us all safer. And for the Republicans to question the need for good community policing approaches at this moment, when reports of tragic police shootings dominate the news, seems nonsensical.    The fact is we could have addressed the Republican concerns with sanctuary cities and many other immigration matters if we had devoted time spent on polemics and diversions instead of to fixing our broken immigration system through comprehensive reform.    When it comes to so-called sanctuary cities, this is what Richard Biehl, the police chief of Dayton, Ohio, not a place many think of as a sanctuary city, said over a year ago, when he testified before the Judiciary Committee, ``These policies allow us to focus our limited resources on our primary mission, crime solving and community safety. They also send a message that victims of violent crime, human trafficking, and other crime should never be afraid to reach out for help due to fear of the immigration consequences.''    I note that in the Department of Justice report investigating the New Orleans Police Department dated March 16, 2011, it said, ``Minority groups nearly uniformly said that the police rarely reach out to them for any purpose.'' One member of a Vietnamese community organization reported that, ``A lot of young Vietnamese people who get shot in this community, we know who shot them, but the New Orleans police won't do anything. They don't talk to us. They don't build community relationships.''    I agree with Chief Biehl, and I know from my experience as a county supervisor and Member of Congress that law enforcement and local officials can work cooperatively with community groups and the Federal Government to come to a consensus position that preserves community policing and prioritizes serious criminals for immigration enforcement and removal.    I also agree with Secretary Johnson's prior statements to this Committee that imposing Federal mandates on local law enforcement by withholding funds would be a huge setback in efforts to improve the relationship between DHS, State, and local law enforcement, and communities around the country.    With respect to New Orleans, the context, like most things in the Big Easy, is a little bit different. Upon taking office, Mayor Landrieu requested the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division engage in a review of the police department. He recognized that a history of civil rights violations by the New Orleans Police Department had undermined trust with the community and reform was necessary.    Of course, the vast majority of New Orleans Police Department officers honestly and conscientiously performed and continued to perform their duties. But I hope that my Republican colleagues are not here to defend the actions of a few that caused such great harm over the years in New Orleans.    The history of abuse by the department has been well documented. The facts are incontrovertible. Under Mayor Landrieu and Superintendent of Police Michael Harrison with the support of the Department of Justice and working with the local community, New Orleans entered into a consent decree and has adopted a bias-free policing policy. The policy ensures that immigrants can report crimes and serve as witnesses without retribution. It also makes clear that information regarding the citizenship and immigration status will be shared with Federal immigration authorities when required by Federal or State law.    Out of an abundance of caution, New Orleans has been working with the Justice Department to revise this language to guarantee its compliance with applicable Federal laws. We now have this revised policy in place. These policies, while not self-identified as sanctuary city polices, are examples of smart, effective community policing tailored by and for the communities in New Orleans.    Many are hopeful that this hard work, done collaboratively with the department and community groups, sets New Orleans on a path to safer streets and better police relations with citizens of all backgrounds. But here comes the Republican Congress to the rescue. They are questioning the legality of a policy that has already been revised to ensure that it is in compliance with Federal law.    Members who have had nothing to do with New Orleans are here to tell the local police and civil leaders how to do their job, even though the New Orleans Police Department says the Republican approach will undermine public safety and make their jobs harder. They are pursuing a line of argument that jeopardizes critical funding, which supports public safety, community policing, and crimes victims services.    With all due respect, I say to my colleagues on the other side of the aisle: let's let local law enforcement and the elected officials in city government do their job, and we should focus on ours. In this Congress, we have gone to the floor to vote on bills to deport DREAMers, to deport the parents of U.S. citizens, to deport vulnerable children fleeing persecution and sex trafficking, and to halt refugee processing amidst the civil war in Syria that has displaced millions.    Thankfully, these proposals have ultimately gone nowhere, but we had the votes to pass comprehensive immigration in the last Congress. The bipartisan bill passed in 2013 would not only have grown our economy, help to shrink our budget deficit; it would have made our communities safer. Bringing people out of shadows and putting them on a path to citizenship would have further enhanced public safety.    If the Republican leadership had given comprehensive immigration reform the same opportunity for a vote that all of these other measures have received, it would be the law today. So let's do the people's business, work to pass immigration reform, and I thank the Chairman.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Gupta, I understand that in 2005, the civil rights division was involved in investigating New Orleans policy abuse and misconduct in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Can you talk briefly about the acts of abuse your division uncovered as a result of that investigation?    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you.    We are pleased to be joined today by a Member of the full Judiciary Committee, who is not a Member of the Subcommittee, and that is Mr. Richmond, who also represents New Orleans, and so I would like to yield the remainder of my time to him so that he might ask a question since this is his territory.