    Mr. Wisner. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee. I am Chris Wisner, the Assistant Commissioner for Leasing at the General Services Administration's Public Buildings Service. I appreciate being invited here today to discuss GSA's efforts to provide cost effective leased space for our partner Federal agencies.    GSA's mission is to provide the best value in real estate to Government and to the American taxpayer. We currently have an inventory of 376 million square feet of space. Approximately half of that is leased, accounting for more than 8,300 leases across the country.    We seek to provide space for our partner Federal agencies and assist them in achieving their missions while best serving the public interest. As a part of the administration's management agenda, GSA prioritizes finding ways to maximize utilization of the existing federally owned inventory, including reducing the number of leases we hold in our portfolio. By dramatically improving utilization of our current inventory, we have saved millions of dollars for our partner Federal agencies and the general public.    GSA works closely with OMB to help implement the national strategy for the efficient use of real property, and the two agencies have been key coordinators of Freeze the Footprint and the current Reduce the Footprint initiatives. GSA is implementing Reduce the Footprint by helping other Federal agencies increase their office space utilization and minimize cost, including thoroughly implementing innovative workplace strategies.    One example of GSA's efforts is the Department of Homeland Security consolidation at St. Elizabeths due to be completed in 2021. The first phase of the project completed in 2013 consolidated the United States Coast Guard Headquarters at the St. Elizabeths campus. As a result, GSA was able to vacate several leases totaling nearly 1 million square feet.    When all three phases of the consolidation are completed, approximately 40 leases will be consolidated on the federally owned campus resulting in over $1 billion in savings.    GSA leasing support services contract, or GLS, continues to be a workforce multiplier and is a critical part of GSA's strategy in delivering space. This past September GSA awarded nine GLS contracts across the country, including two to two small businesses.    We anticipate GLS to be used for approximately 30 to 40 million square feet of our inventory, equating to approximately $100 million in rent cost avoidance to our partner Federal agencies.    GSA's goal for the leasing program is to make it easier for the real estate industry to do business with the Federal Government, for GSA to deliver space quicker to our Federal customer agencies, and for GSA to secure competitive lease rates.    GSA uses a comprehensive, deliberative process that ensures full competition and fair rental rates for the taxpayer, while taking into account such public interest as proximity to central business districts and public transportation and supporting the mission requirements of GSA partners.    In an effort to improve the delivery of leased space in 2015, GSA rolled out is online offered portal known as the Automated Advanced Acquisition Program, or AAAP, in all U.S. markets. The goal for the platform is to make it easier for the real estate industry to do business with the Federal Government, for GSA to deliver space quicker to its Federal customer agencies, and for GSA to receive competitive rates.    AAAP's paperless, online offered submission process enables the Government to establish this goal. Since its inception in the GSA national capital region in 2005, the AAAP has conducted over lease transactions totaling over 4 million square feet and over $1.7 billion in total contract value.    Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee, we strive to meet our customers' requirements in an efficient and transparent manner and are committed to reducing cost. Thank you for the opportunity to testify before you today. I will be happy to answer any questions.    Mr. Wisner. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Wisner. Sir, where we are the sole lease tenant, on average we are in the building between 26 and 27 years.    Mr. Wisner. My own personal information on these is Canada and Japan and England often own their Federal facilities.    Mr. Wisner. Sir, each deal would need to be evaluated specifically, but it is my experience that when you are negotiating in the initial prior to award, purchase options can be built into leases. They are a point of negotiation.    We in the past have traded purchase options for free rent. We have traded purchase options for other things. So kind of all things being equal, it is what is important to the individual that you are negotiating against, what their financial requirements are, and what their institutions behind the lease want.    So if they are a long-term hold organization, they may not be as interested in a purchase option. If they are looking at a potential get GSA or get the Federal Government as a tenant and then sell the building, a purchase option may be of no consequence to them.    So every deal is specific, but my experience is that you can put purchase options on the table, yes.    Mr. Wisner. Yes, sir.    Mr. Wisner. Sir, scoring is not in my purview.    Mr. Wisner. However, I can tell you that there must be an evaluation of the entire deal. So when we look at the deal, it is the value of the rent and whatever the purchase option is at the end, and it could score as a capital lease for us.    Mr. Wisner. I can take part of that answer from the GSA side. So the Veterans Administration has come to GSA for delegation of authority. We are using our authority to assist them in the acquisition of leased space for these requirements.    I am not familiar with the one in Florida, but we have approved a significant number of leases and lease actions with the Veterans Administration. They have done a lot of work to centralize their real estate program, and we have seen a significant amount of improvement over the couple of years that I have been involved with them.    Mr. Wisner. Excuse me, sir. So we work with tenant agencies on their program requirements, and many of the tenant agencies have submitted the reduced footprint plans to OMB. They oftentimes have already set their space requirements, which is a really good way to enter into the program.    Sometimes we work with a customer agency who has not established their utilization rates or are in the process of establishing their utilization rates, and that is where we use the recommended square footage utilization that GSA has in place.    So we work with our customer agencies. We have units around the country that are workplace strategists. Their job is to help more efficiently plan the space, look for the most efficient ways to plan space, look for shares space, look for all opportunities with before we go to the market and run a competition.    So the goal is to get the program requirements locked in at a utilization rate that is significantly improved over where they are currently and get to the 150 square foot GSA standard that we are looking at, but we have many agencies that are below the 150 square foot standard right now.    Mr. Wisner. Yes, sir. Internally we have established a policy for longer term leases. The goal here is 10-year leases or longer. Exceptions to a 10-year deal must be escalated through our management program.    So I have policies in place and I have approvals in place. We are executing longer term leases in markets where it does make sense, and that revolves around escalating markets, markets there were are opportunities to lock in now.    The second part of your question, excuse me. Do you mind repeating it?    Mr. Wisner. The broker?    Mr. Wisner. Yes, sir. So we established a new broker contract in September of this last year. We have nine new brokers across the country. We split the country into zones so we could give an opportunity for small businesses to compete on that contract.    The required tasking and measure within GSA is 50 percent of all of our leases that are commissionable events will be tasked to the broker contract. We have currently met our minimum obligation under the contract this year. We will continue to do that tasking. This contract runs for 5 years, and it is my expectation we will continue to task at that rate.    So the goal is 50 percent of all of our leases that are commissionable events will go to the brokers.    Mr. Wisner. Yes, Ms. Norton. Thank you for the question.    GSA is happy to partner with our customer agencies and agencies that have their own leasing authority to provide expertise on market rates, to provide expertise on construction build-out and other things.    I am not familiar with the particular project that you are talking about because it is construction, but we are happy and willing to work with any agency out there.    On expertise, I would suggest that if we are using GSA authority, they must follow GSA regulations. We are the experts in real estate and that is our core mission. So this is the job of GSA or one of the jobs of GSA.    We are happy to support other real estate programs or other leasing organizations. We are also happy to work----    Mr. Wisner. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wisner. There is not guidance to use GSA. However, there are leasing----    Mr. Wisner. Available to the public and available online----    Mr. Wisner. Available to the public and available online are all of our leasing desk guides and our pricing policy guidance, yes, ma'am.    Mr. Wisner. Thank you, Ms. Norton.    So I will address the facts to start off with. We have reduced the number of holdovers by at least 50 percent in our portfolio. We are down to around 50 holdovers total. That does vary. It goes up a bit, and every month we watch it diligently.    Mr. Wisner. I expect it to be lower than that. The internal goal for holdovers is zero. So we do have puts and takes in that list. We calculate number of months in holdover, which is extremely critical for us. That being said, a short-term holdover, 1 or 2 months to get us through a negotiation as opposed to an 18-month holdover where we are at a standstill. We are focused on the long-term holdovers, the critical issues around that. So we are focused around that as a metric across our entire portfolio.    As far as extensions, we have reduced the number of extensions that we have in place currently and led by our commissioner, every action that we have as far as an expiring lease will have a plan 3 years prior to its expiration. We will be reaching out to the customer agencies to put a replacement competitive action in place for each of those projects that we are currently considered.    We have increased the number of long-term solutions. I believe we are up to about 83 percent of all of our portfolio has long-term solutions in place or have long-term planning in place.    Mr. Wisner. Long-term solutions means that we will have a competitive action that takes us to a new procurement that leads us to a longer term solution in the market. So it may be a 5-year solution in some cases where we only want to occupy the space for 5 years. It may be a 10-year firm solution or it may be even longer up to the level of our scoring requirements, but not to exceed.    So we have a very good plan in place, a very robust plan in place, and I am happy to share the documents with you.    Mr. Wisner. No, ma'am. I think this actually helps us. We work with customer agencies which can often be a protracted period of time to work on reducing the square footage, but overall we are reducing the amount of leases that we have in our portfolio. It has gone down. We have reduced the amount of square footage that we have in our portfolio now.    That is reducing the stay in place option with customers. We must run a procurement. We must run a competitive procurement, and that oftentimes with the new square footage reduction drives us to new facilities or drives existing lessors to reduce the amount of square footage that they are offering to us.    So it is not precluding staying in place, but there is a competitive action that drives down the square footage and potentially can drive down cost or at least control cost.