    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Chairman Gibbs, for today's hearing on the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, and thus providing the subcommittee with a chance to review the progress made in the restoration of one of our Nation's greatest resources, the Great Lakes.    Welcome to our witnesses and I look forward to hearing your testimony and to engaging dialogue on this very successful program.    The Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, known as GLRI, was organized in 2010 to coordinate the multitude of efforts already underway to protect and restore the Great Lakes, the world's largest system of fresh surface water and the source of drinking water for over 40 million Americans.    As we can imagine, the economic importance of the Great Lakes to the country cannot be overstated. The 4.3 million recreational boats registered in the Great Lakes alone create nearly $16 billion in economic activities each year. That supports 107,000 jobs annually.    Specifically, the program was created to clean up toxins and address areas of concern, combat invasive species, of which I am very interested in how you combat the quagga mussel issue because that's California's biggest issue and some of the Western States; to protect watersheds from pollutant latent runoff; restore wetlands and track progress; education, especially on invasive species, I think; and collaboration with strategic partners, including State and local governments and other stakeholders.    During the first 5 years of this program, $1.68 billion of Federal funding was allocated to over 2,100 projects that were implemented to improve water quality, control or eradicate harmful, invasive species, and restore valuable ecosystems.    In that time and because of Federal support, the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative has enjoyed the following accomplishments:    Five areas of concern have been removed from the list of contaminated areas.    Forty-two beneficial use impairments in 17 areas of concern were removed.    Target level control populations have been reached for multiple invasive species, including the bighead carp, sea lamprey, and emerald ash borer. Interesting.    Federal and State local partners increased the number of acres of farmland enrolled in agricultural conservation programs in priority watersheds by more than 80 percent.    More than 100,000 acres of wetlands and 48,000 acres of coastal, upland and island habitat are now protected.    While much more work remains to be done, these are demonstrable successes, and I commend today's witnesses for their dedication to the success of this program.    In September 2013, GAO released a report recommending EPA develop a more comprehensive and useful progress assessment tool for demonstrating the program's accomplishment. Understand that we look at some of these things, and we want to understand it and not have to ask questions about what does it mean.    GAO found that the GLRI monitoring system at the time may have been deficient, but also found as GAO and others have noted that quantifying overall restoration progress in the Great Lakes is a very difficult task and that it's often impossible to link specific environmental changes to specific programs or projects, which some are long term.    Again, earlier this year the GAO concluded an extensive study of the use of these funds. It examined the amount of the funds available for projects and processes used by GLRI to identify projects and the GLRI's reporting tools.    I am very pleased to say that EPA took action to address--thank you very much--the recommendations made by the draft GAO report prior to the release of the report and, in doing so, established a new system for entering data and created new data control methods.    Having undertaken these efforts, EPA and its partners will be better able to track and demonstrate the success of the program.    So in the 5 short years since this program's inception, communities throughout the Great Lakes region have enjoyed measurable results that have made a difference in the lives of their citizens and their economy.    One might ask what has made the difference, and to answer this question, I point to the GAO report published in September 2004, which found that the lack of clearly defined organizational leadership posed a major obstacle and that coordinating existing restoration efforts across the many participating organizations was a significant challenge.    So we need to be able to address that so that we can understand it when we are able to go through and look at what improvements and what challenges have been addressed.    I would argue that today you have overcome these challenges. Simply put, this is one of the most influential, coordinated interagency efforts in the country and stands as an example of what we can achieve when multiple partners agree, work together toward a common goal, politics aside.    Again, I welcome our witnesses and thank you for your testimony.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And on that note, Mr. Kramer, one of the things that a pilot project in California is looking at is on-site new technology that might clean the runoff, recycle the runoff right from the farms.    Is there anything being looked at or touted or at least considered as part of the assistance to the farmers?    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, I will check, but it was supposed to be a pilot in Bakersfield by the Costner, the group that did the Bridge petroleum spill.    Mrs. Napolitano. So that might bring some change.    In the algae bloom, is not probably the temperature also responsible for the creation of a lot more of the algae?    Mrs. Napolitano. And I notice, and I am sorry but my time is running, and I want to be sure that I take in all the questions that I have in mind, but in the runoff, going back to the runoff, the fact that there are more effective ways of partners working together to combat the runoff, what else is being done to be able to help farmers and the ability to restrict the amount of runoff into the streams and rivers?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. Of course, there are great results, but some are saying that GLRI is going after the low-hanging fruit, and what remains is going to be a bigger challenge. Can you explain?    Mrs. Napolitano. Do you have an idea of how many farms are voluntary for partners? Is it a percentage?    You mentioned it was voluntary.    Mrs. Napolitano. It would be nice to know.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you.    Mrs. Napolitano. Mr. Korleski, your testimony notes that action plan II incorporates fresh approaches. Can you describe the science-based adaptive framework you plan to use and when do you feel that it is going to be implemented?    Mrs. Napolitano. But who looks at those?    Mrs. Napolitano. Who looks? Who determines what works and what is not working?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. But what is turnaround time? Do not forget Government works very slowly.    Mrs. Napolitano. Do you share that information with other areas that might have similar problems?    Mrs. Napolitano. Yes.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. Because that would save some time in some people having to reinvent the wheel.    The other question I have, recently, actually yesterday, there was a news release in regard to Line 5, the pipeline, and the question, of course, comes up about, according to the University of Michigan, it is the worst possible location for an oil spill.    This crude coming out or transfer being out of Canada? You are aware of that, I am sure.    Mrs. Napolitano. And some of the challenges that they may face in winter if there is a spill, and apparently there was a winter spill test that was very challenging.    Is there a way to be able to understand? Because I understand Senator Stabenow and Congressman Peters have a bill to ban crude oil shipments through that region.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. I know, but that was in summer. The program was looking at transportation in summer, but what about winter? Because there is a challenge there.    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, apparently there is another test being held early next year. I would like to be able to know the results of that because of the protection for that area.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you.    And then of course, in the past 5 years the program has improved the quality in the region and addressed a lot of the environmental problems. How is GLRI prepared to produce the same result in the next 5 years?    Mrs. Napolitano. How is the GLRI prepared to produce the same results in the next 5 years as it has in the past 5 years, considering the scope of the problems?    Mrs. Napolitano. Based on your experience?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you.    And now I will refer back to my chairman. I have one more question for Mr. Gomez. I will hold.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Gomez, the GAO's report of July 2015 indicated EPA should improve its monitoring reporting data. So before your report came out they changed it to the EAGL system. How is that improving and will that satisfy?    Mrs. Napolitano. When will you know though?    Mrs. Napolitano. So not until next year?    Mrs. Napolitano. Is it project specific?    Mrs. Napolitano. How long will it take you after you review that data next year?    Mrs. Napolitano. How often will you track that data?    Mrs. Napolitano. Or if it is working.    Mrs. Napolitano. Water treatment plants.    Mrs. Napolitano. What would provide the ability to be able to not control but actually modify how it is being treated and who is treating it?    Mrs. Napolitano. So are you looking at the improvement or upgrading of the water treatment plants to be able to accommodate that?    Mrs. Napolitano. But is that being considered?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. But wouldn't it make sense to be able to assist the treatment plants to be able to upgrade or expand, to be able to handle in times when you have exceeding amounts of rain?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. Well, it might be something you might want to consider in the future.    Now, you mentioned an issue--I think it was Mr. Kramer--on quagga mussel infestation. Somebody did. Was it you, Mr. Korleski?    Quagga mussel, that is very costly to reduce or clean the intake valves in all the systems that are affected. What have you found is, how would I say, working to be able to reduce the impact it has on those intakes?    Mrs. Napolitano. The zebra, yes.    Mrs. Napolitano. Would you send to this subcommittee information on that? Because I am sure some of our entities would be glad to know what it is that is successful in that area.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. Now, California has many problems with water, as you well know, we are facing drought. But are there any recommendations you have for California?    Mrs. Napolitano. Correct.    Mrs. Napolitano. But what I find more interesting is the partnerships that were forged to be able to make this happen.    So thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, Mr. Gibbs.    And to that question, Mr. Busdeker, this is all voluntary if I remember correctly, the farmers utilizing fertilizer that was being now informed in the way it is being utilized by you. Do you have data on that?    Do you have any data that shows the trend, the lines of the application of these nutrients to the land, both commercial and manure?    Mrs. Napolitano. It is only about 70 percent certification, right?    Mrs. Napolitano. Do you have any of that data?    Mrs. Napolitano. The data that shows the trend of the reliance on the application of the nutrients, commercial and manure. Are you showing how much it is being utilized?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. Well, could you provide any of that information to this subcommittee so we know what is happening and maybe be able to understand a little more?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, sir.    And several of you have talked about the importance of the authorization of the GLRI that is in H.R. 223. Mr. Lord does raise the importance of the reauthorization of the EPA's Great Lakes National Program Office and also of the Great Lakes Legacy Act. Both are laws.    Do you agree that these programs also are important for Congress to reauthorize?    Mrs. Napolitano. Anybody else?    Mrs. Napolitano. So it does have importance.    Mrs. Napolitano. OK.    Mrs. Napolitano. Anybody else? No?    Well, thank you for that, and, Mayor Dickert, I hate to bring up the issue of the MS4 , but that is going to have to be another issue that is going to affect all communities, and I am sure you know Mary Ann Lutz.    Mrs. Napolitano. Who is now on my staff doing the MS4 work with EPA.    Mrs. Napolitano. So I would want to be sure that we communicate that we need to get more of that information so that EPA does work with the community to ensure that that is done and that it is not heavyhanded as an unfunded mandate to our communities.    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, yes, but keep Members of Congress informed because they do not know anything about the stormwater issue or many of them are not aware that it is going to be an unfunded mandate on their communities.    Mrs. Napolitano. And they are going to be raising holy you-know-what when it comes down as a mandate.    Mrs. Napolitano. To Mr. Lord, some have criticized the GLRI for the pace which expends the funds. Is it not true that these programs take years to complete and that a more appropriate measure would be the total number of funds obligated to the long-term projects?    Mrs. Napolitano. Make more sense?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you.    A question, Mr. Allan, real quickly. The issue that the EPA's old reporting system is now replaced by EAGL, have you seen that system? Have you looked at it?    Mrs. Napolitano. Are you being included in being able to understand how it will be applicable?    Mrs. Napolitano. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Mrs. Napolitano. Just one very quickly, and that is to Mr. Lord.    Mr. Rokita touched on the job creation issue, and while it has been 5 years and you have already created the jobs, it will hopefully be another 5 years. How long do you think this can continue to create the jobs and will those jobs change as new technology and as improvements are done?    What do you see will happen, the challenges that may be ahead?    Mrs. Napolitano. How long do you think that might have to go?    Mrs. Napolitano. Three decades, four decades?    Mrs. Napolitano. Thank you, sir.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.