    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I want to thank you, General Roth, and your team for all your hard work on this investigation from the very beginning. You worked with us and met with us, and we took your guidance, and we really appreciate all that you all have done.    You all started immediately after receiving these allegations on March 12, a week after the incident, and finished them in less than 8 weeks, and that says a lot. In that time, they conducted an impressive 48 interviews and obtained a wide variety of documents and other materials.    The report released by the inspector general confirms some key allegations, such as the claim that two agents, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Ogilvie, in fact had been drinking before driving a government vehicle to the White House and then driving their government vehicles home.    The report also debunks other allegations. It concludes, for example, that there is, ``no evidence that the video of the incident was intentionally deleted or destroyed.''    This was a model of how an investigation should--should--be conducted, and it demonstrates why Congress and this committee in particular rely so heavily on the work of our IGs.    Unfortunately, this report makes clear that there is still much work to be done to improve the culture at the Secret Service. At a previous hearing on September 30 of last year, I expressed grave concern with a Secret Service culture that seems to punish those who raise concerns, a culture in which employees are afraid to report incidents up the chain of command.    At the time, we were discussing an incident in 2011 when multiple shots were fired at the White House. One officer on the scene believed bullets had hit the White House, but she feared the consequences of disputing her superiors. As a result, it was not discovered until 4 days later that the White House had been struck 7 times.    The inspector general's report indicates that this cultural problem is indeed widespread. For example, the report highlights, ``the Secret Service's reputation for punishing or ignoring those who would further investigate or report such violations.''    According to the inspector general's report, some officers relayed that the watch commander at the scene on the night of the incident raised concerns. According to one officer, the watch commander told his colleagues that the agents who drove into the barricade were, ``hammered.'' According to that officer, however, the watch commander said ordering a sobriety test would have been, ``a career killer.'' Therefore no sobriety test was done, and both agents drove their government vehicles home after a night of drinking.    The inspector general's report concludes, ``The watch commander's actions must be considered in light of the vast disparity and rank between the watch commander and Connolly, who was in the watch commander's chain of command.''    I'm also extremely concerned, because just 2 days ago, our committee conducted a key interview that further corroborates this view. Committee staff interviewed Alfonso Dyson, the Deputy Chief of the Uniformed Division, who manages more than 600 officers. Mr. Dyson admitted to our committee staff that he had two telephone calls with Mr. Connolly on the night of the incident, one while Mr. Connolly was in the middle of the suspicious package scene and another as Mr. Connolly was driving home later that night.    In those calls, Mr. Dyson warned Mr. Connolly that the watch commander, ``was going to make it a problem.'' Mr. Dyson also admitted that he told Mr. Connolly that the watch commander might cause trouble for him. Mr. Dyson stated, ``He was going to stir the pot, he was going to spread the rumors, he was going to get the guys riled up. That's what I believed and that's what I relayed to DSAIC Connolly.''    This is simply unacceptable. Based on the IG report, the watch commander should have done more that night, not less. And it is appalling that senior Secret Service officials would discourage junior officers from doing the right thing. The agents and the officers of the Secret Service will never have the full trust of their colleagues while the fear of retaliation continues.    Finally, let me conclude by thanking Director Clancy for his cooperation and quick action. As the inspector general report concludes, ``Director Clancy acted appropriately upon receiving information about potential misconduct.'' The inspector general also informed our committee that he received, ``outstanding.'' cooperation from Director Clancy and the Secret Service during the entire investigation.    Although we had hoped that Director Clancy would be available today, this is Police Week, and he's attending several events to honor officers for acts of valor and the families of those who have fallen in the line of duty. And he called personally the chairman and yours truly to express his concern and his regrets that he could not be with us at this hearing. And I know that the chairman understood that, I understood it, and I want to thank him for all he's done. He has offered to reschedule for another date, and I look forward to hearing from him, Mr. Chairman.    And with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Picking up exactly where the chairman left off, Mr. Roth, I notice that at the beginning of your report you mentioned that you're deferring specific conclusions about potential systemic issues facing the Secret Service until you have completed your investigation into at least five or six other incidents. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. And what form do you think that's going to take? It seems like we have a culture of secrecy, a culture of complacency, a culture of fear of retaliation. I mean, what do you see, where are you going with that?    Mr. Cummings. You follow me?    Mr. Cummings. So it sounds similar to when the DOJ comes into a police department and is looking at patterns of practice. I mean, is that similar, do you think?    Mr. Cummings. Now, I want to ask you about the agency's policies regarding alcohol, which your report calls, ``vague and insufficient.''    Mr. Cummings. First let me quickly walk through some details about the retirement party.    According to your report, the party started at about 5:30 and lasted until 7:30. Your report says there was an open bar. Afterwards, Mr. Connolly and Mr. Ogilvie stayed at the bar with two other colleagues, and, according to your report, Mr. Ogilvie opened a new bar tab at 7:44 p.m. And closed it 3 hours later. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. As part of your investigation, you obtained the actual bar tab, did you not?    Mr. Cummings. And I would like to put it up on the screen. Your report says they purchased, ``eight glasses of Scotch, two vodka drinks, one glass of wine, and three glasses of beer.'' They were on a roll.    Looking at this tab, the first three items are beers, then a glass of wine, then eight--eight--Johnny Walker Reds, and then two vodka drinks. So 14 alcoholic drinks in all. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. The agents claimed that they did not have all of these drinks. Mr. Ogilvie told your investigators that five glasses of Scotch, the glass of wine, and the three beers were, ``given away to others.'' but he could not remember to whom. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. Okay. But at a minimum Mr. Ogilvie admitted to drinking two Scotches and one beer, Mr. Connolly admitted to drinking two beers, and both Mr. Connolly and Mr. Ogilvie also admitted that they drove their government vehicles that same evening on their way home. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. As of March 4, the Secret Service had a policy that prohibited officers from operating government vehicles, ``while under the influence of intoxicants,'' but your report says that this policy applied only to Uniformed Division officers, not to agents like Mr. Connolly or Mr. Ogilvie. This seems a bit ridiculous to me, but do you know why that was the case?    Mr. Cummings. Now, the Secret Service is also part of the Department of Homeland Security, which has its own policy prohibiting all employees from drinking alcohol within 8 hours of operating a government vehicle. So even if we take the agents at their word in terms of how much they drank that night, it seems they violated existing DHS policy, but your report says that you found, ``no evidence that anyone in the Secret Service was aware of this policy.'' Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. That's a problem.    Mr. Cummings. And I don't see how we can have the elite of the elite and they don't even know what their own rules are.    After the incident on March 4, the Secret Service issued a new rule prohibiting all employees from drinking any alcohol within 10 hours of driving a government vehicle. So this new rule is even more strict than the DHS policy. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Do you know if the Secret Service is taking steps to educate their employees about this new policy and are they conducting training in that regard?    Mr. Cummings. Well, I'm sure that's something that this committee will take up.    My last thing just, Mr. Roth, there are clearly significant problems relating to alcohol at the agency. We've seen that in the past incidents as well. But it also appears that the agency's vague policies just made worse the problem. So I hope today's hearing is part of a broader effort to reform the agency's policies, to make absolutely clear to employees what is expected of them, and to revitalize the agency so it can perform its critical mission and once again become the elite of the elite.    With that, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. I want to thank you, Mr. Roth. For anybody who just tuned in, I didn't want them to think that he was talking to you. You have done a great job. Really. And we really do appreciate your staff. And I know you had to pull together a lot of people in a little bit of time. But we really do appreciate it. And I agree with the chairman. Somebody asked me just a few minutes ago, how are we going to straighten this out? And I said we are going to have to keep the pressure up. But we cannot keep the pressure up without the kind of information that you all have provided us. And I am sure that--and I am hopeful that, Mr. Chairman, that when Mr. Clancy comes before us, he will have a report letting us know what disciplinary actions he has taken. But again, I want to thank you. We really do appreciate everything you have done. We also appreciate you working with us. From the very beginning, you have just been great, and your staff. So thank you.