    Ms. Eshoo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and good afternoon to all the members, and to all of our witnesses. We welcome you here, and we thank you for your willingness to come and share your thoughts with us about--this is an important topic. Earlier this year Singapore's Minister of Communication and Information, Dr. Yaacob Bin--Ibrahim stated that ``no one person, organization, or even country has a monopoly on the expertise and wisdom needed to meet the challenges that we are facing on the Internet on a day to day basis.''    I agree with that quote, and his thought. It is why Congress, on a bipartisan, bicameral basis, has consistently stated that the United States should continue to preserve and advance the multi-stakeholder governance model under which the Internet has thrived. Our leadership in the IANA transition is critical, but I think inserting a unilateral role for our government, as the Dot Com Act does, undermines the legitimacy of the multi-stakeholder model, and it emboldens those that don't agree with us. Some call them our enemies, but I think that emboldens them.    For nearly 20 years it has been U.S. policy to transition the government's role in administering the domain name system to the multi-stakeholder global community, and by requiring the GAO to study the pros and cons of making such a transition, the Dot Com Act fails to recognize this history. Equally concerning is the opposition from the stakeholder community, including NetChoice's Steve DelBianco, who is here, and is going to be testifying today, that a post-analysis by GAO of the transition proposal is no longer necessary.    The success of the IANA transition depends on built-in mechanisms for transparency and accountability, and a commitment by ICANN to resist--Mr. Chairman, I don't think the committee is in order. That means stop gabbing, to my left. It is distracting.    The success of the IANA transition depends on built-in mechanisms for transparency and accountability, and a commitment by ICANN to resist any expansion of the role government or inter-governmental organizations may play in ICANN's deliberations. Now, if the majority shares these goals, and I believe that you do, then we should work together on a bipartisan alternative to the Dot Com Act which provides a reasonable period of time for Congress, and the general public, to review the IANA transition proposal. With responsible oversight, a successful transition of those functions will preserve the Internet's guiding principles of openness, of security, of stability, and resiliency, and ensure ICANN cannot be exposed to government capture.    And, again, I would like to thank the panel of witnesses. They are really esteemed individuals in each one of their spheres of influence, and I think that each one of them understands the Internet's guiding values, and the importance of the multi-stakeholder model. So, again, I thank you, and, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time, unless someone else would like it. Doris, would you like my time? I would be glad to yield to you, to the gentlewoman from California.    Ms. Eshoo. Am I the 18-year-old that you are----    Ms. Eshoo. I thought you were flattering me. OK.    Ms. Eshoo. All right.    Ms. Eshoo. Well, at least it is not a sports analogy, so--thank you. You are all enlightening, you really are, very, very helpful. Now, we have got a couple of things on the table here. You have described all of the work, and it is extensive work. And, as the Chairman said, and I join him in thanking you for the time that you have put in on this. I mean, this is an enormous amount of work that you have done, and it is productive, and it is bearing fruit, but we are not quite ready. And none of you think that the work is going to be accomplished by, what, September of this year, and--all right.    Now, we have got a couple of things on the--I think three things here. We have the Dot Com--in it. More work has to be done, but you are very pleased with what is on the table so far, and that Congress should continue to have--to do its oversight in this. Now, if we get through this entire process, and, say, the Dot Com Act is law, then you have to go back to the GAO and have them study what is completed, and, what, wait another year? Do you all support that? Does this make sense to you, or am I--do I have a--the wrong take on the legislation? I mean, it is my understanding that it will take--it will add another year to--to what, John? John? Let me just ask you--Mr. Shimkus? John? My pal----    Ms. Eshoo. Sit up straight.    Ms. Eshoo. I will yield to you for a second. When does your year begin? After they finish their process?    Ms. Eshoo. I know. So that is the----    Ms. Eshoo. Right.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. But the--reclaiming my time, I mean, I think you just made my point. That is why I think it negates it, because if the GAO is doing something--anyway, tell me what you all think of this. Do you think that this is a good plan, this is the way to go forward? I mean, just quickly, yes or no. Let us start with Mr. DelBianco.    Ms. Eshoo. You are not going to be hurting anyone's feelings.    Ms. Eshoo. I just want----    Ms. Eshoo . A professional opinion.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Well, that is my----    Ms. Eshoo . Very point----    Ms. Eshoo . To get to the end, and then start all over again I don't think is a good way to go. Do you have something, Ms. Kehl?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. It is.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Go quickly. My time is running out.    Ms. Eshoo. So you are agreeing?    Ms. Eshoo. That is great.    Ms. Eshoo. Ms. Plonk?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. I want to thank Intel for everything you do in our region, and in my district. You are wonderful. Mr. Shears?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. And Mr. Schaefer? Yes?    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. So start all over again? That is what you are saying?    Ms. Eshoo. Well----    Ms. Eshoo. I think if we do our job, we don't need that time. That is the point. If we are thorough, both on our side of the dais, and you on yours--let me just raise something. We have another issue here, and that is in the Commerce, Justice, Appropriations bills which was released today, ``None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to relinquish the responsibility of the NTIA with respect to Internet domain name system functions, including responsibility with respect to the authoritative root, zone file, and the Internet assigned numbers authority function.'' So we have appropriators getting into this as well.    I think that this is the subcommittee that needs to give guidance to all of this. We have done a deep dive on it, and we will continue to, because it requires it. And I am all for this subcommittee to do that work. And I commit myself, and I know people on our side of the aisle--boy, are you a distraction today, Pallone, jeez whiz.    Anyway, listen, I forgot my train of thought, but, I think that the work has to keep going on. It needs to be intensive, broad, deep, and directed. We know what the mission is. We know what we need to accomplish, and Congress has to be part of that every step of the way. And I think if we do that, that the date that we finish is not the point. It will be that we did an excellent job on something that requires that kind of work. So thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Eshoo. I understand.    Ms. Eshoo. Yes.    Ms. Eshoo. Right.    Ms. Eshoo. For a few seconds. I appreciate what you said, and we have--Congressman Shimkus and I have worked on a lot of issues together very successfully over the years, so I appreciate what you said. I think where perhaps we weren't totally on the same side was having confidence in a multi-stakeholder community, that that model could work. I don't ever remember myself questioning whether Congress shouldn't lean in, or anyone from our side, but that is the past. We are moving on.    But I still think it is worth saying for the record, and we are going to work with you because we realize how important this is. And, I mean, for the amount of time that these people have invested is really glorious, and you should really be very proud of yourselves because I think you are the ones that have really moved the ball down the field, and said that to the Congress, and now the Congress is feeling far more confident. So thank you for yielding, Mr. Chairman.