    Mr. Kierce. Chairman Donovan, Members of the committee, on behalf of Jersey City Mayor Steven M. Fulop, I wish to extend my sincere appreciation to Congressman Donald M. Payne, Jr., and Members of the committee for the opportunity to appear before you this morning.    The intent of the Urban Area Security Initiative program is to enhance regional preparedness in major metropolitan areas. The UASI program provides funding to address the unique multidiscipline planning operations, equipment, and training and exercise needs of high-threat high-density urban areas and to assist in building and sustaining capabilities related to terrorism prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery.    The Jersey City-Newark UASI includes Jersey City, Newark, as well as the counties of Bergen, Essex, Hudson, Middlesex, Morris, Passaic, and Union. The mission of the Jersey City UASI is to ensure the sustainment and enhancement of counterterrorism capabilities and planning and responding to natural and man-made disasters. According to the FBI and the director of the national intelligence, the United States faces a significant and growing threat from individuals in this country who are willing to conduct domestic mass casualty attacks inspired by terrorist ideology. In fact, the DNI has said he anticipates ISIS-inspired attacks within the United States in the year ahead.    The threat of violent extremism poses a great risk to the Jersey City-Newark UASI region due to its dense population, geographic importance, and target-rich environment. The total population associated with the Jersey City-Newark UASI is approximately 4,792,594, which equates to more than half of the entire population of the State of New Jersey, making this region one of the most densely-populated areas in the United States.    In the middle of all this is a section of the New Jersey Turnpike in Union and Essex Counties that run through what the FBI and Government officials from New Jersey have dubbed the most dangerous 2 miles in America for terrorist targets. This area includes the largest port on the East Coast, Newark Airport, major rail lines, densely-populated cities, and chemical and petroleum plants. Former director of the New Jersey Office of Security and Preparedness Charlie McKenna described it best: ``If you want to make New Jersey the heart of America or the heart of the northeast, the Turnpike is the aorta.''    The Jersey City-Newark UASI region ranks 7 in the top 10 UASIs, based on DHS vulnerability and threats assessments. In addition to Port Newark and Newark Airport, the region is home to rail lines, bridges, and tunnels to New York City. Wall Street and other financial service firms house important front and back operations, including clearance and settlement services and other operations essential to the functioning of America's capital marketing, in Jersey City and Newark.    Since 2002, funding provided through the Department of Homeland Security Urban Area Security Initiative has afforded Tier 1 UASI regions to accomplish the following 10 goals. Goal 1 is strengthen CBRNE preparedness and response capabilities by acquiring the necessary equipment, training, and other resources needed by first responders to effectively detect, interdict, and respond to acts of terrorism or accidents involving CBRNE materials or agents.    No. 2, protect critical infrastructure and key resources along the region based on a systemic process of identifying and cataloguing infrastructure, conducting site visits and risk assessments, investing in target-hardening projects, and providing additional protective mitigation measures based on the current threat level.    No. 3, strengthen the information and sharing capabilities through collaborative partnerships with Federal, State, and local and private-sector stakeholders to better protect against and respond to terrorist threats, both foreign and domestic, incidents such as the active-shooter incidents.    No. 4, strengthen counterterrorism and law enforcement capabilities by continuing to improve our counterterrorism operations and partnerships across the region and by building specialized capabilities to address threats and acts of terrorism.    No. 5, enhance emergency management and response capabilities through the implementation of a proactive posture to prepare for the worst-case catastrophic scenarios at all levels of government.    No. 6, advance interoperability emergency communications through the efficient utilization and development of communication resources and procedures to ensure that our first responders can effectively communicate with each other during a major incident in order to protect lives and property.    No. 7, promote citizen and community preparedness by better preparing the Jersey City-Newark UASI region citizens and communities to be ready for disasters and other emergencies, including the ability to sustain themselves for 7 to 10 days after an event to assist their neighborhoods in the aftermath of a disaster.    No. 8, build back better from disasters and become more resilient against future events through thoughtful resiliency planning and by developing long-term recovery capabilities, mitigation initiatives, and other efforts to ensure the continuity of critical systems during a crisis.    No. 9, support health and emergency preparedness by readying the Jersey City-Newark UASI for a potential pandemic, and preparing local communities to distribute medical countermeasures on a large scale, supporting the ability of the health care community to surge bed capacity and other resources to manage large numbers of sick and injured during an incident.    No. 10, enhance community security capabilities through outreach and education, as well as by implementing programs and policies to prevent, protect, and respond to, recover from cyber attacks or other major cyber incidents in collaboration with key partners and stakeholders.    The proposed cuts to DHS UASI funding would have a significant negative impact on our UASI region's disaster preparedness, response, and recovery efforts. Hurricane Sandy and the continued threat of home-grown terrorism demonstrate how we must remain vigilant and prepared. Threats from terrorism and response and recovery efforts associated with natural disasters will not diminish because of the proposed budget cuts to the DHS UASI program. Even in the current fiscal climate we do not have the luxury of making significant reductions to our capabilities without placing our Nation at risk. If we continue to prepare for, respond to, and recover from evolving threats and disasters, we will need sufficient resources to sustain and adapt our capabilities accordingly.    In closing, I wish to offer a quote from your colleague and Ranking Member committee Member, Congressman Donald M. Payne, Jr. These grants are essential to making New Jersey a safer place for families to live and work, and they are critical to bringing economic security to the State. Following Hurricane Sandy, it is clear that we need to invest more to prepare for disasters and mitigate casualties as well as reduce the economic damages that result from these tragedies.    Thank you for affording me the opportunity to appear before you today.    Mr. Kierce. Just to echo my colleagues, and I think too the fact that we are fighting an unconventional level of domestic terrorism today shows the need that we have to at least sustain these grants at current levels. I would hope that Director Johnson fully understands, after hearing from my colleagues today and your folks, that we have to maintain this level of readiness.    Mr. Kierce. Pretty much echoing my colleagues, Congressman. I think that we, through the UASI group, have had no interaction with the Federal Government as far as how these new programs are planned out. I think, you know, from the CVE perspective, if that developed, that is home base, it is law enforcement working within the community, knowing the people that you serve, and developing relationships and ensuring that the trust between law enforcement and the people that you serve is there.    I think that we have to maintain--the current level of readiness is critical. Depending on the local taxpayers to bear the burden of substituting the dollars that we would be losing by Homeland Security I think is just intolerable.    Mr. Kierce. Congressman and Mr. Chairman, interoperability communication still is a challenge among the public safety folks. In Jersey City, Hudson County alone, with the 12 different municipalities you have operating on different frequencies, and there again, when you are called to a major event, many times basic fire services aren't able to communicate with firefighting ground operations. It is the same thing with the police departments.    In Jersey City alone, we have several law enforcement agencies, both the sheriff's department, Port Authority Police, Jersey City Police, and other law enforcement agencies, all operating under different frequencies and bandwidths. Since my involvement with UASI in 2002, interoperability has been a communications nightmare. The cuts in funds has led towards a failure in communications as a whole.