    Mr. Perlmutter. And, Mr. Chairman and to the Ranking Member, I've served on a lot of committees in the Congress, and this Committee is by far the most exciting, stimulating, energizing committee in the Congress. And as I'm sitting down here and looking up at the top row and reading Tennyson, ``For I dipped into the future, far as human eye could see, saw the vision of the world, and all the wonder that would be.'' Listening to you all, that's what this is about. This is--this gives me goose bumps. The versatility of your instruments or your minds to say, you know what, this was really intended to do that but we could use it for this. And I just enjoy this Committee.    So--and Dr. Bera talked about the challenge and the desire of all of us to explore. I mean I have some differences with the Chairman on prioritizing and actually funding because I see what you all do and your research and your service to be investments in the future, and that will pay for a long time to come. And I don't think it's a zero-sum game pitting the astronomers against the physicists and all that stuff. And I don't think the Chairman does either, but I really would like to see us move forward obviously with the Orion project and get humans to Mars.    And with that, I'm going to yield to my friend from Maryland for her questions.    Mr. Perlmutter. Thanks.    Mr. Perlmutter. And to the Chairman and the Ranking Member, the thing that I enjoy about this is we are so--looking so forward and towards the future. And tonight, I don't know if you talked about The Martian or not, but the thing that is so fun about that book, one, he's a wise guy; and two, in that book, it's about problem-solving, whether it's math or engineering or physics or biology.    And that's what is so enjoyable about this Committee and about the panels that come and speak to us because I see you all as looking to the future and solving problems, and I just thank you for that. And I thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member for this Committee because it gives me energy every time I come in here.