    Ms. Moravick. Hi. I want to thank you both for allowing me to be here today.    Southside Hospital is a 341-bed tertiary facility on the South Shore of Long Island in western Suffolk. We are a relatively new tertiary facility. We provide cardiac surgery care, cardiac care. We are a level-2 ACS, the American College of Surgeons, trauma center.    On October 29, as we all know, 2012, we were really securing our borders and our entire campus for Hurricane Sandy. But we didn't start on the 29. We started 3 days earlier.    I am actually a nurse and a nurse practitioner, and I believe in primary prevention as the treatment of choice, so we went into gear. We rallied the staff. We told them, bring your clothes, you are staying here for a good 2 to 3 days, and we are not leaving, even though they too may have had homes that would be destroyed during the hurricane. We went into action. We secured our core business. We have low-lying electric gear. We have our switch gear, and our generators are on the ground floor. We had purchased doors which I call the dam doors, but they are doors that dam the water out of that area. I am very visual, I have to see everything. So during the hurricane, we had administration there 24/7, all surgeons in-house, all cardiac surgeons, trauma, emergency room staff, and we were prepared for anything. We knew that if any other hospital in the community went down, we would have to be open.    Our emergency room is there for our patients. We serve a very diverse community, which is really extremely important, and we are about $900 million of economic impact to our community.    So our doors were open, and we were not shutting them at any cost. We identified those high-acuity patients that were requiring intubation or being on a respirator, and we put them in ambulances and transported them to higher ground, a tertiary facility in our health system. We had constant calls every 4 hours, every 2 hours at times during the height of the storm. But as an executive director of a hospital, I never thought I would have to know high tide and moon phase, which hit simultaneously on the South Shore of Long Island.    We are within 1,000 feet of tributaries that empty into the Great South Bay, and it was very scary seeing the water rise up to the doors of the hospital, sandbags. We really had to put a lot of people outside during this event to be sure that we had pumps going and our generators were working.    Power was lost in the community, and what people do not recognize is the hospital is a safe haven for everyone. We had those worried well older patients, moms with their babies who had no light who would come into the hospital. We had a bar of oxygen across the emergency room with people breathing in our emergency room because they could and they needed to.    So it was really a difficult time. The roads were shut down at one point in time. But I believe we persevered. We were prepared. We were ready to rumble. Whatever we could mitigate, we did at that time. We were backing up other institutions who were flooded and needed help. We were available for any other institution. We received calls from the Town of Islip, and we worked collaboratively with them.    But I do believe that hospitals are an integral part of our community, and we are there in times of need. Patients who are well, patients who are sick, we are the place to go. Our emergency room was jam-packed with people who just were scared and didn't want to be home in their homes.    So again, I think preparedness for hospitals is key, and we are the place where people will come during catastrophic events.    Thank you for letting me speak.    Ms. Moravick. Sure. I think what is really important is, before we get to a disaster, is what do we need to do? One size does not fit all. I think that it is really identifying what those risks are at the hospital level. Is there a role for FEMA? Yes, there is a role for FEMA at the local level.    Ms. Moravick. We put an application in for the HMPG grant, and it took quite a bit of time to get it. We went through at least 3 more hurricane seasons. So I think a little more coordination of who is doing what would be helpful, because as I hear and listen to the news of the wind and the weather and the rain, we even had a subsequent rain storm, a 500-year event which flooded out our first floor in August 2014, which was a disaster. In our ICU, we had mulch coming down the hallways. So we really need to strengthen and support our campus, and I think we started on our own. We invested $6 million, but it is to a point where we really need to make that huge investment of $25 million to harden the campus. Thanks.