    Ms. Bresch. Good afternoon, Chairman Chaffetz and Ranking Member Cummings and members of the committee. I'm Heather Bresch, the CEO of Mylan, and I appreciate the chance to be with you today.    Before I answer your questions, I would like to share with you a little information on my background in Mylan and tell you what we have done in the last weeks to address the concerns about the price and the availability of EpiPens.    I grew up in a small town in West Virginia in a close family with a strong work ethic. I joined Mylan in 1992 as an entry-level clerk performing basic administrative tasks in the basement of the company's manufacturing facility and worked through 15 different roles in the company until I reached my current position.    When I started with Mylan, our sales were approximately $100 million with less than 500 employees, and today our sales are in excess of 11 billion with more than 40,000 employees, and 1 in 13 U.S. prescriptions is filled with one of Mylan's medications.    I would like to highlight just two facts about Mylan. First, we aren't the kind of niche pharmaceutical company that offers only a handful of products. In fact, we are the exact opposite. Over the last 55 years, we have grown to offer more than 2,700 products, predominantly generic, made at more than 50 manufacturing facilities capable of producing up to 80 billion doses annually, and we see the need to do more.    This year alone we will invest approximately 1.2 billion in research and development and manufacturing, or roughly 3 million a day, to bring affordable access to many more complex products such as insulins and biosimilars.    Second, our business is predicated on high volumes of hundreds of products. In the U.S. alone, we offer a portfolio of 635 products, which translated last year to more than 21 billion doses available to patients, at an average price to Mylan of 25 cents. Over the last decade, Mylan's medicines have reduced the U.S. healthcare costs by approximately 180 billion.    This is an EpiPen. It may look simple, but it is actually quite complex. In the event of anaphylaxis, a severe allergic reaction, the more than 15 critical components in this device must work every time, and in seconds, to deliver medicine to treat life-threatening symptoms quickly and without fail, many times self-administered by the person in the state of anaphylaxis.    Before Mylan acquired the company that owned EpiPen in 2007, fewer than 1 million of the 43 million people at risk had access to an epinephrine auto-injector. At the same time, it was estimated that anaphylaxis was causing 1,500 deaths annually. We've read stories of children dying at school because they did not have access to an epinephrine auto-injector or due to a lack of education about the need. We saw this as an unacceptable and largely preventable health problem.    We've worked diligently and invested to enhance EpiPen and make it more available. In fact, we have invested more than $1 billion in these efforts over the last few years and have succeeded on many fronts. We put an improved EpiPen device on the market in 2009. We now reach 80 percent more patients. And today, approximately 85 percent of EpiPen patients pay less than $100 for two and a majority less than $50.    We have made great strides in providing access to EpiPens in public places, starting with schools. In the last 4 years alone, Mylan provided 700,000 free EpiPens to more than 66,000 schools across America with no strings attached. Our pens were used hundreds of times, including on many children who had no known allergies.    I know there is considerable concern and skepticism about the pricing of EpiPens, and I think many people incorrectly assume that we make $600 off of each pen. It's simply not true. Recent EpiPen price increases have not yielded the revenue to Mylan that many assume.    In the complicated world of pharmaceutical pricing, there is something known as the wholesale acquisition cost. Since 2014, the wholesale acquisition cost for two EpiPens increased from 401 to 608, or 51 percent. But the net revenue to Mylan, after rebates and fees, what we actually received, increased from 235 to 274. In other words, the annual increase to Mylan for the last 2 years was approximately 8 percent per year, or 16.6 percent cumulatively, during this period.    From that, you must subtract our cost of goods, which is $69. This leaves a balance of $205. After subtracting EpiPen-related costs, our profit is $100, or approximately $50 per pen.    In the last few weeks, we have confronted the EpiPen issue head on. Our program has four parts. We announced the first-ever generic of the EpiPen product, which will be priced at $300. This unprecedented move is the fastest and most direct way to reduce the price for all patients.    Second, we are creating a direct-ship option, allowing patients to purchase the generic product directly from Mylan.    Third, we increased our EpiPen savings card for the brand product from 100 to 300.    And fourth, we doubled our eligibility of patients receiving free pens from 48,600 to 97,200 for a family of four.    With these changes, our profit per pen will be substantially lower than it is now.    I'm honored and proud to be the CEO of Mylan, and I've spent my entire career working to break down barriers to access and expand access to high-quality medicine and lower healthcare cost. I wish we had better anticipated the magnitude and acceleration of the rising financial issues for a growing minority of patients who may have ended up paying the full wholesale acquisition cost or more. We never intended this. We listened and focused on this issue and came up with an immediate and sustainable solution.    Going forward, we will continue our leadership in developing high-quality medicine and expanding access.    Thank you.    Ms. Bresch. Well, thank you, Chairman.    We raised the price over 8 years. And we raised that price, and I think what is incorrectly assumed is that 608 is what Mylan receives. We receive $274 of that 608.    Ms. Bresch. It will be the same product with epinephrine auto-injector on it. It will be the same product.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Well, I think the direct ship will be a very--we're trying to do that in case--to catch everybody. We're hoping that at least 85 to 80 percent----    Ms. Bresch. No, sir. Our net----    Ms. Bresch. Our net sales will absolutely go down. Our net per pen will go down dramatically.    Ms. Bresch. But from that then you take the cost of goods out, which is $69, and then----    Ms. Bresch. And then you take out the EpiPen drug-related product.    Ms. Bresch. But that's not--we said that will be the wholesale acquisition cost, is 300. We've cut the wholesale acquisition cost in half from 300----    Ms. Bresch. Sir, what I'm saying is the wholesale acquisition cost--and I know I've provided this, too, if you want to put it up--the wholesale acquisition cost is what is going to 300. What we will actually receive we're estimating at 200, we believe it will be less than that, just as what we receive is the 274.    Ms. Bresch. We offer that as an option. There's still----    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we hope that everybody will get it through the channels of the--all of the programs. The patient reduces the cost for everybody across all the channels.    Ms. Bresch. By introducing a generic, which truly is unprecedented, I mean, we cut the price in half, so I know that----    Ms. Bresch. What we receive is the 200, and we're estimating that.    Ms. Bresch. We said that the wholesale acquisition price would be 300.    Ms. Bresch. And I greatly appreciate that. The article is completely inaccurate.    We, Mylan, when we acquired this product and realized the complete lack of awareness and access to the product, and the fact that public places, let's take schools, that if a child at a school or on a playground were to go in and have a severe allergic reaction, go into anaphylaxis, and if that child didn't have a prescription in their name at that school, the school couldn't use it.    So there were deaths in schools happening because there may have been EpiPens or other epinephrine auto-injectors, but they weren't allowed to be used, and children, like I said, tragically died.    We saw this as unacceptable. So there had only been a handful of States that had started to recognize that epinephrine auto-injectors could be in a public place in a school's name, not in a child's name, therefore, the nurses and trained administrators could use it in the case of a tragic event.    We then started helping, and I applaud the Federal legislatures as well as State legislatures who quickly recognized these tragic events and that they could be largely preventable, and legislation began to get passed to allow schools to stock epinephrine.    We then launched our EpiPen for Schools program, which, as I said, we've given 700,000 free pens to over 66,000 schools with no strings attached, and I hope that one of the benefits of this would be that the other 65,000 schools will participate and receive free EpiPens.    During this period of time, you know the burden on schools from a policy perspective, training perspective, so we gave amounts to various groups, whether it was the National School Board, National Education Association, National School Nurses, that we could help, and only helping to fund them train personnel and educate so that people could recognize an anaphylactic event and know how to use and know how to administer product.    My mother has dedicated her life to education, has been a volunteer for years, and rotated 1 year into the president of the National School Board in 2012, and then rotated out. We have continued to work with these organizations to continue to help train and educate.    So while people may want to criticize Mylan for giving free pens and having access in public places to EpiPens, I certainly thought it was a very cheap shot to bring my mother into this.    Ms. Bresch. Thank you.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. So, sir, what I think we provided is what I did as in my testimony, is that about $50 per pen is our profit, and that's just direct EpiPen. It's not taking any kind of company allocation or anything else out of that other than just direct related EpiPen cost.    Ms. Bresch. We sold--I'll give you, roughly, over the last 12 months number, roughly, about 4 million packs of two. So 8 million pens, but 4 million packs of two.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir. What we recognize is the $274 per pen, and so our revenue is calculated on that average of what Mylan receives.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, I'm not sure what documents or what you're--what I can confirm is that we absolutely have spent----    Ms. Bresch. We've spent about a billion dollars on EpiPen since 2008.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, I don't have the exact breakout, but, like I said, when I took the walk from 274 with cost of goods coming out at $69, which gets you to about the $205, and then down, about $105 for EpiPen-related costs, which is what takes you to the $100 for two or the $50 per pen of profit.    Ms. Bresch. Okay.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. I just don't have it broken out. I said about $105 would be the EpiPen related, so all of those costs from marketing as well as the patient assistance program, and everything else that we spent on the product.    The disease awareness, we've done quite a bit on just anaphylaxis itself, that because there was such a low awareness of even what anaphylaxis was. Over the last 8 years, the ability to really be able to educate about not only is anaphylaxis something that is obviously life-threatening, but we now know that at least 25 to 30 percent of the time, when someone goes into anaphylaxis, they've never had a known allergy before, whether a child or adult, which really drove our need to want to get it in public places.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, actually we've spent over the years trying to do several things that failed and trying to----    Ms. Bresch. And we hope that within the next 12 months we'll have approved a new formulation that will extend the shelf life, which means----    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, as a company, Mylan spent $750 million this year, is what we're projected to spend on R&D. For EpiPen it's not broke down so much in products.    What I can tell you is that our overwhelming majority of what we've spent has been on access and awareness programs. We have, like I said, we've been developing over the years, working on smaller different devices due to patient feedback. What we have been successful in is reformulating it so it will have a longer shelf life, and that will extend the time needed between refills.    But the majority of our----    Ms. Bresch. Sure.    Ms. Bresch. Eighteen months.    Ms. Bresch. So----    Ms. Bresch. Twenty-four months is what we're hopeful for, and maybe even longer, but a minimum of 24 months.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we're looking to submit it within days to the FDA. We've been working on this for a couple of years. And it will be with 24 months that you do kind of--you continue to--after you submit it to the FDA, you're able to continue to work on stability, and that there is an opportunity that it could go longer. But we, at a minimum, 24.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we have an $11 billion company. I run an $11 billion company. And, yes, EpiPen is our largest product, but by no means driving the entire performance of our company.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir, we pay $69 for the cost of goods, for the EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. For two.    Ms. Bresch. So, sir, it represents----    Ms. Bresch. It's our largest product.    Ms. Bresch. So it's--we have, like I said----    Ms. Bresch. It's our largest product, but we have----    Ms. Bresch. Sir, I think that there is----    Ms. Bresch. I don't----    Ms. Bresch. About $18 million.    Ms. Bresch. It's in the middle.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir. EpiPen's performance is a factor in Mylan's overall performance, but the board sets the compensation based on Mylan's overall performance.    Ms. Bresch. So, Congresswoman, thank you. We have, by the introduction of a generic, which has never been done before. I mean, an unprecedented event for a brand to cannibalize their own. So we--to $300.    Ms. Bresch. Because the way that we can make the most immediate impact to the patient----    Ms. Bresch. But that would not be guaranteed to flow through to the patient. What we did was to give immediate relief to the patients that fall under this----    Ms. Bresch. Yes. Our concern was absolutely that everyone who needs an EpiPen has one. And so putting a generic into the market would, we believe, be the most effective and efficient way to make that happen.    Ms. Bresch. EpiPen is less than 10 percent, a little less than 10 percent of our overall----    Ms. Bresch. Because we absolutely produce billions and billions of doses; in the U.S., 21 billion doses.    Ms. Bresch. I'm not--no, I'm not sure.    Ms. Bresch. I am blessed and fortunate, not only financially, but to have worked with this company for 25 years and to----    Ms. Bresch. Well, I believe Mylan has done a tremendous amount, starting with----    Ms. Bresch. I would say, starting with saving the U.S. over the last 10 years $180 billion. Our products alone have saved this country $180 billion.    Ms. Bresch. I'm talking about Mylan, but my compensation----    Ms. Bresch. First, I would say having 700,000 free EpiPens across 66,000 schools across America, could not be more proud about that, and hope that we can get them in the other 65,000.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. The pen has changed. The device has changed. But the epinephrine----    Ms. Bresch. Right.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, the wholesale acquisition cost has increased.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, and to expand access.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. But we've had competition to EpiPen every year.    Ms. Bresch. Not due to generic competition. We did increase the wholesale acquisition cost, but as I've stated, we get 274 out of the 608. So, over that time period, we received an average of 8 percent increase.    Ms. Bresch. We certainly received additional revenue, but on 274, just not the 608.    Ms. Bresch. Due to anaphylaxis?    Ms. Bresch. No, sir.    Ms. Bresch. And, sir, all I can speak to is our culture, which Mylan has for over 50 years spent and invested in being able to produce low-cost pharmaceuticals and provide access. As I mentioned, over 21 billion doses, we've saved this country over $180 billion. So our premise is to provide access. And what we worked on with EpiPen was to be able to give 700,000 free pens to schools with no strings attached, nothing----    Ms. Bresch. So the preventive--the preventative drug list, as you mentioned, would make sure everyone has access. But what we've now done with the generic drug and dropping the price to 300, we believe provides that similar access but believe that, obviously, the importance of epinephrine auto-injectors should be part of the preventative drug list.    Ms. Bresch. I absolutely still think it should have----    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. But, sir, that's why what we did was so unprecedented. It wasn't to shift. We dropped the price by half by introducing the generic.    Ms. Bresch. Just to ensure that--just showing the importance of epinephrine.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, there has been--the lobbying resources have been primarily about creating access and getting epinephrine in public places, like schools and eventually--just like a defibrillator. I mean, what we recognized is that when you need one, seconds count, and they should be where you are. So----    Ms. Bresch. No, sir. We believe, by, one, putting the generic in like we have at 300, over 85 percent of our patients pay minimal out-of-pocket costs. So, by now reducing it by half, it even reduces that further. So this is not all about cost-shifting. It's just making sure everyone has access and understands the importance of epinephrine.    Ms. Bresch. So, sir----    Ms. Bresch. I'm just saying that the 235----    Ms. Bresch. We received----    Ms. Bresch. We received $235.    Ms. Bresch. Equivalent to the $50, approximately $50 here.    Ms. Bresch. I think it was about $40.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. I believe it was approximately----    Ms. Bresch. Out of the--we received 219 and----    Ms. Bresch. --out of that, the profit was probably about--it was around $38.    Ms. Bresch. Approximately.    Ms. Bresch. So, sir, the 608 is the wholesale acquisition cost. The price to Mylan is 274.    Ms. Bresch. And then it's 50--approximately $50 of profit off of the 274.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir, we do.    Ms. Bresch. I'm not sure of the cost, but I know it's----    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. We've had a----    Ms. Bresch. It was first recognizing the fact that there's a severe shockingly low understanding of anaphylaxis, and there is a shockingly low number of people who were prepared or protected with EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir. We committed to investing in this product, which we have about over a billion dollars over this 8 years to provide access.    Ms. Bresch. It is absolutely our largest product, but----    Ms. Bresch. I don't have the cumulative number.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, which is why we took the unprecedented action of putting the generic in at $300.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir, we did not plan on raising the price.    Ms. Bresch. And if you look at what we received out of that money----    Ms. Bresch. We have raised the price. We have raised the price. And I think managing to--what we received, that 274 out of the 608 is what we were managing.    Ms. Bresch. Which is why we dropped it to $300.    Ms. Bresch. We announced it several weeks ago.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir. We're putting an authorized generic in the market which is equivalent to EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we were receiving $274 out of the $608.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we believe it was a fair price, and we've just now lowered that price by half.    Ms. Bresch. Because we wanted to make sure we're addressing the patients out there that are facing higher out-of-pocket costs and paying the wholesale acquisition cost, which was not intended. The system wasn't intended for people to pay the wholesale acquisition cost, and that's what's happening at an alarmingly rising rate, which is--we took the unprecedented step of putting the generic in to sidestep that and be able to lower the cost for----    Ms. Bresch. Over that period of time, putting it in public places, giving free--700,000 free EpiPens to 66,000 schools and wanting to get it into all of the public schools across America.    Ms. Bresch. Congressman, we want everyone who needs an EpiPen to have an EpiPen, and we're going to continue to work to expand access.    Ms. Bresch. We believe that all the programs that we put in place, from the generic to the higher--patient assistance program to the copay card. So trying to address every facet of patients to make sure they can have access to EpiPens is what we will remain focused on.    Ms. Bresch. I do, sir. And I truly believe it's--the story got ahead of the facts, because I think people had--because of the complexity around the pharmaceutical system, I think that us being able to now release, put on the record what we're making, what comes to Mylan, in fact, is making $50 a pen.    Ms. Bresch. Correct.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. The product----    Ms. Bresch. Yes, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Cost of goods increased for sure.    Ms. Bresch. Almost 100 percent over that period----    Ms. Bresch. I'm saying over the last 8 years.    Ms. Bresch. And, sir, today that is $274 that we receive for the EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, I believe it's almost 300 percent.    Ms. Bresch. After--I mean, from that----    Ms. Bresch. After the cost of goods come out and then you take out all other EpiPen-related costs.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we have a large market share. We don't control. At any point in time----    Ms. Bresch. Correct.    Ms. Bresch. Sir, we have had many competitors in and out of this marketplace. In fact, that just underscores the complexity of the product----    Ms. Bresch. But, sir, it's also because we are reaching almost double the amount of patients in protecting and having the ability to be prepared with an EpiPen. So we absolutely expanded access and reach to patients who are at risk, as well as putting them in public places like our schools program.    Ms. Bresch. And, sir, that's why we have taken every step to ensure everyone who needs an EpiPen has one. And all of our programs, from whether it's the access program or copay card or the schools program, so that our 700,000 free EpiPens throughout the 65,000 public schools. And we want to reach the other 65,000 public schools.    Ms. Bresch. Do you mean in the product or how it's distributed?    Ms. Bresch. So the supply chain for a generic is different than the supply chain for a brand. Primarily----    Ms. Bresch. Authorized generic and a generic would be the same channel.    Ms. Bresch. So the distribution channels do differ, primarily given the fact that generics are for the retail pharmacy. So there's the supply chain from a pharmacy manager or the formularies differ quite a bit from the brand to the generic.    Ms. Bresch. So, sir, for many--on the generics, for many, we do deal directly with pharmacies, whether they're large chains or if they're independents and have----    Ms. Bresch. Because most of America falls under a formulary of payers, and pharmacy benefit managers manage those formularies for insurers or for employers. So they manage what products can be--it's tiered. They decide what products can be on a tier two or a tier three, so whether it's preferred or not preferred. So they serve as an administrator for most employers.    Ms. Bresch. As far as deciding what products are on--that they'll reimburse for or at what rate they'll reimburse for them.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir. It will be considerably less.    Ms. Bresch. So there still is--there is still--there is still fees and rebates and discounts on the generic side, on the generic channel. They're just not as significant. So we're charging, we set a wholesale acquisition price at 300, and we estimated that our net, what would come to Mylan, would be 200. After you take cost of goods out of that and EpiPen-related costs, it will certainly be less than the $50 that we talked about today around the profit per pen that Mylan receives on the brand.    Ms. Bresch. Sure. So this is the math of--you can see the wholesale acquisition, the Mylan revenue of 274 minus the cost of goods minus the direct cost, which is the $100 or $50 per pen. And what we've said for the generic--and what we have said for the generic is that the wholesale acquisition would be at 300. Mylan received 200, less cost of goods, less EpiPen-related cost. So it will be substantially less than the $50 of profit per pen that we receive on the brand.    Ms. Bresch. Not a loss, sir. I just said we would be making less than the $50, substantially less than the $50 per pen we're making today.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, we've given free EpiPens.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, they can purchase additional pens if they want.    Ms. Bresch. Schools that have decided to purchase just additional--besides the four, because we give four free EpiPens----    Ms. Bresch. I think around 5 percent. So I think there has been about 45,000 EpiPens.    Ms. Bresch. No, no, EpiPens purchased.    Ms. Bresch. I'm not sure how many. I don't know how many schools.    Ms. Bresch. It's a very small number. It doesn't--it's very small. The 66,000 schools are who we've given free EpiPens to.    Ms. Bresch. Schools did not have to purchase any EpiPens.    Ms. Bresch. For people who wanted to buy it at the discounted rate, yes. But that had nothing--the free EpiPens had no----    Ms. Bresch. Well, I disagree with that, because they did not have to buy our pens. Our free EpiPens----    Ms. Bresch. If they wanted a heavily discounted price, yes, they bought EpiPens.    Ms. Bresch. They don't have to buy them, and everyone is eligible for a free one.    Ms. Bresch. I'm sorry, Congressman. That is completely inaccurate.    Ms. Bresch. So it certainly was never intended for--the wholesale acquisition cost, the system, we certainly didn't make the system. Mylan didn't make the system.    Ms. Bresch. Well, I wish there was a simple answer. The system has been around for decades, and it certainly has not kept pace with the evolving health care that our Nation faces, the crisis, to your point, that health care faces.    I believe that first there needs to be more transparency in the system and certainly welcome the opportunity to sit down in a more holistic way and have the conversation. But the whole supply chain, to your point, has to be involved in that.    Ms. Bresch. I absolutely believe that if we want consumers to be able to shop and get them engaged in the system, they absolutely have to know how much something costs to be able to make the value proposition.    Ms. Bresch. Thank you.    Ms. Bresch. Well, I just would say that it's constantly about trying to reach as many patients as we possibly can. So we continue to invest in being able to reach and provide that access.    Ms. Bresch. It is, I believe, 97--97--I believe it's right around 97,600 for a family of four.    Ms. Bresch. So the patient assistant program is for anyone who falls under that 97,200. So it would capture anybody who--a family of four making less than that would be eligible for the free pens.    Ms. Bresch. Anyone below 97,000 would get the free pens, the eligibility.    Ms. Bresch. Right.    Ms. Bresch. It would be free for any family of four making $97,000 or less.    Ms. Bresch. It could be several. The majority, the overwhelming majority of our patients, 85 percent are paying little to--between $50, $100, it depends on the commercial plan. But we know that about 85 percent or more are paying $100 or less than $50, but that's why we also have the copay card, the savings card that would allow you to put that towards what you're paying at the counter. So it would go against your out-of-pocket cost.    Ms. Bresch. It's very small. Most of our--percentage-wise, the majority of our patients are under commercial plans.    Ms. Bresch. About 70 to 75 percent, I believe, are in commercial plans.    Ms. Bresch. It varies, depending, because all the plans are different.    Ms. Bresch. The majority pay $50 or less out of pocket. Some of that group pays $100 or less out of pocket. And you can use--we also offer a savings card of now $300 that you can use towards any of your out-of-pocket expense.    Ms. Bresch. And it's because of that growing minority that we then took the actions we took about putting the generic in place.    Ms. Bresch. Because of the higher deductibles that people are faced to pay, the rise of the higher deductible plans, as you know, has grown tremendously, you know, this year alone, and so that is having more out-of-pocket cost. And because of that is why we took the, like I said, unprecedented step to put the generic in that would lower the cost for everybody.    Mr. Bresch. Yes. We have definitely said it should be on the preventative drug list.    Ms. Bresch. Minimal. I mean, it's been internal resources about trying to educate, one, just about the need for epinephrine auto-injectors to certainly make sure everyone has access.    Ms. Bresch. Towards the formularies who make the decision about whether or not to put a product on the----    Ms. Bresch. So it would be the people that are the large pharmacy managers. So there's several--many companies out there that are the pharmacy managers, and they're the ones that have some decisions around what can go on the preventable drug list or not for the lives they cover.    Ms. Bresch. We believe that starting 8 years ago, balancing that price and access and making sure that we could not only in public places, but reach more lives and reach more patients, was absolutely critical.    Ms. Bresch. And, look, that's why we put the generic.    Ms. Bresch. That's why we cut.    Ms. Bresch. You're correct. I mean, all pharmaceuticals are all different under every different plan.    Mr. Bresch. Well, and that's why we were giving you what we receive on an average, the 274.    Ms. Bresch. So, obviously, our patient assistant program is to help those families, but the reality is that the majority of the patients fall either with the commercial insurance that have--that aren't facing those huge out-of-pocket costs.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir, that's what our rebate----    Ms. Bresch. No. The uninsured is really the only person----    Ms. Bresch. What gets factored into the cost of product from free EpiPens to even our EpiPen for School program----    Ms. Bresch. --we've given over 700,000 pens. But really the minority of patients, this uninsured patient that was faced with that paying the wholesale acquisition cost or that price is that growing minority is why we took the step we did was to say, hey, we're going to----    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. Our company is strong, and we believe that's the best way to serve our patients.    Ms. Bresch. No. What I am frustrated in is that because the system is so opaque, and people--it's hard, it's complicated. I was trying to share today that you don't typically have that transparency of what the company actually receives and what that wholesale acquisition cost is. So that was the frustration.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. EpiPen is less than 10 percent of our overall revenue.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. And we did listen and take immediate action to put a generic in at half the price, and that's truly an unprecedented action for a brand to do that. So we did listen, and we believe that we took unprecedented action in getting the generic on the market.    Ms. Bresch. No, we're not making a higher profit off the generic.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. I don't remember exact number, but I would say minimal in the scope of what we've spent on awareness and access. But that outreach and lobbying was for the epinephrine.    Ms. Bresch. To be able to have it in the school's name and not a child's name----    Ms. Bresch. We give it every year free.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Look, I am absolutely--I don't--I would hope that nobody would want to go back in a period of time to where the awareness was so shockingly low and the access was almost nonexistent for EpiPens. I believe that we have continued to balance that access. It does come at a price, and we've tried to balance that price and access while at the same time continuing to have access in more places. Like I said, I hope the other 65,000 schools, that we can get free EpiPens to them.    I'm also proud of the hearing and understanding this growing minority of patients and the uninsured or people facing that high out of pocket, that we took immediate action to put the generic out there, which is unprecedented, as well as some of the actions from the tripling the copay card or raising the eligibility of the patient assistance.    Ms. Bresch. No.    Ms. Bresch. Which is why we went the step of putting a generic in the marketplace, so that we could make sure we touched every patient and tried to make sure every access point was covered. So by putting the generic in and dropping the wholesale cost to 300, we believe went certainly beyond, and again, to reach and provide access to as many patients as we can.    Ms. Bresch. Completely.    Ms. Bresch. We still have the patient assistant program and the copays for the brand, but by introducing the generic, we hope that it's--you know, we hope there's 85-88 percent generic utilization of the generic.    Ms. Bresch. Well, and, Congressman, at least the parts that you were reading, I think, go to the patient assistant program or the copay as what they were giving their description of versus the generic. They didn't speak about the generic.    Ms. Bresch. Putting the generic in is, like I said, an unprecedented move so that we could reach as many patients as----    Ms. Bresch. I don't agree with the LA Times' description of the programs or our process, and I don't think they spoke about the generic program that we've now announced.    Like I said, we have invested, and with the point of wanting to reach more patients, if we're now reaching almost 3 million patients, that's 2 million more that are protected and hopefully much better--in a much better position if an anaphylactic event occurs, aside from the school program, again, because so many people have allergic events that had never had a known allergy, so----    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Much less than today. I think it was--I mean, it was certainly less than half of the----    Ms. Bresch. So, no, cost of goods has gone up every year, and our investment has continued--we've continued to invest in the product.    Ms. Bresch. I totally appreciate that, and I appreciate there has been a lot of misinformation, understandably so, given the complexity as, you know, many of you have pointed out, in the system.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. So that goes--that is between the other people in the supply chain, the pharmacy benefit managers, retail pharmacy, wholesalers and insurers.    Ms. Bresch. Probably be better to have a PBM.    Mr. Bresch. But, philosophically, I think that the pharmacy manager, the system, that that is----    Ms. Bresch. Uh-huh.    Ms. Bresch. No. There has been competition, as we've said, throughout the years.    Ms. Bresch. But I think this is kind of--if I only could just get this point. Auvi-Q, which launched their product at the end of 2013. So we did have to face formulary choices of not even being on the formulary due to the competition in the marketplace.    Ms. Bresch. But I would ask that people recognize our product and that it is more complicated. Auvi-Q was completely recalled off the market for safety reasons, which is a very rare event.    Ms. Bresch. And I understand how complicated and how head scratching that is, which is why, you know, I've said I would welcome the opportunity to sit down--you know, I know this is about EpiPen, but look at the system.    Ms. Bresch. And, look, and that's why the generic, being able to put it into the market, that would help lower healthcare costs across the board.    Ms. Bresch. A decade ago, and I know that this is complicated, but the authorized generics of keeping a first generic or competing with the generic, in this instance, that's not this case, but----    Ms. Bresch. Sir, one, I'm not sure of the cost, but what I would say is they have a completely different system.    Ms. Bresch. I haven't.    Ms. Bresch. I have not.    Ms. Bresch. No.    Ms. Bresch. No.    Ms. Bresch. No.    Ms. Bresch. No, sir.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Correct.    Ms. Bresch. Correct. That would be the $50 per pen.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Well, the contracts are around products, multiple products. To participate on the formularies, the patients have access to the products.    Ms. Bresch. I don't have a breakdown between the channels, but that's where showing that between those----    Ms. Bresch. I don't specifically know the breakdown between those four buckets, between the PBMs, the pharmacy, the insurers, or the wholesalers.    Ms. Bresch. I don't.    Ms. Bresch. I don't know.    Ms. Bresch. I just don't want to give you an inaccurate number. I agree that we have contracts.    Ms. Bresch. I'll certainly go back and look at that. I'm just saying I don't want to give an inaccurate number to you.    Ms. Bresch. I certainly would agree that transparency is needed. The healthcare system has evolved dramatically over the last decade, and I'm sure, as you've seen as a pharmacist, that the system hasn't kept pace with this evolution of the healthcare system.    Ms. Bresch. The most immediate thing I could do was put a generic into the market.    Ms. Bresch. We cut the price.    Ms. Bresch. But to the----    Ms. Bresch. --to the point of the wholesale acquisition cost of getting to those patients and making a difference, to your point, to make sure everyone who needs an EpiPen has one, I couldn't ensure by the wholesale acquisition cost on the branded side of this channel that that would get to all the patients.    Ms. Bresch. And, sir, what I can tell you is that to bypass this, the most immediate thing that we could do was to put a generic in, because it bypassed the formulary, everything you're just describing.    Ms. Bresch. I don't--I don't--those are still under--we haven't done those arrangements yet because we're launching----    Ms. Bresch. I don't know. I honestly don't know how----    Ms. Bresch. I have not negotiating those--but I can tell you, as you know, the formularies, the PBMs, and the generics, it's very different than on the brand side of the house, the channel.    Ms. Bresch. That's what I said. I don't want to give an inaccurate number---    Ms. Bresch. I absolutely will go back and work on that information.    Ms. Bresch. He asked specifically about the PBM, and I don't want to give an inaccurate answer.    Ms. Bresch. We pay rebates. We pay rebates on the generic as well.    Ms. Bresch. I don't--I can't sit here today and tell you what comes back on the generic. What I can tell you is that there's discounts and rebates paid, but it's a much smaller degree on the generic.    Ms. Bresch. I mean, I have no----    Ms. Bresch. Yeah, no--yes. Just I'm not sure what's asking or how--I don't want to promise something----    Ms. Bresch. No, no, I know what he's asking about what it takes to give you that information, but we will do it as soon as possible.    Ms. Bresch. Ten days?    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. I believe that sounds correct.    Ms. Bresch. Earlier in the week, not today. Yes, I flew, but just not today.    Ms. Bresch. I did.    Ms. Bresch. Other employees.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. No, I'm saying other employees accompanied me.    Ms. Bresch. Look, I know that--it's fortunate and it's for efficiency and safety. And, yes, I understand----    Ms. Bresch. From Pittsburgh.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. I believe it was in the mid-20s to low-20s, before we inverted.    Ms. Bresch. It's between 15 to 17 percent.    Ms. Bresch. So the 15 to 17 percent is our global tax rate. I mean, that's after averaging everything out. So we in the United States are still paying higher taxes on everything that we sell here in the United States.    Ms. Bresch. We're still paying taxes----    Ms. Bresch. --higher taxes.    Ms. Bresch. We did not lower.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. No.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. We are now domiciled in the Netherlands and handle our--and run our global business, but physically, yes, we work out of Canonsburg.    Ms. Bresch. So, again, we do pay taxes here in the United States for all of the sales of all the revenue that we receive here in the United States. So we are absolutely paying our taxes for everything that we sell here in the United States.    Ms. Bresch. That's our current market share, but there's been products in and out of this marketplace over the years. And as----    Ms. Bresch. Pardon me?    Ms. Bresch. Yes, yes.    Ms. Bresch. There's an Adrenaclick authorized generic, and I'm not sure of its exact price, but I believe it's in the $450 range.    Ms. Bresch. Look, I am blessed and fortunate. I've been working at this company for 25 years and representing 40,000 employees. So what--Mylan has continued to provide access to multiple medications here in the U.S., over 600 products.    Ms. Bresch. I am--I love that Mylan is trying to make a difference every day in what we do and how much product and how much access we are bringing and the savings to this country alone, which, over the last decade, have been $180 billion.    Ms. Bresch. I think to your point, the free market system and delivering--being a well-run company and delivering great shareholder value is part of that free market system.    Ms. Bresch. And I--other than commenting that, yeah, the free market system and--is--I hope that there are companies that are definitely giving back, giving back and creating access and providing--providing many things. And, like I said, I go back to Mylan and what we have been able to create and with 80 billion doses capacity and building up to lower those healthcare costs. So----    Ms. Bresch. EpiPen is a brand drug.    Ms. Bresch. You mean based on CMS classification. It's a noninnovator drug.    Ms. Bresch. The definition, CMS has a statutory definition for innovator and noninnovator drugs.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, that's how it's classified.    Ms. Bresch. I'm not familiar. I'm trying to--what settlement?    Ms. Bresch. I'm not recalling the settlement that you are speaking of.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, there has been conversations with CMS.    Ms. Bresch. I have not.    Ms. Bresch. I have not.    Ms. Bresch. No.    Ms. Bresch. Yes. People at the company have talked. Staff has talked back and forth.    Ms. Bresch. I think there's been several people, I mean, several people within the company that have had conversations.    Ms. Bresch. I'm sure we could tell you--yes, I'm sure we----    Ms. Bresch. I'm sure that we can do that.    Ms. Bresch. I'm sure we can. Like I said, I've not had any of----    Ms. Bresch. Sure.    Ms. Bresch. When we acquired the product, it had been designated as a noninnovator drug. And there's been several points throughout time that have confirmed that status.    Ms. Bresch. Certainly before the end of the year. Over the next----    Ms. Bresch. Couple of months, yes.    Ms. Bresch. I'm not sure what that classification--we haven't submitted that document. We haven't submitted yet, because we haven't launched the product.    Ms. Bresch. The average revenue that Mylan receives for a 2-Pak of EpiPens.    Ms. Bresch. I actually thought it was lower than the 200. I actually thought the majority of patients pay less than 100, and then many pay less than 50.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes, you have to have a prescription.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Well, it could range from--it could be anything, because all the plans--if you're uninsured or if you're--it would range, because every plan is different.    Ms. Bresch. It could--because we don't set the price that's--that when the patient walks up to the pharmacy counter----    Ms. Bresch. Our revenue is the 274 per pen, on average.    Ms. Bresch. Right.    Ms. Bresch. But the cost to the patient is different than what we're receiving.    Ms. Bresch. And I think that--and when----    Ms. Bresch. Correct.    Ms. Bresch. Correct.    Ms. Bresch. Because the patient--what the patient is paying is not--is not coming back to Mylan. And when we were speaking earlier of the people, the middlemen in the system, so that's either the pharmacy benefit managers, retailers, wholesalers, insurers, is where--because I'm not--I'm not interfacing directly, from a price perspective or a pay perspective, to the patient.    Ms. Bresch. And it's that growing minority that I spoke of earlier that is being faced now with the wholesale acquisition cost or more at the counter.    Ms. Bresch. So the $50-per-pen profit is for the direct EpiPen-related cost. We didn't--there's no company allocation or anything like that off of that.    Ms. Bresch. No. I think what we were saying in there is that's how we reinvest the profit that we make. But I thought you were asking me how the $50----    Ms. Bresch. Well, it's not coming out of--the $50 number I'm showing you per pen is taking no company allocation to that whatsoever.    Ms. Bresch. And we absolutely take our profits and reinvest in our business. I mean, to your point, we're--this year alone, 750 million in R&D we're spending across bringing hundreds of products to the market.    Ms. Bresch. And I'm saying it's not--we didn't take any of that out of this $50. When we're showing you this $50 profit----    Ms. Bresch. Correct. But----    Ms. Bresch. It's not. It's not on here. $50 would be lower if we were taking those company allocations, like running the business, out of this. This is straight just EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. Well, we certainly could--I, sitting here today, don't have the cumulative number, but I totally understand and had--I know if I had only read everything that's been out there around the price, I can totally understand how perplexing it is and the system. And I would hope that, while I don't have answers how to fix all of it, I think that I couldn't agree more: the transparency of the 608 down is needed across the board, because patients have no visibility, pharmacists--nobody's got a visibility of the value or where--what's being paid for what. And I think----    Ms. Bresch. No. That's why I was saying----    Ms. Bresch. I think hopefully what you'll see with the generic coming to the market is a----    Ms. Bresch. I do. And I----    Ms. Bresch. We believe that the generic was much more meaningful to make sure we're reaching those patients, so that--across all the access points. And one thing I would say--and I know you've had other companies in here, and I know orphan drugs. There has been conversations across this. I would say, just as an example, Mylan's had an orphan drug product called Cystagon on the market for years, years and years. And at--it treats a very small number of patients, cystinosis, less than--I believe it's now 500. It's a very, very rare disorder. And that price has stayed around $1,200 to $2,000 annually to provide the medicine needed every day, where a company came on the market 3 years ago at $300,000 to treat that same patient population with just a more convenient dose.    So I understand that there are the things that you've seen and companies that you've spoken to, but I would hope that you would be able to look at Mylan and the role that we've played with generics, the role that I play if I talk about our Cystagon experience, or trying to make sure that the access point for people who are both carrying it but in schools and in other public places, so that there is an EpiPen there or an epinephrine auto-injector there for anyone who needs it whenever----    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. We will certainly produce everything that we can.    Ms. Bresch. And I know we've been responsive, and I know that we're still--I mean, this has been real time. I understand that we've produced thousands of documents, a couple thousand documents. And I know that there's more--there's more that we have to produce. And I'm saying that I'm sure we will produce everything that we possibly can to give you the visibility and the transparency to the numbers that I'm showing you here today.    Ms. Bresch. I can't speak to all of those contracts, from the confidentiality agreements in some of those, the competitive information in some of those. But that's why I've got to rely on the lawyers who are producing these documents to make sure we're staying compliant with some of the other provisions in the contracts.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. No, no. This rebates and allowances are all the things that you were speaking of, the PBM, retail. That's all the rebates and things that flow to all the----    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. It's part of it.    Ms. Bresch. It's in there.    Ms. Bresch. That's--so all of the fees, there's wholesaler fees, discounts, rebates. That's just capturing everything that's between the 608 and the 274, which is what Mylan receives.    Ms. Bresch. And that's what I said I didn't want to give you an inaccurate number. There's----    Ms. Bresch. And across our business?    Ms. Bresch. But for EpiPen, we are paying rebates to the     Ms. Bresch. I don't--we're not getting EpiPen-specific rebates from an EpiPen from being the manufacturer.    Ms. Bresch. I don't believe----    Ms. Bresch. I don't believe so on--like, for instance, if we're just talking about EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. But--so we--what I don't want to confuse is we're a manufacturer. We're also an employer. So we have a PBM that is managing, say, all of employees in the U.S. So what I didn't want to give you is an inaccurate number. If there was rebates that come from the PBM as an employer versus the manufacturing, we're paying the rebates for the products.    Ms. Bresch. And that's why we have said and encouraged, to your point, that transparency and where that's flowing and how it works, so that you do know what the cost is.    Ms. Bresch. Sure.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. Our profit is approximately $50 per pen.    Ms. Bresch. That's everything that we're paying to our partner for the cost of goods sold.    Ms. Bresch. Because we are--we have a partner on the product.    Ms. Bresch. So we pay a price to----    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. No. We're partnered on the product.    Ms. Bresch. Per 2-Pak.    Ms. Bresch. For two EpiPens.    Ms. Bresch. Yes.    Ms. Bresch. So sales, marketing, the disease awareness. So everything that would be directed to EpiPen or around anaphylaxis awareness. All the access programs. So that would be all-inclusive of everything directly related to EpiPen.    Ms. Bresch. So that's not on here. These are just direct EpiPen-related costs. So, I mean, if you look at our--the entire company, obviously, that was the point I was trying to just say earlier, that this doesn't--this is looking at a product on a standalone basis versus saying it takes a company or human resources or other entities to sell the product. So this doesn't take any of that into consideration. This is just giving you an approximate profit on just from an EpiPen-related perspective.    Ms. Bresch. If you took company allocation and all that in, yes.    Ms. Bresch. And we----    Ms. Bresch. And, Chairman, I don't think we said we weren't making money. I think all we were trying to set the record straight as to the dollar amounts that have been out there around the 608 price to show that what we actually receive is the 274 and to walk down that. And we will happily provide the definitions and that transparency to show you the $50.    Ms. Bresch. Right. And that's what----    Ms. Bresch. And that is what our data shows, and we will.    Ms. Bresch. No, I didn't know that if there's confidentiality----