    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. It does get a little tiring to keep being reminded that President Bush is responsible for all of our problems. After all of these years they are still blaming President Bush.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Thank you very much.    I am--are we actually more concerned about the mullah regime in Iran having possession of a nuclear weapon versus what we seem to be just talking about--is their ability to manufacture a nuclear weapon?    Don't we see this--do you see that in this debate, Mr. Secretary, and shouldn't we be--I think, frankly, with Mr. Netanyahu's speech as well as what we have been hearing here, I think the American people are being lulled into a false sense of security--that if we just prevent them from being able to manufacture the weapon that these crazy mullahs aren't going to have their hands on the ability to have possession a nuclear weapon.    Mr. Rohrabacher. You have to push a button on it.    Mr. Rohrabacher. Negotiate what away?    Mr. Rohrabacher. That is not my question. Whether they can manufacture it or not, couldn't they get one from Pakistan or from China or from Korea or perhaps somebody stole a couple nuclear weapons as the Soviet Union was collapsing?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, the only--the only way we are going to prevent these bad guys from having the nuclear weapon--we keep saying Iran. We don't really mean Iran. The people of Iran are really nice people.    In fact, I understand they like Americans more than just about any other country in the world. It is the mullah regime. It is these the bloody mullahs that are supporting terrorism around the world, that are repressing their own people.    Isn't the real answer trying to make ourselves partners with those people in Iran who want a more democratic country, a more democratic country, and has not this administration passed up time and time again the opportunity to work with the people of Iran to free themselves from these mullahs?    Mr. Rohrabacher. Well, I would suggest--I would suggest that I give you an A+ in terms of being able to focus people's attention on these negotiations dealing with the ability for them to manufacture a weapon.    I would give you an F- when it comes to whether or not we can try to get rid of the threat by helping the people of Iran institute a democratic government there.    This administration from day one in order to--frankly, the irony of this is, I believe this administration is bending over backwards not to try to threaten the mullah regime in Iran in order to get a nuclear deal which will make no difference at all because it still leaves the mullahs with the right to own and possess a nuclear weapon that they didn't manufacture themselves, which leaves us vulnerable to these very same----