    Ms. Soto. Thank you very much, Chairman and members of the committee, for the opportunity. Puerto Rico has enjoyed, in the past, a commonwealth status responsible for catapulting our economic development. But the world has changed. That which once made us successful now lacks the necessary tools to handle today's reality. Ultimately, any viable political status must provide the necessary economic tools to engage and sustain an equitable economic growth while strengthening our democracy.    Puerto Rico has been denied these tools far too long, and as long as our options are defined by the powers of this Congress, we will always be at your mercy. The measure of our success will always be limited by the vastness of your control over our affairs.    I admit, as did the Governor, that our current financial situation has a healthy dose of shared responsibility. For years, we engaged in chronic patterns of unhealthy indebtedness, while you denied us or took away the few tools we have at our disposal. Sir Winston Churchill once said, ``Give us the tools to win this war.'' It is profoundly evident that our political status will determine the tools we have at our disposal to wage and win the economic war we are immersed in.    Far too long you have benefited from our inability to reach a consensus in the status question. No more--you can no longer use that as an excuse to neglect your responsibility. Paraphrasing Gandhi--``The time has come for you to recognize that you are masters in somebody else's land.'' The time has come for you to put in motion a true self-determination process which ensures all voices and all options have equal access to the formulation and implementation of the status resolution issue.    I come before you as one of the 454,768 Puerto Ricans who, in November 2012, voted to transform the present commonwealth relationship into a non-territorial, non-colonial, free associated state, to request that Congress include said option in any status-defining process in a manner which is distinguishable from other status options.    Said new status is based on the recognition of the sovereignty of the people of Puerto Rico and our inalienable right to choose whichever form of government we see fit. The ELA Soberano will be forged on a compact of association in accordance with international law. We aspire, as the majority of Puerto Ricans, to guarantee for present and future generations the common bond of U.S. citizenship.    Of course, any serious self-determination process--and I must clarify I am personally in favor of a status assembly--will take time. However, there are matters which may be addressed immediately.    One, we must ensure Resident Commissioner Pedro Pierluisi's bill to include Puerto Rico in Chapter 9 of the U.S. bankruptcy law is swiftly approved, so that we have the legal capability to restructure our obligations and pay them in a manner consistent with the well-being of our people. We recently tried to deal with this issue and the Federal court ruled against us. I fully support this bill.    Two, give us the authority to enter into commercial agreements with other countries, as well as partially or fully exempt us, just as the Virgin Islands next to us, from the yoke placed upon us by the Jones Act.    You have the power to help Puerto Rico. Now you must exercise it. You have the moral obligation to end the trite pilgrimage of Puerto Ricans looking for the status question to be resolved. You must move forward. I assure you, you will be met by an alliance of relentless people who know how--who have in the past and will in the future, once again, overcome adversity. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.