    Mr. YOUNG. I will yield myself 5 minutes. The chairman had to step out. I thank all of the panelists for your testimony today. Very informative, each of you.    I think all of us agree our safety net programs have to reflect our values. And those values, I think collectively as a country, are about regarding every single American as an asset to be realized and not a liability to be written off.    That is really the function of these safety net programs. And to the extent to which we can further improve the integrity of these programs, the better we realize that overall objective.    In a previous life, I worked as a management consultant. And, specifically, I did most of my work in the state and local government space. So I have some appreciation for the value that the private sector can add with respect to project management, program integrity, innovation, technology, implementation, and business process redesign.    So I was very much struck by Ms. Rohlman's testimony and the good work, Equifax, your company, is doing to improve program integrity especially through the automated income and employment verification services that you offer through your proprietary database, The Work Number.    Your solutions facilitate a delivery of a streamlined, secure, and timely transfer of information between employers, on the one hand, and verifiers to help ensure that we have an accelerated decision-making process of an individual's government benefit eligibility.    This means cutting through bureaucratic red tape, reducing program abuse. There is less back-and-forth under your process, less waste of paperwork and human resources, and we can spend more time helping people who really need a hand up instead of trying to verify employment and income.    I would like Ms. Rohlman kindly to elaborate on specifically how your automated verification services can improve the process to assist individuals who are at need at the State and Federal level.    Mr. YOUNG. Thank you.    We are here to improve program integrity. And so I would be remiss if I didn't ask you in my remaining minutes which I yielded to myself what sort of barriers Equifax encounters in various States.    I can recall, as a management consultant, there would be different risk factors in every implementation, every project, some of them legislative, others regulatory, some human resource.    How can we help improve program integrity, working with companies and other entities like yours?    Mr. YOUNG. Thank you. Very helpful.    I now yield to Mrs. Noem.