    Mr. Berteau. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Hunter, Ranking Member Garamendi, Ranking Member Costa, distinguished Members of the Subcommittees, I appreciate the opportunity to testify today on behalf of the Defense Department on cargo preference, the U.S. Merchant Marine, and it is importance to us. My organization has the policy and oversight responsibilities for logistics and materiel readiness, as you noted, which includes sealift, air lift, transportation across the board. I ask, as you suggested, that my written statement in its entirety be included in the record, and I will summarize a little bit in my oral statement.    I must start out by saying I was born on a farm in Louisiana, and grew up picking strawberries, and later ran a farm in Texas. I grew up in the auto parts business, and married a car dealer's daughter, so the union of transportation and agriculture makes perfect sense to me. It has been true for my entire life. The success, however, of the Defense Department is much more than just that union. Our success depends on getting to the mission, and sustaining that mission, and that means we have to be ready. We have to have the national security readiness. Sealift capability is a major aspect of that readiness. We meet those requirements in part by maintaining our own surge sealift capacity, mostly roll-on, roll-off ships, by pre-positioning military equipment and supplies onboard ships located in key areas. But we also rely on the ships and the mariners in the commercial U.S. Merchant Marine as a contributor to our capacity to surge when needed.    We have a range of commercial sealift programs that we participate in across the government to support that role. My written statement covers some of those. I am sure we will discuss them today. They are important for the overall health of the Merchant Marine, as well as for providing the Defense Department with assured access to the capacity we need when we need it. The availability of mariners is at least as important as the availability of the number of ships for crewing both U.S.-flag commercial vessels, as well as for the Navy logistics support vessels, and the surge capacity. And as U.S.-flag ships decline in numbers, then the mariner jobs associated with those potentially also declines, and that is something that we watch carefully.    Ultimately, American depends on the Defense Department to be ready to execute its national security missions. That is why we are here. The availability of ships and mariners from the U.S. Merchant Marine is an important element of that readiness. With that, Mr. Chairman, I want to conclude my opening remarks. I thank you for holding this hearing, and inviting us to participate, and I look forward to answering any questions you may have. Thank you.    Mr. Berteau. How do I think what?    Mr. Berteau. I think that, in many cases in humanitarian aid, the folks who are trying to figure out what to do, time is of the essence.    Mr. Berteau. I think time----    Mr. Costa.--the last couple of what? Do you have----    Mr. Berteau. I think time is the critical measure there.    Mr. Berteau. Not that the Defense Department tracks. I suspect the Administration does, but I don't track those metrics.    Mr. Berteau. I would say that, for those areas where the Defense Department is directly involved, for instance the Defense Logistics Agency providing humanitarian assistance, and we are doing this right now, to refugee camps in Jordan, in Lebanon, in Turkey, in Iraq, we track very carefully the entire requirements which we receive from the U.S. Agency for International Development, or the State Department, through the purchase, the transportation, and the ultimate delivery to the endpoint. So we track that very carefully in----    Mr. Berteau. For the most part it is going into ports in the Persian Gulf coming in, into Turkey coming down, or into Jordan directly. And it is both through ship and by air, depending--medical supplies, for instance, are often brought by air because of the perishability of them.    Mr. Berteau. Right.    Mr. Costa.--more cost-effective to bring----    Mr. Berteau. Right.    Mr. Costa.--it in by air----    Mr. Berteau. We work hard in those cases to minimize the transportation costs, and maximize the amount of money availability to deliver humanitarian services. That is one of the trades that you have to make. But, again, time becomes a critical element----    Mr. Berteau. If you look at the total amount of cargo preference capacity that we use, the single biggest factor of that, of course, is DOD's shipping of its own material and equipment. That runs roughly \4/5\ of the total cargo preference run across the board. Food aid ends up being about another 15 percent of the total, and then other Federal cargo preferences, Ex-Bank, et cetera, ends up making up the rest of the difference. The DOD portion of that, of course, has been declining, because we no longer have hundreds of thousands of troops deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan. I think Chairman Hunter mentioned that it is not going to zero. There is probably a floor here that we are at right now. So if we look at the modest impact of the----    Mr. Berteau. I don't think I have a precise prediction of tonnage and dates for ships, but the chances are that we are going to be in that business for quite some time.    Mr. Berteau. And, Mr. Chairman, for the record, we are encouraging them to try to get back up from 57.    Mr. Berteau. Let me start with the third of those, on the implementation end. We have a number of additional questions that have come up from the reviews that are put in place there, and chief among them is the constancy, and consistency, and reliability of the data that are generated underneath that. What we found is there are a number of disconnects in the information, and we have to resolve that. For example, the actual demand generated by the requirements that we have laid out can be interpreted in a variety of different ways, square footage, tonnage, or a specific capacity for cargo, and we have to reconcile those.    Mr. Berteau. I arrived while--in my----    Mr. Berteau. I think there are some, but not a sufficient number.    Mr. Berteau. We are looking forward to that. I have reviewed that draft strategy, and I did provide some comments back to them, and we are looking forward to the next round with them. I think that it gives a basis for us to work more closely together to make sure we are making the same decisions from common data.    Mr. Berteau. I actually wish I knew the answer to that question, of why it is so hard. It is pretty obvious to me. Now, we are not using a lot of our capacity to support the kinds of long-term, high-sustained combat operations that we are actually designed to mobilize for. We are not doing them because that is not the war we are in right now. However, to say that we don't want to have the capability to do that would almost guarantee that the opposite outcome would occur. I literally don't know why this is so hard to understand.    Mr. Berteau. So we create our requirements not in terms of number of ships, but in terms of the requirements of what goes on those ships. So it is square footage, it is tonnage, it is container capacity, it is roll-on/roll-off capacity across the entire fleet. Translating that into ship by ship numbers ends up with a range, if you will, of ships available to us. We haven't fully tested the limits of our current capacity and capability for quite a number of decades. I mean, the closest we have come was Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm, which was mentioned earlier as a high demand test for our overall capacity. We used a lot, again, at the beginning----    Mr. Berteau. Today we can probably meet the demand. We have not done a capability requirements study in about 6 years now. I think it is about time for us to undertake another one. A lot of the world has changed since 2009, the last time we did it. I think it is time for us to update those requirements.    Mr. Berteau. I would agree with----    Mr. Berteau. It could well be.    Mr. Berteau. I am insufficiently comfortable with the notion----    Mr. Berteau. I am insufficiently comfortable with the statement that we have enough.    Mr. Berteau. Yes.    Mr. Berteau. It means I am uncomfortable, yes.    Mr. Berteau. I cannot sit here and tell you that we can meet the demand that might occur.    Mr. Berteau. And that is why I am uncomfortable.    Mr. Berteau. And I would note that the two examples we use here, Persian Gulf I in the early 1990s, Persian Gulf II in the early 2000s, neither one extended over a period of time longer than 6 months. So the real problem could become with a second rotation beyond a 6 month period.    Mr. Berteau. The answer to that question is probably yes, but that is a scenario that actually doesn't reflect the full spectrum of the scenarios we have to prepare for. For instance, in that scenario there is zero attrition of those ships as they are on the way there. We have to be prepared for the potential scenario in which, in fact, there is an adversary out there who doesn't admit to zero attrition as their objective.    Mr. Berteau. Yes, certainly from a Defense Department point of view, we would love to know the answer to that question, but it is not something we track.    Mr. Berteau. The economic reality of what you said is indisputable.    Mr. Berteau. Congresswoman, I would refer back to a little bit of what Congressman Kelly said, that the national security implications of this are much broader than just the Defense Department point of view. And one of the realities that we face today is there is actually no part of the world that doesn't matter anymore. Everything matters. It used to be there were places we could ignore, and no bad consequences would come from it.    When it comes to our ability to respond to major natural disasters, obviously Defense plays a critical role in both providing the capability to respond and the capacity to respond at the level we need to. But we do that in response, really, to the requirements that come from the broader national security community, interagency process and the White House. We don't generate those requirements. So I can't really analyze the specifics of the food aid impact of cash versus food in a generic sense there.    I know that when we are responding to a particular crisis, what we bring is the capacity to deliver. We don't have the stocks of food ourselves, but we bring the capacity to both create not only the carrying capacity, but the infrastructure at the receiving end to be able to offload and distribute in-country, and we have that capability inherent in our military today. And it is one of the key elements of shaping and engaging in nations all around the world that create the kind of bonds that we need to have with those nations in order to foster the kind of future we need to have.    Mr. Berteau. But if I could add a little bit to that? The initial capacity is largely generated by our internal capability that we already have. We have pre-positioned ships in place both ashore and afloat. That is very geographically determined, and it ties to the operational plans that are the foundation of those requirements. The longer term surge capacity is built in both for the organic capacity the Defense Department owns, and for the capacity that we looked at the commercial, is much less dependent on the geography because it has the lead time.    It also depends more on the geography of where the point of origin is for demarcation. Those are known quantities to us. Our ports where we are going to be shipping out of are known quantities to us, so we can align with that for planning purposes, because we have enough time, generally----