    Chairman Smith. The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing entitled ``Protecting the 2016 Elections from Cyber and Voting Machine Attacks.'' I'll recognize myself for an opening statement and then the Ranking Member.    We are here today to discuss the subject of election security. It's hard to imagine a more bipartisan issue. Election security is fundamental to the fairness of elections and democracy in the United States. Elections are a key component of democracy, and voting is the very essence of what President Abraham Lincoln meant when he said a government by the people.    Voting is the means by which Americans express their opinions about their government. It provides Americans with the opportunity to affirm policies they like and change what they don't. When our citizens vote, they not only elect their leaders, they choose a direction and set priorities for our nation. Elections with integrity strengthen democracy. They confer legitimacy and boost public trust in government.    Concerns with earlier versions of voting and election systems led to the passage of the 2002 Help America Vote Act. This act requires the National Institute of Standards and Technology, over which we have jurisdiction, to work with the Election Assistance Commission on technical, voluntary guidelines for voting.    Today, we will discuss the current technical voluntary guidelines that are in place for States to protect their voting and election systems. Though these guidelines are voluntary, I hope to hear whether they are sufficient to safeguard our elections and whether States effectively use them.    This discussion is timely as many concerns have been raised in recent months about the vulnerabilities of electronic voting machines, voting over the Internet, and online voter registration. In response to these concerns, our discussion today will review the security of the election system in its entirety. We will examine what guidelines are in place, how we currently protect systems from potential technical vulnerabilities, and what kind of work--including research and development in my home State of Texas--is underway to protect future voting and election systems.    Last year, hackers from China infiltrated the Office of Personnel Management's database and stole confidential records and personal information on more than 22 million current and former federal employees, including those involved in our national security effort with the highest security clearances. The attacks on voter registration databases in Illinois and Arizona are the latest instances of such attacks, this time with alleged ties to Russia. We have yet to take decisive steps to defend ourselves and deter attackers.    The President says we are more technologically advanced, both offensively and defensively, in cyber warfare than our adversaries. So why won't he take the necessary steps to prevent cyber attacks on our elections systems by foreign governments? If we are attacked repeatedly and do nothing, we will have surrendered unilaterally and put at risk our economy, our national security, and our very freedoms.    This committee has held more than a half-a-dozen hearings on cybersecurity issues in this Congress. We know it isn't enough to respond to cyber attacks with diplomatic protest. We are going to hear from witnesses today about how the Federal Government can help States keep our election systems secure. But the single most important way to protect our election systems, to protect each American's right to vote and be heard, is for this Administration--and for the next Administration--to take decisive steps to deter and, if necessary, sanction foreign governments that attack us in cyber space.    Chairman Smith. That concludes my opening statement, and the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Texas, Eddie Bernice Johnson, is recognized for hers.    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Ms. Johnson. And I'll introduce our witnesses. Our first witness today is Dr. Charles Romine, Director of the Information Technology Laboratory at the National Institute of Standards and Technology. In this capacity, Dr. Romine oversees a research program that develops and disseminates standards, measurements, and testing for interoperability, security, usability, and reliability of information systems, which includes cybersecurity standards and guidelines for federal agencies in U.S. industry.    Dr. Romine previously served as a Senior Policy Analyst at the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and is a Program Manager at the Department of Energy's Advanced Scientific Computing Research Office.    Dr. Romine received both his bachelor's degree in mathematics and his Ph.D. in applied mathematics from the University of Virginia.    I'll now recognize the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Abraham, to introduce our next witness, who happens to also be from Louisiana.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Abraham.    Our third witness today is Mr. David Becker, Executive Director and Co-Founder of the Center for Election Innovation and Research. Mr. Becker founded CEIR to increase voter turnout and give election officials the tools they need to ensure all eligible voters can vote conveniently and assist them with maximum integrity.    Prior to founding CEIR, Mr. Becker was the Director of the Elections Program at the Pew Charitable Trust where he worked on reforms in election administration. These reforms included using technology to provide voters with information they need to cast a ballot.    Mr. Becker received both his undergraduate and law degrees from the University of California at Berkeley.    Our final witness today from my home State of Texas is Dr. Dan Wallach, Professor in the Department of Computer Science and Rice Scholar at the Baker Institute for Public Policy at Rice University. Dr. Wallach's research covers a variety of topics in computer security. This includes electronic voting system security where he served as the Director of an NSF-funded multi-institution research center, A Center for Correct, Usable, Reliable, Auditable, and Transparent Elections, acronym for which is ACCURATE. He also served as a member of the Air Force Science Advisory Board from 2011 to 2015.    Dr. Wallach earned his bachelor's degree in electrical engineering and computer sciences at UC Berkeley and his master's and Ph.D. from Princeton University.    We welcome you all, appreciate your expert advice.    And, Dr. Romine, if you'll begin.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Romine. And, Secretary Schedler.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Secretary Schedler.    And, Mr. Becker.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Becker.    And, Dr. Wallach.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Dr. Wallach.    I'll recognize myself for questions. And, Dr. Wallach, let me address the first one to you. You raised a lot of interesting issues. I guess my question is where do you think our election systems are the most vulnerable? What are the one or two areas that we'd need to guard against?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you, Dr. Wallach.    By the way, when I hear you all recommend paper ballots, I wince a little bit because those of us from Texas have sometimes read about what happened in the 1950s where a ballot box was stuffed with paper ballots and it changed the outcome of a Senate race and perhaps elected the next President. So I sometimes worry about paper ballots as well.    Let me address a question to all the panelists here today. And we've heard about some of the vulnerabilities. Let me ask you to rate on a scale of one to five with five being the most vulnerable, the most at risk, where you think we stand both in this election, and let's take the long view--say this election and the next election--how vulnerable are we to being hacked, not necessarily successfully hacked, but how likely is it that there will be attempts to interfere in our elections process by foreign countries this election or the next? And again one to five with five being the greatest risk.    Dr. Romine?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Let's assume, then, how likely is it that there would be intentional attempted hacking in the next two elections? If you want to use----    Chairman Smith. Maybe I should say likely or unlikely, would you consider that to be an easier way to describe it or not?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you.    Secretary Schedler?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Good. Thanks. Mr. Becker?    Chairman Smith. So likely attempt, unlikely success?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Dr. Wallach?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Okay. A final quick question, what more should the Administration be doing to protect us from foreign countries attempted hacking of our election systems? Anybody?    Chairman Smith. Okay. My time is up. Any other quick responses to what more the Administration could be doing?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you.    The gentlewoman from Texas, Ms. Johnson, is recognized for her questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Johnson.The gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher.    The gentlewoman from California, Ms. Lofgren, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Lofgren.    And the gentleman from Louisiana, Mr. Abraham, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Abraham.    And the gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. Bonamici, is recognized for her questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bonamici.    And the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Loudermilk, is recognized for his questions.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Loudermilk.    And the gentleman from New York, Mr. Tonko, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Tonko.    Mr. Davidson is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Mr. Davidson.    And the gentlewoman from Maryland, Ms. Edwards, is recognized.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    The gentleman from Illinois, Mr. LaHood, is recognized.