    Mr. Graglia. Thank you for inviting me. I am glad to have this opportunity to speak to this important question, though I am not sure I can add much to what Professor Eastman's so very thorough presentation did.    It is difficult to imagine a more irrational and self-defeating legal system than one that makes unauthorized entry into the country a criminal offense and simultaneously provides the greatest possible inducement to illegal entry, a grant of American citizenship. How could such a legal system have come to be and be permitted to continue? The answer, its defenders will tell you, is the Constitution.    As Robert Jackson said in response to such arguments, the Constitution is not a suicide pact. The basis of the constitutional claim of birthright citizenship is, of course, the citizenship clause of the 14th Amendment, which has been read many times. Not anyone born--not everyone born in the United States, therefore, is automatically a citizen, only those subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. So the question becomes, what does that jurisdictional statement mean? How should it be interpreted?    Like any writing or at least any law, it should be interpreted to mean what it was intended to mean by those who adopted it, the ratifiers of the 14th Amendment. They could not have meant to grant birthright citizenship to children of illegal aliens because, for one thing, there were no illegal aliens in 1868 because there were no restrictions on immigration.    The purpose of the 14th Amendment was to constitutionalize the great 1866 Civil Rights Act, our first civil rights statute, which begins with the statement from which the citizenship clause of the 14th Amendment is derived. And that statement is: All persons born in the United States and not subject to any foreign power are hereby declared to be citizens of the United States.    The phrase ``not subject to any foreign power'' would clearly exclude the children of resident aliens, legal as well as illegal. The 14th Amendment citizenship clause substitutes the phrase ``and subject to the jurisdiction thereof,'' but there is no indication of any intent to change the original meaning.    Senators Lyman Trumbull of Illinois and Howard of Ohio, principle authors of the citizenship clause in both the 1866 act and the 14th Amendment, both stated that ``subject to the jurisdiction of the United States'' means not owing allegiance to anybody else, which, again, seems to clearly preclude birthright citizenship for the children of legal resident aliens and, a fortiori, more so of illegal aliens. It appears, therefore, that the Constitution far from requiring the grant of birthright citizenship to the children of illegal aliens is better understood as denying that grant.    In the 1873 Slaughter-House case, the Supreme Court stated, in dicta, that: The phrase ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof'' was intended to exclude from birthright citizenship children of ministers, consuls, and citizens or subjects of foreign states born within the United States.    In 1884, in Elk v. Wilkins, the Court held that a child born to members of an Indian tribe did not have birthright citizenship because, although born in the United States, it was not ``subject to the jurisdiction thereof.''    No one, the Court said, can become a citizen of a Nation without its consent. And there cannot be a more total or forceful denial of consent to a person's citizenship than to make that person's presence in the Nation illegal.    In 1898, however, the Court held in U.S. v. Wong Kim Ark that the citizenship clause granted birthright citizenship to children born in the United States of legal resident aliens. Two dissenting Judges--Justices argued correctly that, ``The rule making the locality of birth the criterion of citizenship is based on ancient English common law that did not survive the American Revolution.''    Every European country, including Great Britain now, has rejected that rule.    Whatever the merits or lack of merit of Wong Kim Ark as to showing of legal residence, it does not settle the question of birthright citizenship as to children of illegal residents or children born of legally admitted aliens who have overstayed their visa. In 1982, however, in Plyler v. Doe, which was mentioned, a 5-to-4 decision, the Court in a footnote interpreted Wong Kim Ark as holding that, ``No plausible distinction can be made between legal and illegal resident aliens.''    That statement cannot settle the matter, however, because it is not only a dictum--it had nothing to do with the case--but it was based on a clearly mistaken understanding of Wong Kim Ark.    The apparent general assumption that the children of illegal aliens have birthright citizenship as a constitutional right is, therefore, clearly subject to challenge. A recent scholarly study of the issue concluded the Framers of the citizenship clause had no intention of establishing a universal rule of birthright citizenship and Congress has the authority to reject that rule.    Judge Richard Posner----    Mr. Graglia. Judge Richard Posner, one of the most influential men--Justice of the country agreed Congress, he said, should rethink awarding citizenship to everyone in the United States, including children of legal illegal immigrants whose only chance is to come here.    In my opinion, a law ending birthright citizenship for the children of illegal aliens should and likely would survive constitutional challenge.    Thank you.    Mr. Graglia. You're asking me, do I think Wong Kim Ark was incorrectly decided? As I said, yes, I do.    Mr. Graglia. Plyler v. Doe?    Mr. Graglia. Yes, I do. You see, I take a very limited view of the power of the Supreme Court. I think these decisions----    Mr. Graglia. No.    Mr. Graglia. You know, I might say that I think my position on Brown has very little to do with this, and your bringing up things like that in this alleged mistaken ``pickaninny'' is in the nature of a slur. I don't know why you are bringing up a these insulting things that has nothing to do with what I'm testifying for here.    Mr. Graglia. I don't understand what this line of questioning, like Representative Lofgren's, has to do with this. It seems to me some kind of a sleazy underhanded move is being made here.    Mr. Graglia. Those are difficult questions.    Mr. Graglia. Excuse me?    Mr. Graglia. I'm sorry. Give me the----    Mr. Graglia. Comment?    Mr. Graglia. Explain what you----    Mr. Graglia. I'm not sure I understand that or that I made the--I'm not sure I made the comment.    Mr. Graglia. I'm not sure I heard the question.    Mr. Graglia. I have--if I can explain the comment, I have never made a comment that in any way implied the inferiority of any group to other groups.    Now, I did say that, you know, sometimes it's very controversial that affirmative action is based on the proposition that other groups are not competitive and to get into selective schools require preferences. Now that just is a statement of fact, but it still is very controversial and very emotional. But it's got nothing to do with the quality of people that I think you're implying.    Mr. Graglia. No, I do not believe they can't compete.    I do say the reason you have race preferences to selective institutions is that by equal competition, you get very few proportional representation. And I'm explaining what affirmative action is about. That's what it's about.    Mr. Graglia. I would like to say that the central question here, obviously, is how should this jurisdictional clause be interpreted. I teach a course currently called ``Statutory Interpretation,'' and certainly a prime principle is you should never interpret or can't interpret a statute to reach an absurd result. And if the--if the jurisdictional clause provides for birthright citizenship of illegal aliens, what you've done is you say you have a situation where, on the one hand, it's illegal to enter the country without permission, but what this law means that if you do it, you're a citizen.    I would say that can't mean that. You know, as Justice Jackson said, if anyone makes an argument like that, the Constitution requires an absurd result, that can't be. And bolstering that is what Professor Eastman said. The Constitution says you have to be born and jurisdiction. Born puts you under some jurisdiction. So, unless the jurisdictional clause is redundant, it has to add something.    Mr. Graglia. I'm afraid I didn't get the question.    Mr. Graglia. Do I think that a student----    Mr. Graglia. No, not necessarily an enemy, by no means, no.    Mr. Graglia. No, ma'am. Why would I say a thing like that?    Mr. Graglia. You know, I don't understand the basis of these questions. The answer is no. That sounds like a silly thing.    Mr. Graglia. Okay.    Mr. Graglia. Well, I mean, I hope you're not implying I've said or implied any such thing.    Mr. Graglia. I do not believe they're hostile invaders. I'm very clear about that.