    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me thank you very much, Commissioner, and let me apologize for your presence here today. I realize that you have made a commitment as a public servant, but I think it is appropriate to apologize to you for what I believe is a nonserious effort as relates to the Constitution and the impeachment criteria.    Saying that, let me take note of your language in your statement, which says, ``I will do my best today to answer your questions and I am committed to full cooperation...That means listening and responding to feedback and criticism, acknowledging mistakes, and working diligently to improve.'' Do you still adhere to that statement in your testimony?    Ms. Jackson Lee. So you are committed as a public servant to ensure that we get all the information that we need to have. Is that not correct?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you, Commissioner, very much.    Let me put into the record a statement. The Senate Finance Committee, Department of Justice, and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found three points related to you, Commissioner, and that is that you had not misled Congress, you had not allowed evidence to be destroyed, at least it was not attributable to you, and you were not considered to have obstructed oversight of the IRS.    Do you still believe that those were true about your actions as a commissioner?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me also put into the record a letter dated September 14 where a direct question was asked to the Treasury inspector general, no evidence was uncovered that any IRS employees have been directed to destroy or hide information from Congress, the DOJ, or the TIGTA. That letter was written by two Members of Congress on September 14, 2016. A letter came back from Mr. J. Russell George, inspector general, and it says, ``I received your letter and its conclusion that no evidence was uncovered that any IRS employees have been directed to destroy or hide information from Congress, the DOJ, or TIGTA. In your letter, you specifically asked: Since issuing this report, has your office changed its previous conclusion on this matter? At this time, no additional information has been uncovered that changes our conclusion in this report.''    I ask unanimous consent to put this in the record.    Commissioner, do you adhere to that letter from the inspector general?    Ms. Jackson Lee. You have seen such reports from the inspector general, have you not?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And do you adhere or at least understand that that is being said about IRS employees, which would include yourself?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Right. Do you--was Ms. Lerner at the IRS when you arrived?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Are you still engaging in ``Be On The Lookout'' activities?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I think it is also important to note, again, that this is not an impeachment hearing. And even though many of our Members are inquiring in that manner, it is not.    And it is also important to note that experts have said we have not given you due process. I hope as we proceed to eliminate this proceeding, meaning to cease and desist, that if we do not, that you will have due process.    Let me proceed with some questions regarding the time that you have come after February 2014. What efforts have you made to be constructive and to provide information to Members of Congress?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Thank you.    And in this proceeding, dealing with impeachment, if it is not high crimes or misdemeanor, there are elements that our friends believe that would suggest that you would be subjected to impeachment proceedings. And so is there anything that you have done that can show deliberate bad faith? You are a lawyer. You are allowed to say that you think this action or that action--is there any action that may have done so?    Ms. Jackson Lee. When you made mistakes, you owned up to it. Is that correct?    Ms. Jackson Lee. And you offered information when you found the information after the fact?    Ms. Jackson Lee. Let me ask you, this, Commissioner--I am sorry for talking over you. I am just trying to get in.    Is it appropriate for a foundation to give political donations out of the foundation, a 501(c)(3) foundation?    Ms. Jackson Lee. I thank you very much, Commissioner. And I believe an apology is owed to you. And I believe that there are no grounds, if we were to move in that direction, for any form of impeachment. We need to thank you for your service. Continue to do the good work that you are doing, working on behalf of the American people and answering questions from Congress in the normal oversight responsibilities.    Thank you. And I yield back.