    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General, thank you for being here.    If there is one thing we have learned over the last several months it is that the people of a country have to be willing to hold that country, and I am speaking specifically of Iraq. Afghanistan obviously a very different country. I think that from the context of the American citizen that maybe the way it is talked about the perception is it is all one and the same issue, if you will.    And I do think that we need to do a better job of getting that message out when we do have the victories, because all America is hearing right now is the bad that is happening in the Middle East. So thank you for your service.    I want to talk with you about one of the issues that you have talked about a couple of times: close air support. Obviously, in order for Afghanistan to be a success they have to be able to hold that country from the Taliban and other terrorist organizations when we are hopefully completely out of there.    The Afghanistan Air Force, the A-29 light air support mission right now is currently--they are being trained at Moody Air Force Base in Valdosta. If you could just speak to the--that element, how critical it is, the air support and Afghanistan's being able to carry out their own air support long term, and then how many A-29s do you expect we should be prepared to provide for the Afghanistan Air Force?    General Campbell. Sir, thanks for the question. And again, we are very thankful in Georgia that they have that capability to provide the training for the A-29s. It is a very long process. You know, looking in hindsight, I wish we would have started that years ago and we would have that capability now, but we are where we are and I think what is happening there--training the pilots, training the maintainers for this fixed-wing close air support capability--is critical for Afghanistan and their air force as we move to the future.    You know, quite frankly, we can't get it quick enough for them. The current program has about 20 aircraft over the next 3 years that will come to Afghanistan.    We won't have any for this fighting season 2015. We will get some at the end of the year, a couple more before start of fighting season 2016. But most will come out in 2017 and then in 2018. So that is another reason we need to continue to have this train, advise, and assist for the next several years, working at least on the air force piece.    But it is a great, great capability. They are looking forward to it. And I think it will give them, and the people in that region will understand, that the Afghans have this great close air support capability.    We are working other ways to work that here in the near term with forward-firing machine guns under Mi-17s, with MD-530, this Little Bird I talked about. And again, they do have indirect-fire mortars, 120 mortars, D-30 howitzers that will continue to work with them on different ways to improve that capability. But this is a huge asset they are looking forward to getting inside of Afghanistan.    Mr. Scott. You know, we have to make sure that when we leave that country that that country is prepared to hold and govern themselves. Just the situation in Iraq right now is--that is certainly lessons learned the hard way, if you will.    Mr. Chairman, I don't have any further questions.    Thank you for the A-29 mention, and if we can ever host you at Moody Air Force Base, be happy to have you down there.    With that, I yield the remainder of my time.    The Chairman. Thank the gentleman.    Mr. Courtney.