    Dr. Lewis. Mr. Chairman, I'd like to thank the Committee for the opportunity to testify on whether we're in a space race with China, but it's also useful to ask if we have the right strategy for space exploration in what's become a very different international environment.    A comparison of the U.S. and Chinese space programs suggests each reflects different goals rather than being a race. China's goals are political. Ours are scientific. There is a degree of parallelism between the U.S. and Chinese efforts but with the exception of human space exploration, the two programs are not really comparable.    In most areas, the United States remains unmatched in its space capabilities. Our unmanned space exploration program has no equal in its successes, but when we talk about a space race, we're talking about human spaceflight, the area of activity where the United States is weakest. The classic space race between the United States and the Soviets centered on human spaceflight and landing on the Moon. Each side tried to surpass the exploits of the other. I think it's now safe to say that the United States does not consider itself in a space race with China. The United States is focused on the manned exploration of Mars, and from a scientific perspective, going to Mars makes sense, but it doesn't make sense from a strategic perspective.    China does not talk about space races but there is an unavoidable comparison and competition with the United States. China's focus in space exploration is on human spaceflight and its leaders have a great interest in landing on the Moon.    In the United States and Soviet space race, the objectives are prestige and global influence. Having won the race, the United States largely lost interest in space. In contrast, China uses its space programs to gain political advantage. Its human space programs serve important domestic and foreign policy purposes.    Human spaceflight was a central part of the Cold War contest. The assumption was that the system that won the space race was superior. The competition between the U.S. and Chinese systems is not as clear-cut, but the rest of the world thinks we're in a competition with China and that space exploration is a part of this.    We should be clear that the Chinese space program largely duplicates U.S. and Soviet exploits from the 1970s and 1980s. What we do not want, however, is a tortoise-and-hare scenario where a slow-moving China passes the United States. American performance in space is an important element in how China will decide between confrontation or cooperation. We do not want a situation where China's leaders think, as a PLA general said last year, that the United States has ``great capability, no will.''    The future of space exploration requires the United States to make difficult choices. These choices will determine the outcome of any space race with China. A strong case can be made that the United States would be best served by human spaceflight programs that focus on incremental and achievable goals. We're in a very difficult international situation, and our space programs need to adjust to this.    I thank the Committee, and look forward to your questions.    Dr. Lewis. Thank you for the question. Essentially, people like--other countries like cooperating with the United States. We have better technology. We spend a little more money. It's more fun to visit here. But to get that cooperation, you actually need to have programs that promise immediate and tangible results. So I don't think that saying that working with the private sector or with other countries by itself is an adequate strategy.    On cooperation with China, just in the last few years, the relationship has changed to such a degree that I don't think that absent indications from China that they were more interested in a serious and peaceful relationship that cooperation would be a good idea. We can cooperate with other countries if we can show them how working with the United States will get them goals in space, but at the moment, with the tensions, the bilateral tensions, I don't think cooperation with China is in our interest.    Dr. Lewis. Thank you. The fundamental change in the last few years, we are now in a contest, and not just with China but with other countries including Russia and maybe in particular Russia, and a space strategy, all of our international strategies need to recognize this. Now, a contest is not a war, it's not a new Cold War, but we are in a conflictual relationship, and I don't think that inactivity is the--or the perception of inactivity is the right way to deal with this.    The ISS is an interesting question. When it is deorbited, should it be deorbited, the United States could face a situation where it no longer has a presence in space. That would be really disastrous for our international reputation. So we need to think about the ISS. Some of the international partners are beginning to ask about the utility of the ISS. We really need a new project that they would be willing to fund and participate in, one where we could help lead the international community because given our technology, our budget, our past efforts, we are the default leader if we choose to exercise that. So we need a new project to take the place of the Space Station or maybe a new way to think about the Space Station and the Moon to energize the nations that want to work with us. But among those nations, we should be very cautious not to work with those who are de facto opponents.    Dr. Lewis. The thing I wonder about is that we have such a successful space program in other areas, why doesn't that translate over to the manned space program? And unfortunately, when you talk about a race, you're talking about how do you keep scores, and the score is determined largely by the manned program. So I think, yeah, you did summarize my views.    Dr. Lewis. One of the lessons from the first Space Race was that space is part of being a superpower, it's part of being able to influence global politics. It's part of being able to shape how the world works. And if I had to choose, I'd rather have the United States shape the world than China.    There is this larger narrative that asks, is the United States in decline? And a lot of European outlets, every time the economists get a chance, they say the United States is in decline. They're wrong, but our inability to perform in manned space flights contributes to this narrative that the United States is in decline, China will be the most powerful nation in 2020 or 2030 or sometime. That's not an outcome we want.    Dr. Lewis. The Chinese in some ways are still ambivalent about how to deal with the United States, and there's a strong national sentiment that calls for confrontation, but there's also a recognition of the benefits of cooperation and the strength of the United States, not somebody you might want to pick a fight with. So we have opportunities to--maybe niche opportunities--I don't know what my other panelists would say--to cooperate with them. Their scientists are like our scientists but their scientists are not always in charge, so the Chinese will look for cooperation, Chinese scientists will look for cooperation, and perhaps their government will let them do it to some extent.    Dr. Lewis. No, I don't think so, Congressman. I think that it's the larger Chinese policies of pushing back on the United States, of challenging us in as many areas as possible. So even if it was a purely civilian space agency, they would still be answering to President Xi and the party.    Dr. Lewis. I wouldn't use the book as a guideline for space policy. I loved the movie, great movie, but not----    Dr. Lewis. Thank you for the question. You know, just to maybe put this a little bit in perspective, the real issue here is who lands first, and I don't care if it's on the Moon or on Mars but when you see that picture, do you want the picture of the astronaut holding the flag to be holding an American flag or a Chinese flag. We all remember the picture from the Apollo program. So if we could land on Mars before China can go to the Moon, great, let's do it, but I don't feel confident in saying that, who lands first.    On cooperation with the Chinese, and this might be the first question where the panel sort of disagrees a little bit so I'm glad we finally got there, they're hostile but they're also pragmatic. They can be engaged. You can come to arrangements with them. I think the agreement on commercial cyber espionage is a good example of that. They are pragmatic in a way that the Russians are not but we need engagement and agreement on the rules for how we will operate in space before we can cooperate. The Chinese will test us, and right now if we don't push back, cooperation is not in our interest. It's a complicated relationship but it's one where we have many of the advantages, particularly in technology, and in most of the areas of space, we just do better. So the question is, how do we take advantage of our leadership? How do we come up with a strategy to lead, and not only with the rest of the world but with China?    Dr. Lewis. Maybe to follow up, thank you for the question. I think the real issue is, you know, what do we want to do about exploration beyond low-Earth orbit, and low-Earth orbit we know how to do it. It's great. But what do we get out of LEO, right? And what's the best way to do that? And there's some issues that I think fall under the purview of this Committee but also the larger discussion. Do we focus on manned missions or do we focus on robotic? We've had tremendous success in robotic. Do we go for Mars or do we go for the Moon? I tend to like the Moon because I know we can get there. Mars, it's kind of a long shot but it's a legitimate question. And finally, we need to rethink the outlines of cooperation both with our European partners, with the other space-faring partners but maybe also with China, and in that sense, to your original point, I think having a clear goal helps. Having a lot of efforts may not be the best way to achieve cooperation.    Dr. Lewis. It's difficult to answer this question in an unclassified setting but it was not purely advantage to China.