    Mr. Turner. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    General Breedlove, good to see you. Thank you for your comments before the NATO Parliamentary Assembly and the Munich Security Conference.    You have been a great voice of trying to give us clarity in this time period of what you have described as hybrid warfare, where we see ambiguity that Russia is trying to create on their actions, which makes it more difficult for people to formulate policy and then address that policy with having clarity, so thank you for the clarity.    Ms. Wormuth, I have a few questions for you, because also, when your position is policy, what we don't want to have is issues of ambiguity of things that are true or not true: facts.    We can disagree as to policy, but facts are those things that we shouldn't allow ourselves to degrade to ambiguity, as Vladimir Putin tries to get us to do in hybrid warfare.    Phased Adaptive Approach; you will not deny that Phase 4 of the Phased Adaptive Approach was canceled, would you not?    Mr. Turner. So that would be a yes. You canceled Phase 4 of the Phased Adaptive Approach.    The Phased Adaptive Approach was the portion of Phase 4 that was to actually protect the continental United States. You said we have a strong commitment to the Phased Adaptive Approach; not so strong, since it is canceled.    And I do want to give a footnote here; that we are all aware that the fourth phase of Phased Adaptive Approach, which you cited as being a strong commitment, was canceled after the election, prior to the--with the President having had a prior conversation with Medvedev in an open mike situation, where he said to him, after the election I will have more flexibility with respect to the Phased Adaptive Approach, in what many people, including myself, refer to as the secret deal, then has the appearance of the President making a deal with Russia and subsequently canceling the Phased Adaptive Approach, which, again, underscore, would have protected the mainland of the United States.    And let's refer to START. You cited START. You would not deny, right, that the United States, under START, cut our deployed nuclear weapons, correct?    Mr. Turner. Great. You will also not deny that it did not require Russia to cut any of their deployed nuclear weapons. In fact, they have had the ability to increase the number of their deployed nuclear weapons; correct?    Mr. Turner. Correct; right? Yes, no; it is a numbers game. These are not ambiguity issues. These are not policy for us to have a disagreement. Doesn't the numbers in START not require Russia to cut any of their nuclear deployed weapons and actually would permit them to increase them?    Mr. Turner. Yes? No? It is yes/no. Please don't give me ambiguity. Please don't have, right where we are here in the middle of this hearing, a question answered where you leave people with an impression other than the truth. The truth is under START we cut our deployed nuclear weapons, they don't. Correct?    Mr. Turner. I didn't ask that. Under the numbers under New START, they have the ability to increase, we had to cut. Correct? I mean, you have to know this. Don't leave us with the impression that perhaps you don't know the circumstances.    Mr. Turner. Correct. Thank you for giving me that correct.    Now Russia, at the time of the discussions with us on the New START agreement, was violating the INF treaty. Correct?    Mr. Turner. I am not asking you what you raised. I am asking you a correct or not correct. During the New START negotiations with the United States, Russia was, at that time, in violation of the INF treaty. Correct?    Mr. Turner. I am not asking you what your concerns at the time were. We now have information, we know it clearly. So----    Mr. Turner. Russia was violating the INF treaty at the same time that we were negotiating START. Correct?    Mr. Turner. Thank you.    Now you started to say you had concerns, so you knew that it was--that there was a possibility that they were violating the INF treaty at the time of New START .    Mr. Turner. No, no. I am asking you. I am not asking we; I am asking you.    Mr. Turner. Did you have concerns of the information--did you receive information that gave you concerns about their possible violation of the INF treaty?    Mr. Turner. You had--you personally had no concerns? You personally had no concerns?    Mr. Turner. Okay. Could you please tell me why the President of the United States refuses to acknowledge that Ukraine has been invaded by Russia, when they have invasion forces on the ground? What is the term invasion that causes difficulty with the administration? I mean, Ukraine's territorial integrity has been violated. Russian troops are there. Why can't we call it an invasion?    Mr. Turner. Mr. Chairman, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The time of the gentleman has expired.    Mr. O'Rourke.