    Mr. Gohmert. Well, I feel like I just listened to one of the biggest reasons we are in trouble. Mr. Lilly, your statements that often entitlement is used with racial implications. Normally when I hear entitlements, most of the people I know understand the majority of people are elderly White people. And so I realize there is a component around this town, to deal with issues in this town, that want to put everything in racial perspective, but that is one of them that is. And maybe some of your friends do, but I do not know any of mine that do.    Mr. Gohmert. I am responding to you, so no, you do not get a so rebuttal. If majority party goes down that road, they are not going to like where they are going. If we do not go down the road to get to fiscal responsibility, you are going to get through your life okay. And the wake you leave behind is going to be devastating and people will curse your name for future generations. We have got to go down a road of fiscal responsibility. So what I would like to do is talk about some possible solutions.    For one thing, the way Congress has been structured after Watergate, when the Democrats took over the majority, there were a number of things that were put into play. The Committee structure, the way it has ended up, you have Subcommittees putting together budgets that include different public assistance measures for the same groups.    And so, if you see one area where you think this is a bit duplicative, maybe we should cut this because I feel sure we have got other programs. Once you light into that, you are called a racist, you are called a--you know, you hate elderly people, you hate young people, it is just all about trying to divide us when we are trying to get to a place of responsibility before the system just collapses.    And my friend Dan Webster, former Speaker of the House in Florida, said he took on one aspect, and that was the aspect of how many Federal programs have we created that take people to and from appointments. And he said he is pretty sure he has found them all, but they are all through different appropriations, through different Subcommittees, and he believes 82 is how many there are. There may be a few more, but he thinks he has found most of them.    If you were to try to take out one of those 82 programs in one of those Subcommittee budgets, you would be accused of being racist, hating the elderly, hating veterans, hating this that or the other, when actually it seems to me if we got all of those different methods of public assistance--whatever it is, every form of public assistance in one Committee or one Subcommittee, then we could say no we do not need 82.    Most of them have 20 seat vans that sit idly by, and when they are used apparently usually average of like three people taking a trip somewhere. So if we got down to one, then we could make some real progress, we could help the same number of people without all of the massive waste. Now Cleta Mitchell made a suggestion before our Judiciary Committee, or I guess this Committee--she said let the authorizing Committee be the appropriating Committee, which is an interesting thought because we have hundreds of millions, maybe billions of dollars, that--I guess it is billions--that are being appropriated even though the Authorizing Committee has not authorized them. And so, anyway, I do not have a lot of time when you only get 5 minutes.    Also, another thing that was set up after Watergate was the automatic increase in every Federal department's budget, and we have got to do away with that, so that when we try to slow the rate of growth, then we are not vilified for making draconian cuts, that a real cut would be a cut, and a real increase is an increase. But I have been pushing that bill ever since I have been here.    We have gotten through a couple of Republican Houses, but not through the Senate. But there is no charity, individual, company, partnership, nothing that has an automatic increase every year, and until we stop that and force people to be in government to be as responsible as people across America have to be, we are not going to fix our problems. And I yield back.    Mr. Gohmert. No.    Mr. Gohmert. That is right.