    Mr. Paulison. Now we will see if we can get this one to work.    Anyway, the leadership this subcommittee and Chairman Shuster have shown on these tough issues is critical. Your mission is clear: We must find a way to bend the cost curve of disasters for American taxpayers. In pursuit of this mission, I believe we can save additional lives and do a much better job of protecting property.    My name is David Paulison. I am the senior partner of Global Emergency Solutions. I was proud to have spent 7 years in the Federal service of our Nation, and I served as the FEMA Administrator from 2005 to 2009. I began my 30-year career as a rescue firefighter and rose through the ranks to become the chief of the Miami-Dade Fire Department. As a result, I have had a front-row seat as to how we as a Nation prepare for and deal with disasters.    While I have seen many tremendous public servants at work, I have also witnessed unfortunate policy errors and wasted taxpayer dollars. In most cases, this waste was a result of insufficient investment in mitigation before the disaster hit. Not enough resources are being allocated in predisaster mitigation.    I believe this new Congress has a golden opportunity to advance a bipartisan natural disaster strategy that would better protect the American people, property, and save taxpayer dollars. With the Senate and the House of Representatives working together across party lines, now is the time to address the failed status quo of waiting for storms to hit and then passing massive supplemental appropriation bills.    Director Fugate has done a tremendous job of fostering resiliency and a community-oriented approach to emergency management since he took the reins of FEMA. However, I am sure even Director Fugate would admit there is still much work to be done to build a more resilient country by shifting more money to predisaster Federal incentive programs. Hopefully, understanding the realities of the exploding costs can serve as a motivator.    Mr. Chairman, any attempt to change the status quo must ultimately begin with an understanding of the nature of the problem. This is why I believe your subcommittee's work can play a major role. First, let me describe the nature of the problem we face. And I brought just two slides along.    According to FEMA, Federal major disaster declarations have jumped from a yearly average of 23 under President Reagan to an average of 65 under President Obama. The trend is undeniable but also nonpartisan, as the average number of disaster declarations per year has risen under President George H.W. Bush, President Clinton, and President George W. Bush.    Mr. Paulison. The second slide is a representation of the average overall and insured losses over the last three decades. As you can see, the spike in overall costs is dramatic over the last two decades, increasing from an average of $33 billion per year from 1995 to 2004 to doubling to $65 billion a year in the next decade.    The Federal Government and insurers have borne the overwhelming majority of these losses. Since 2011, $137 billion has been spent, really $400 a household annually, with over $60 billion spent on Superstorm Sandy alone. Sadly, the Federal Government invested only $1 in preventive measures for every $6 spent on recovery. This low predisaster investment is an important factor when we consider that FEMA studies have shown--and you heard this--that for every dollar invested in mitigation, it saves the taxpayers $4 in recovery.    Ironically, the losses from these types of disasters are the most preventable with proper predisaster mitigation and resiliency tools like modern building codes. Studies have shown that building codes are the most effective mitigation measure we have. Yet only 11 States across this country have adequate building codes and enforcement mechanisms in place. Most of the States without proper building codes are directly in harm's way when it comes to hurricanes and other natural disasters.    It seems to me that the critical question is, what can the Congress do to bend the runaway cost curve? As a former firefighter, I am always reminded of the advice given by America's most famous firefighter, Ben Franklin: An ounce of preservation is worth a pound of cure. In my view, providing incentives for States and localities to adopt and enforce modern building codes is the most cost-effective mitigation tool we have.    The BuildStrong Coalition urges the enactment of the Safe Building Code Incentive Act, a bill to provide an additional 4-percent incentive in post-disaster grants to States that adopt and enforce strong building codes. Any future savings that result from the elimination of wasteful post-disaster spending should be reinvested in predisaster incentives like the Safe Building Code Incentive Act to facilitate modern building codes in States and communities across this country.    Chairman Barletta, I applaud you, I really applaud you for the announcement of a congressional roundtable to begin the dialogue on how to identify and quantify factors driving disaster costs and how to use that information to ultimately study and find solutions. It is my recommendation that the new Congress pass legislation in short order to commission a blue ribbon panel to explore why disaster declarations are at an all-time high and what is really behind the dramatic increase in disaster spending.    Some questions the panel could explore include: Are the increases in spending related to population increases, like you heard earlier? Are they related to changes in spending, poor construction of homes, or mistakes in Federal policy? What changes in policy could be made to enhance building resiliency and reduce disaster costs?    The panel could also make recommendations concerning the proper role of Federal, State and local governments in solving this problem. Specific attention should be given to the roles of FEMA, HUD, DOT to minimize the duplication of effort and waste that we often see now. I believe Congress should authorize this blue ribbon panel and use the findings to put in place a comprehensive national disaster strategy that aims to save lives and ultimately taxpayer dollars.    I want to thank you again for allowing me to testify before the subcommittee today, and I will be looking forward to your questions.    Mr. Paulison. Regardless of the size of the disaster, where I see the same damage in every event, whether it is a tornado or hurricane or superstorm, we are seeing the same type of damage. I firmly believe that if we look at premitigation issues, particularly with our building codes and how we are putting our houses together, we can reduce our costs on the other end significantly. Fifteen percent of the population of this country lives on 3 percent of the land, and we are talking about $10 trillion--$10 trillion--in property that we continue to rebuild back the same way we did.    Hurricane Andrew, we lost a lot of homes, almost 90,000 homes severely damaged in Hurricane Andrew. And we looked very carefully at what damage was caused, what happened, what caused them to fail, what caused the roofs to fail, what caused the windows to blow out, and we changed our building codes to deal with all of those issues. And it was tough. It was not easy to do. We had homebuilders fighting us. But we had a lot of political will to make those changes and we did that.    So we looked out across the country, like I said earlier, it was only 11 States that have building codes. So regardless of whether it is a small disaster that even the State handles by itself or it is a big catastrophic event like a Katrina, it is the same type of damage. And, yeah, it may be bigger and cost more money, but really the damage to each individual is identical.    So I think we need to step back and look very clearly at what we are doing to our building codes and how we are building these things back again. And I think that is what is going to reduce costs.    Mr. Paulison. I think a couple things. One, obviously being on the ground as a firefighter and fire chief, and I ran emergency management for Miami-Dade County, coming in as a fire administrator and then taking over FEMA in the middle of Katrina, I think we saw very clearly--very clearly--that we were not putting enough money in predisaster mitigation. Again, we are seeing the same things over and over again, and we rebuild back in the same place.    Now, we are not going to evacuate Florida because it is in Hurricane Alley, that is not going to happen. So we know that that is not an option for us. So the other option has to be, OK, now that we are here and we know we are going to have hurricanes, what are we going to do about it? We can't just sit there and fold our hands or sit on our hands and wait for it to come.    So I firmly believe, and that is why I appreciate so much what this committee is doing, to step back and look at what are we spending our money. Again, the roundtable issue you talked about, we don't even know how much we are spending on disasters. We have got HUD spending money, we have got FEMA spending money, we have got DOT spending money, we have got Agriculture spending money. We don't have a clue of what we are spending totally. But we do know that if we do things upfront to protect our businesses, protect our houses, and making sure our governments, our local governments, our State governments have good plans in place, it has got to reduce the cost significantly. So I think Mr. Fugate recognizes that also.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Do you have any just quick observations over the perhaps different approach to response in Hurricane Sandy as compared to previous disasters?    Mr. Paulison. I am sorry, could you repeat that?    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Sure. Do you have any reaction to the perhaps different approach to response in Hurricane Sandy as compared to previous disasters?    Mr. Paulison. We made changes in FEMA after Katrina, waiting for the storm to make landfall. The way the Stafford Act is set up, and I----    If I am reaching, but we wait for the local community to become overwhelmed before the State steps in, we wait for the State to become overwhelmed before the Federal Government steps in. I call it a system of sequential failure. It doesn't work in a catastrophic event. We saw that very clearly.    So we had changed our philosophy from a reactive to a proactive system. It worked extremely well in Gustav and Ike. Gustav went right into New Orleans, but not one fatality, because working with the locals and the State, we had evacuated the entire city.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. 2 million people.    Mr. Paulison. Now, we had to spend a lot of money to do that, but the budget office and President Bush at the time agreed that we would do a predisaster declaration. Administrator Fugate, he has carried on that same philosophy. You saw a lot of resources on the ground in Hurricane Sandy prior to the storm making landfall. Even though it wasn't a huge hurricane, it wasn't like an Andrew or a Katrina, it still had a significant impact.    So as far as changing the response, I think I would have done the same thing Administrator Fugate did. Some of the other issues in the aftermath, I am not involved in those so I can't respond to that. But I can tell you that spending money on the ground prior to landfall makes a lot of sense and it works.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Mr. Koon, I mentioned earlier, when you look at the aggregate of all these changes in policies, everything from the new Corps of Engineering standards, you look at the V Zone policies that have come in place, you look at the NFIP rate changes, and many, many other regulatory changes and policies that have been put in place in recent years, you are beginning to price communities out of being able to live where they are.    Can you react to that statement and perhaps some of the impacts you have seen in Florida?    Mr. Paulison. You heard Mr. Koon say that we have had years up and down, but if you look at the trends over the last 15, 20 years, actually, it has continued to rise and continued to rise and continued to rise. The number of disaster declarations are rising. Costs are astronomically rising. So we have to do something. We know we have limited dollars. And Mr. Fugate made a comment, said we have got to respond, we know we have to respond. So he didn't have the money upfront to do the mitigation stuff, but he had to have money to do the response side.    So somewhere along the lines, and, again, that is why I appreciate your blue ribbon panel to step back and look at this, but having a third party takes the politics out of it and to come up with some good solid recommendations that allows us to really get a handle on this. If we don't do anything, if we do nothing, I see it continue to rise and rise, and it may be beyond the capacity to deal with the response side.    Mr. Paulison. I think it is a partnership, and it is not just a partnership between the Federal Government and the States, it is the State and the locals, it is the locals and individuals, and it is the private sector working together. How are we going to protect our businesses? How are we going to protect our homes? How are we going to protect our communities from disasters we know we are going to have? And we haven't done that. We have had an extremely difficult time, and I am sure Mr. Koon will tell you this, convincing the public to prepare themselves for a catastrophic event.    We saw Hurricane Wilma, not a catastrophic hurricane, it went across the top of my house, but yet we had tens of thousands of people the hour the storms died down in line for food and water because they hadn't prepared themselves. That cost the Federal Government millions and millions of dollars to do that.    So it is not only the predisaster mitigation, it is the planning, it is the training, it is educating the public of what we expect for them, and getting the private sector to protect their businesses also. We lose about 40 percent of our small businesses in every catastrophic event. They just don't have the wherewithal to come back. That is a huge hit on the economy. We saw in Hurricane Andrew going through Homestead, it took 20 years for that community to recover because the small businesses failed, there were no jobs, and people bailed.    So it is a partnership, and it is something we have to work together. We have got a great FEMA Administrator that recognizes that, and we just have to give him the resources to make it happen.    Mr. Paulison. I will comment because I have already commented on it a couple times. But I just want to reemphasize I think how important that would be. Like I said, we don't understand what all the costs are. I do think having a third-party review like that is definitely going to help get some good, solid answers without the politics in it, and, again, I applaud you for taking that on.