    Mr. Himes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Madam Chair, thank you so much for being here and for your patience over this lengthy period of time. I am actually going to pick up on this idea of commenting on large macroeconomic themes, which may be slightly outside of your purview, but nonetheless, obviously, the Fed and you have a view.    We have had an interesting disconnect over these last many years on this committee and particular in this testimony in that as we were working through an economic recovery, my friends in the Majority have consistently demanded very substantial cuts, which would obviously translate into fiscally contractionary policy whereas consistently these reports under your predecessor identified fiscal policy as a very real risk to the recovery. And though your predecessor was careful about not overstepping his bounds, the implication was clear that being overly contractionary on the fiscal side would actually damage the recovery.    Now we have experienced a pretty robust recovery. I actually asked your predecessor probably a year ago whether he could point to an industrialized country that had combined a recovery in GDP growth with a decline in the deficit in a more constructive and salubrious way than the United States, and he toyed momentarily with Germany but, at the end, said, no, he couldn't point to another industrialized country that had gotten it right, by the way, perhaps in spite of us.    So my question is, that is really pretty impressive testimony with respect to the economic recovery. We still see, if you check the shrines to the religion of debt on either side of the room, we still have this debate. So I guess my question is, looking back on fiscal policy, is it your belief that GDP would have grown more and employment would be higher if we had, in fact, been more expansionary? And, conversely, if we would been more contractionary, would this recovery have been weaker?    Mr. Himes. By which you mean, among other things, the American recovery, the stimulus.    Mr. Himes. Thank you.    Mr. Himes. Is it fair for me--    Mr. Himes. --to extrapolate--is it fair--I am sorry to cut you off--    Mr. Himes. --but is it fair for me to extrapolate--you say it has been a drag on economic growth. Is it fair for me to extrapolate that the policies of this Congress have actually reduced potential employment? We would have more jobs had we been less contractionary fiscally?    Mr. Himes. Thank you. One more question.    I was interested to hear you say that you and your predecessor correctly have urged action by Congress to address the long-term unfunded liabilities associated with what we call the entitlements. You are not in the practice of speaking intuitively or qualitatively. I wonder if the Federal Reserve or if you have any estimates as to what the cost is of not acting to make Social Security and Medicare long-term sustainable. Is there a cost, either in terms of dollars or in terms of increased risk, to the full faith and credit that you can quantify for us?    Mr. Himes. Thank you.    And I do suspect that this institution will act because eventually, obviously, the growth in those programs will constrict discretionary spending, but I am out of time. If the Fed could provide any sort of estimate to costs associated with inaction, that would be terrific.