    Mrs. Beatty. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Ranking Member. And thank you also to our witnesses today.    Let me just first say that I certainly join my colleagues in wanting to be on the record for saying how concerned I am about the instances of impartiality, the conflict of interest that you both have outlined in your testimony. And also, the improprieties with HUD's use of the IPA funds.    Second, let me just say how appreciative I am for the joint letter. And especially in paragraph one, when you both talk about if, together, we can take care of the mismanagement and the waste, we can do what our real mission is, and that is to expand the opportunities for all.    And that ties into my third statement, as I go into my question, is several of my colleagues have said it is not about HUD and the programs. I want to be on the record saying that I somewhat disagree with that. Because every time you come into a hearing and we talk about the wrongdoings, the rogue employees, it frequently, down the road, leads to the culture of the entity and the organization and how we put dollars in it.    I am very much a proponent of HUD and the services that they provide. With that said, when I go to your testimony you stated that HUD cannot know whether the policy decisions enacted during the Deputy Director's tenure were inappropriately influenced or in the best interest of HUD and all of it's stakeholders.    Can you place explain this finding, and how HUD can mitigate or eliminate the IPA mobility program improprieties? And especially since you talked about the clues that you saw.    Mrs. Beatty. Do you think that we should be looking at putting more human and financial resources into different, better or more training on accountability, management or the rules and regulations? Because these things, earlier you said these are very clear rules and regulations of what a person could do, whether hiring or bringing someone in at the appropriate salaries for the GS-13s or GS-15s. But yet I heard a figure of $40,000 more given to this person, being given bonuses when Federal employees did not get--    Mrs. Beatty. You just mentioned how people behave. Do you believe that the vast majority of the HUD employees are doing the fair due diligence, or can you compare it to saying that maybe what we are hearing today; are these just a few bad actors?    Mrs. Beatty. Thank you.