    Mr. Smith. I would like to know----    Mr. Smith . The nature of the document. Meanwhile, I'll reserve the right to object.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Chairman, I am going to withdraw my objection simply because Professor Graglia has already answered an editorial comment by a magazine writer and who offered no direct quotes by the professor. So I think the professor has already adequately answered any question about a nongermane subject to this hearing.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    One, I just want to point out this is a very significant hearing, and I think we all know that. Somebody else has already mentioned that this is the first hearing on this important subject in 10 years. Also, I want to mention a recent Rasmussen poll, which showed that a majority of the American people do not support automatic birth citizenship, and I think that is significant as well.    Now, we also have the trend among industrialized Nations away from birthright citizenship. There is only one other country now, beside the United States, that doesn't require at least one parent to be in the country legally, and I think that is a positive--positive trend.    Now, let me say that I feel that the only way you can justify saying that a constitutional amendment is required to clarify the 14th Amendment is if you ignore the Constitution itself, which gives the power to Congress to set immigration policy. You can only justify a constitutional amendment if you ignore the intent of the Senator who introduced the 14th Amendment, who clearly said on the Senate floor at the time of debate on the 14th Amendment that it ``did not apply to foreigners.'' And I think you can only justify the constitutional amendment route if you raised the distinction between legal and illegal immigration, none of which I feel that you should do.    And I just wanted to make sure that we have on the record that Dr. Eastman and Professor Graglia and Mr. Feere all feel that we could clarify the 14th Amendment by statute alone. And, presumably, that would be challenged and then go to the Supreme Court, but to my knowledge, the issue at hand, birth citizenship has never reached the Supreme Court and is likely to do so because of the standing problem only if the statute is passed by Congress. So I guess I have a twofold question.    Do you all--do all three of you agree that we could clarify the 14th Amendment by statute, and do you feel that that's the only way we will actually resolve the issue, or is there another way for someone to get standing?    Mr. Smith. And, Professor Graglia, do you agree with that, too?    Mr. Smith. Right. I agree. I think to allow the birth citizenship--by the way, I don't think we ought to say birthright. I don't think it's a right. It think it's just automatic birth citizenship. I think it defies logic and defies common sense.    Mr. Feere, I think I have time for one more question, and that goes to the cost of birthright citizenship. You've done some research on that issue, as I understand it, and give us an idea beyond what you have already as to the cost of government benefits as a result of a policy that seems to allow 10 percent of the births in the country to be to an illegal parent.    Mr. Smith. It does have a cost.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Feere.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.