    Ms. Plaskett. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member. Good morning to you all.    You know, of course, we all find the reports of sexual harassment and misconduct, particularly, I think, the actions of the DEA spanning back to 2001, extremely troubling, and the American people seem understandably outraged over this behavior, and particularly women.    The IG report States, ``Sexual misconduct and sexual harassment in the workplace also affect employee morale and hamper employees'' ability to have and maintain effective working relationships.''    Mr. Horowitz, can you explain how sexual harassment and sexual misconduct can impact employee morale.    Ms. Plaskett. And which agency is that?    Ms. Plaskett. And what's the rationale that you were given as to why they weren't reported?    Ms. Plaskett. And were they dealt with?    Ms. Plaskett. OK. Thank you.    Ms. Leonhart, you spoke about how your own outrage being a law enforcement officer for 30 years. I completely understand that. I was raised by a New York City police officer who says every good cop hates the most a bad cop because they make all the good cops--it completely taints everyone else. But do you agree with the IG that sexual harassment negatively impacts morale, and have you seen that in your agency?    Ms. Plaskett. But I didn't ask you its potential. I asked you has it affected the morale.    Ms. Plaskett. Well, that's interesting that you say that it's your job to deal with the discipline because you've just Stated earlier to the chairman that you don't have any say over the discipline. So which one is it? Do you or don't you have say over the discipline of those individuals?    Ms. Plaskett. And what do you--what would you consider severe discipline?    Ms. Plaskett. What about the agents who were given 2 to 10 days of paid leave?    Ms. Plaskett. OK. Wait a minute. You mean, so you're not in the disciplinary process, but you're responsible for the discipline?    Ms. Plaskett. But don't you believe that the morale of your agents and the good men and the women of that agency would have been better served, and they would have believed that you really stood behind that if the information had been more fully and quickly forthcoming to the IG? How can you say that you are--you weren't pleased with the discipline when you and your agency impeded the investigation at the IG level?    Ms. Plaskett. But they gave you the portion of it related to disciplining the individuals, not to investigating the systemic problems in the structure of your agencies.    Ms. Plaskett. OK. I've run out of more than the generous time that you've given me, Mr. Chairman, ranking member. But it's my assessment that the discussion here and the actions are at a complete disconnect.