    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member, I would like to thank both of you for your opening comments.    Mr. Chairman, I would also like to just echo your comments on Ranking Member Farr's leadership on this subcommittee and really his commitment to U.S. agriculture.    Happy St. Patrick's Day to you as well. Taylor may not be an inherently Irish name, but I assure you it actually is. So it is a day special for me as well.    We certainly appreciate the knowledge and understanding of what the Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services does and the important role that it serves for rural America.    Mr. Chairman, you introduced my colleagues. So I will not do that again but just thank them as well for being here with me today.    I would also like to thank the Members of the subcommittee for being here. As you said, this is my first time testifying before your subcommittee, and I will be here to present, along with my colleagues, the 2017 budget and program proposals for the Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.    We appreciate the challenges of today's budget environment and the need to reduce the federal deficit while striving to streamline our operations, improve efficiency, and reduce administrative costs.    Today, American agriculture faces significant challenges. Falling farm income and natural disasters have increased the stress on America's farmers and ranchers. Our commodity disaster crop insurance and farm credit programs are important parts of our farm safety net to American producers and our rural communities.    Turning to the Farm Service Agency (FSA), the budget request for salaries and expenses is $1.5 billion. FSA delivers its programs through about 2,100 offices located in all 50 States, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands and Western Pacific territories.    FSA provides a broad range of services, including direct loans and loan guarantees, disaster assistance, marketing assistance loans, and certain conservation programs.    FSA has developed a program service delivery model which focuses on improving customer service and streamlining program delivery.    For farm loans, the budget proposes a program level of about $6.7 billion, $255 million more than the 2016 level. The budget request reflects our request and commitment to support new, beginning and veteran farmers and ranchers, including $3.9 million to support 25 new regional coordinators for outreach and mentorship opportunities.    The request also includes $1.5 million to enhance the StrikeForce Initiative. For the 2015 crop year, the Risk Management Agency (RMA) through the Federal Crop Insurance Corporation, provided about $102 billion of insurance protection. Our current projections for the 2016 crop year is that protection will be just over $100 billion.    For salaries and expenses of RMA, the budget requests $67 million to support 466 employees. This would be supplemented by a transfer of up to $20 million in existing crop insurance fees into the salaries and expenses account, if authorized by Congress.    RMA continued to implement key 2014 Farm Bill programs during 2015, including the supplemental coverage option, STAX, and the actual production history yield exclusion. Also, RMA is currently offering whole farm revenue protection in every county in the country for 2016. This is a first for the crop insurance program.    On the international side, the budget provides $197 million for the Foreign Agricultural Service salaries and expenses, about $5 million more than 2016. For trade expansion and promotion activities, the budget includes $200 million for the Market Access Program, $34.5 million for the Foreign Market Development Program, $10 million for the Emerging Markets Program, and $9 million for the Technical Assistance to Specialty Crops Program.    For international food aid, the budget includes $182 million for McGovern-Dole, including $5 million for local purchases, and $175 million for Food for Progress.    In addition, the budget activities includes $15 million for Local and Regional Food Aid Procurement Program.    For P.L. 480 Title II, the budget provides $1.35 billion.    Mr. Chairman and Members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to be here today, and we look forward to any questions you may have.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman.    In-kind food aid is an important component of the international assistance that the U.S. government provides. It is certainly, I think, foundational to what USDA provides in McGovern-Dole and also Food for Progress.    I think the 2008 farm bill provided authority to do some local and regional pilot programs. We did find efficiencies in getting food to certain populations quicker and more affordably.    The 2014 farm bill provided us with permanent authority to do this, and the subcommittee last year granted us $5 million. We are working to get the rule out to utilize that $5 million. We greatly appreciated the flexibility that the farm bill provided, but then also the money to really utilize some of that flexibility.    As I said, I think in-kind food aid is vital to the food programs we provide at USDA. I think long term it is going to continue to be part of the tool basket that we have, but really what we are looking for are the best use of tools to target what the situation is in each country and each crisis that is ongoing.    Ms. Taylor. We have worked quite closely, I think with all of the stakeholders on some of these additional flexibilities through the farm bill, but also through the recent WTO negotiations that went on in Nairobi and concluded in December.    I was there. We actively negotiated some disciplines around food aid, and we worked to ensure that in-kind food aid and particularly monetization which the Food for Progress Program is based upon was able to continue to operate as it currently does today, and so we have been talking to stakeholders, I think, all along through the farm bill, through the budget process, but then also quite closely, including the commodity groups, in the World Trade Organization (WTO) Nairobi decision.    Ms. Taylor. I think part of that obviously when you're talking about tonnage declines is really tied to commodity costs, and you know, for the past few years commodity prices have been higher than they are today. Commodity prices have certainly softened, and so that lessens the amount of overall that you can buy.    Ms. Taylor. Congressman Farr, if I could talk to that point, I do think we do not target our food aid programs based upon necessarily creating U.S. market demand. It is targeted to the need and needy populations.    However, I think there is a correlation here, and I think that is partly why we have market development programs. We have got the trade promotion arm under the Foreign Agricultural Service, but also our International Food Aid Programs and capacity building.    A lot of the programs we do like Food for Progress, we monetize U.S. commodity, but then we do development work and help that country build capacity.    I was just in Jordan last year where we signed a Food for Peace wheat grant, and it will help Jordan build some of their capacity in the Jordan Valley so they can create some of the agriculture themselves.    You know, then the next step from being a food aid recipient to being able to have their own markets and feed themselves is eventually moving into a trading partner with the United States.    That is not the target of these programs. As I said, it is to feed hungry people and target those populations, but certainly there is a reason all of this is housed under one agency at USDA.    Ms. Taylor. Yes, sir.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman.    Some of this money would go to help develop outreach coordinators. One thing that we have done on the veteran side is recently sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Department of Defense, and what they have, they have the Transition Assistance Program so that all of the people transitioning out of the military, all service men and women come in and learn about different types of educational or career opportunities out there.    Prior to just recently, agriculture was not part of that. USDA was not part of that. They have these Transition Assistance Programs all over the country, and we are now going to be partnering with them to develop an educational course on agriculture, on farming careers, and farming and ranching, and then the tools that we have at USDA to help many of those men and women coming back who want to go back to their rural communities and farm.    Ms. Taylor. I appreciate that question, Congressman Bishop. We, like the subcommittee, are quite committed to ensuring that cotton farmers have an adequate safety net, particularly as we are seeing farm income decline and commodity prices soften. Cotton is no exception to that.    I actually met with some cotton producers just yesterday who were in my office talking about the economics that they are seeing, but also what USDA may be able to do to try and help them.    The Secretary was up here a few weeks ago talking about this issue. I do not know on cottonseed specifically. I do not think I have anything more to add to that, but we are looking, as he alluded to, setting up a cotton ginning program. We are working through some of those specifics right now and what that might look like, and some of the unanswered questions we still have in trying to work through that process.    We will certainly keep the subcommittee apprised as we make progress and work closely with you to ensure that it is within the administrative authority that we have today that we can structure a program that helps the maximum amount of cotton farmers possible.    But we are also willing to work with the subcommittee on some of the restrictions on USDA's programs and really what is preventing us from providing assistance directly to cotton farmers.    Ms. Taylor. I appreciate that question, Congressman.    So TPP itself, I think, has some protections in there. We got good market access, but as you alluded to, it's ensuring that then Canada lives up to that market access. We negotiated a side letter that covers a host of commodity issues, but really requires in consultation before any kind of these changes happen.    We continue though outside of TPP to work with our Canadian colleagues and press them on these issues as well. Secretary Vilsack recently met with his counterpart who is new and brought up some of these issues that I think you are alluding to.    I have personally written letters to my counterparts up in Canada, and so we would certainly see it as a priority and will continue as a whole of the U.S. Government to raise this issue with our Canadian counterparts.    Ms. Taylor. Congressman, I will commit to going back and talking to staff about this and taking a look at it and then following up with your staff.    Ms. Taylor. Yes, absolutely, sir.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman.    So first I just want to say that obviously USDA, CCC and FSA take their financial responsibility quite seriously here. Some of what you are specifically alluding to is what the auditors call a parent-child relationship and how we are passing money to USAID but then not looking in and seeing exactly how they are spending it.    They have their own OIG and auditors on that side of the books, but there were some processes that we should be looking at from the best accounting practices and that we were not.    Ms. Taylor. So we received this audit and the findings in mid-February. We have 60 days to respond. So that puts us about mid-April. We are actively going through each of the findings and creating a roadmap and a way to address it.    I think there are short-term things we can do, and then there is a long-term strategy that we are going to have to develop here.    In the short term some things we are doing is FSA CCC recently contracted with some professional firms on audit readiness, and also all of USDA is really taking this quite seriously and helping. Our Chief Financial Officer recently detailed one of his senior executives, a seasoned professional, over to fill a vacant deputy FSA CFO role.    And so we are ensuring in the short term we have the resources we need to build that long-term plan.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Congressman.    I think as we talk about what is going on in the farm economy, farm incomes are down over the past several years. Commodity prices have softened. I think tying that to the direct importance of trade is vital.    Twenty percent of farm income comes directly from agricultural exports. It is key to keeping our farmers and ranchers in business. We are highly efficient producers in this country of safe, quality, affordable product, but 95 percent of the customers in the world live outside our borders, and so we produce far more food than we are going to consume.    So having export opportunities is vital. As you mentioned, the announcement of the Secretary who is in Peru as we speak or this week he was, and Peru lifted some remaining Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (BSE) restrictions that they had on U.S. beef exports there. We continue to discuss this with markets all over the world. We have seen a lot of successes over the past several years in opening up markets that were restricting our beef because of BSE.    Some other big successes have been Japan, and Korea. Most recently it was South Africa, but you alluded to China, and we continue to have conversations there on a host of products that are being restricted currently. Beef is certainly one of them and at the top, but also poultry with highly pathogenic avian influenza.    We take issue with how for low path avian influenza they regionalize at a state level. For high path they ban the whole country. We think that is not consistent with international norms and standards and spend a lot of time trying to talk about the concept of regionalization and the strong biosafety protocols we have in the United States.    There is just one other point I would add, I would be remiss if I am talking about trade and not talk about TPP and really the importance that that could mean to the U.S. farm economy.    Forty percent of the world's economy is in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. You know, Japan is a very exciting market. You know, depending on the year, they are in our top four, top five export markets, number one for a host of products, number one for pork, top four for dairy, and so they are important in lowering tariffs there in the short term is going to be key, but then you can look at some other market opportunities, Vietnam, Malaysia, very exciting. There are young populations. About 43 and 45 percent of their population, respectively, is under 25 years old or younger.    What that means is we have an opportunity today as their middle class grows to get them a taste for American food products and really grow that market as their populations grow. Today there are hundreds of millions. You know, in a couple of years they are going to be measured in billions of people, and so there is a really big market opportunity in the short term, but the long term is really hard to measure.    The Farm Bureau recently came out and I think they said that they expect a $4.4 billion boost to net farm income based upon TPP, and so it is something we cannot afford to pass up in the short term.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Mr. Chairman.    As you have alluded to and I think Ms. Palmieri mentioned, we have seen the strongest seven years in agricultural trade in the history of our country since we started recording it in the past seven, and so agricultural exports are obviously very vital to the U.S. farm economy.    I think this is a Department-wide question. It is not just an FFAS or FAS question. It is hard to see when you look across the 17 agencies or seven mission areas, many of them have some components to international activities. FAS is the coordinator.    But it is not just the international components. I think it is also the domestic components as well. You would be changing leadership structures, and so I think it is a more complicated question than many people anticipated in the beginning, and that is why I think it is taking the department a little while to wrap its arms around this and really look at this question.    As you mentioned, this subcommittee directed us to do a study. We have received that study and the Department is going through that study and building upon what they provided for that report that was directed in the farm bill, and we hope by the end of this year to have that to Congress.    Ms. Taylor. As I said, Mr. Chairman, this is a much larger question for the whole Department. You are looking at a Departmental reorganization, and it is much larger than what I can control or what my mission area does.    What I can commit is I am certainly part of that conversation, and we have the study that the National Academy of Public administration (NAPA) did. We are working quite hard on this. We take it quite seriously. We take whatever laws Congress passes and directs us to do quite seriously, and we are certainly committed to working through the issues and the complexity of this in a pragmatic way and one that gives our employees certainty, but also gets Congress what they have requested.    Ms. Taylor. I will certainly go back and deliver that message, Mr. Chairman, and work on the pieces that I can control.    Ms. Taylor. Thank you for that question, Ranking Member Farr.    Obviously Cuba is an exciting market for U.S. agriculture. Our farmers and ranchers commodity groups are very excited by the possibility to be able to not just sell more product, but eventually when the embargo is lifted to be able to directly market to the Cuban people.    Cuba imports roughly 80 percent of its food, somewhere between $1.8 to $2 billion. In some years we have had a 50 percent market share of that. The past few years it has been declining. There is no reason when they are 90 miles off our coast that we should not have the majority of that.    Setting up a presence in Cuba is a priority for USDA. Certainly in the short term as more tourists from the United States will be going or more professionals for travel will be going to Cuba. That increases the risk of certain pests and diseases when they are coming back to the United States.    So having an Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS) component there is going to be very important.    It is also about rebuilding relationships. I had the ability to and the opportunity to travel with Secretary Vilsack in November on his first trip to Cuba, and it was the first time a U.S. Secretary had been there since the late 1950s and really rebuilding those relationships with our Cuban counterparts and finding areas of commonality.    One area of commonality that we discovered was citrus greening. We are doing a lot of work in Florida and research to combat citrus greening. Cuba has it as well and they are doing research as well, and we have looked at it from different perspectives.    There is a way to collaborate there and share what we have each learned and not kind of recreate the wheel. So I think there are a lot of different areas for us to work together in the short term, not just about selling more product, which our market development programs because of the embargo today are prohibited from being used there.