    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for both having this hearing and for your leadership on acquisition reform. As you mentioned, in last year's bill a number of changes were made in the area of acquisition, and I think you correctly state the need.    We have, well, more equipment that we need to buy than we have money to buy it. The next decade is going to be a major challenge for the Pentagon no matter what with major systems that need to be replaced or upgraded and a budget that is less than we had hoped it would be and may even be less still. So if we can buy that more efficiently, more quickly, at a lower cost, that is better.    But the challenges, you know, are in some cases, I think, difficult to overcome. And we can all sort of give the basic acquisition reform speech, which is, you know, we need to buy it more quickly; it needs to be upgradeable; we need to make decisions more quickly.    But let's look at the reasons why we don't. You know, certainly part of it is the bureaucracy, and we can look at working on that. But part of it also is just the rapidly changing nature of technology.    If you decide, okay, boom, right now, we are going to get this in 2 years, and in the middle of that process, there is some significant upgrade in a critical technology to the piece of equipment you are building, are you better to simply build what you did, accept good enough, or to try to incorporate in those new technologies that make it and improve it?    That is not an easy decision to make. It is the nature of the world we live in, and I don't think any acquisition reform process is necessarily going to change that. What I am most interested in is how we can more empower the individuals at the Pentagon to make those decisions with fewer layers of bureaucracy because one thing that does slow down the process is the number of people that have to approve a program. And it becomes sort of a, you know, vicious cycle. The programs take so long that you have more and different people in charge or a part of them, and everyone has got a slightly different way of looking at it when they become in charge, so it changes more and more as you go forward.    So what I would hope to do is to be able to empower individuals, program managers, to make quicker decisions to move forward. But if we are going to do that--is the last thing I will say--we also have to allow them to make mistakes.    And I think that is one of the biggest reasons that we have the acquisition nightmare that we have, is if a program is purchased and it doesn't work out and it becomes too costly, everybody is outraged. And there are all kinds of exposes. And what do we do? We say, well, we have got to have more oversight. You know, we have got to make sure we don't make these mistakes again. And what more oversight means is more people, more time, and a slower process. So we really have to make the choice and say that--you know, Silicon Valley loves to say that one of their great things is they tolerate failure because they know that is part of the experimentation process.    We need to learn how to do that a little bit at the Pentagon, empower people, make decisions, understanding they will make mistakes, but putting six layers of bureaucracy over the top of them isn't going to eliminate the mistakes and is only going to make the process more costly and more lengthy as well.    So it is a difficult challenge, one that I am aware we will not be able to legislate a magic fix for, but we want to figure out what we can do to help. So I look forward to your comments today that will help guide us in that process.    The Chairman. We are fortunate to be joined today by General Michael E. Williamson, the Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology; the Honorable Sean Stackley, Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition; and Mr. Richard W. Lombardi, acting Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition.    Again, thank you all for being here. Without objection, your full written statements will be made part of the record, and each of you will be recognized to summarize your comments.    General, please proceed.    General Williamson. Chairman Thornberry, Ranking Member Smith, and distinguished members of the Armed Services Committee, in the interest of time, I will just make a few comments. But I would like to start by first thanking you for your continuing engagement with the Army on acquisition reform. This is really about, how do we get capability to our soldiers quickly, really, the right equipment at the right time.    I also want to thank you for the legislation that supports attracting, training, and retaining quality acquisition professionals. At the end of the day, program success is tied to having qualified people managing and running those programs.    I respectfully request that my written statement be made a part of the record. In it, I discuss a couple of key areas: First, modular open systems architecture; the Army's ongoing evaluation and experimentation programs and initiatives; and, really, our efforts to build a technologically superior force. That can only be accomplished by having an acquisition system that is responsive and agile.    I think Mr. Smith's comment is really important: technologies will continue to change. So one of the things that I have been following this week is the Consumer Electronics Show out in Las Vegas, and what concerns me about that is the tremendous amount of technology that our potential adversaries now have access to. And so having an agile acquisition system, one that allows us to not just meet the current set of capabilities but also find technologies that give us a competitive advantage, overmatch capability becomes critical.    Mr. Chairman, distinguished members of the committee, let me take this opportunity to thank you again for your steadfast and strong support to the outstanding men and women of the United States Army, our Army civilians, and our families. This concludes my opening remarks, and I look forward to your questions.    The Chairman. Mr. Stackley.    Mr. Smith. Thank you.    I want to talk just a little bit about the program of record, which has come up a little bit here. And I view, based on a lot of historical examples, the program of record as being essentially evil. I realize there is a necessity for it.    But I just want to do a little thought experiment and see if there is some way that we can reduce that, and I will use just one example: the expeditionary fighting vehicle . We all know that the original idea didn't work out. I won't get into that. That has a lot to do, I think, with what the chairman says about prototyping and understanding what you can and can't do before you spend $8 billion.    But once that was done, the Marine Corps still had to get a new amphibious assault vehicle, and there already exists--I think it is four different companies that make four different types of amphibious assault vehicles. And the Marine Corps was able to go out and look at them and say: Yeah, I think these will meet our needs.    Now, the world that I would like to live in is a world where they go: That is the one we want, or we want these two; give us 10,000 of that and 10,000 of that. Now, the world we actually live in is even though these things already existed, even though the Marine Corps looked at them to make the decision, they had to go back and write an RFP out to these four companies. And they are down-selecting and moving through it. And I am sure somewhere along the way, someone is going to say: That is great, yeah, but can you make it lighter, or can you make it heavier, or could you put a gun here?    And by the time we are done with it, this thing is going to wind up costing a heck of a lot more than if the Marine Corps could have simply said, like I said: Give us 10,000 of those. That is great. Let's go.    So what is wrong with my scenario that I just described? Why can't we do that? And getting out of that scenario, is there any way we can reduce the number of purchases that are made by the Pentagon that require a program of record and simply allow for more buying, if you will? This isn't really commercial-off-the-shelf because we are talking about a piece of defense equipment. You can't go out and buy your own amphibious assault vehicle.    But it is, nonetheless, you know, commercial-off-the-shelf, or if there is an existing piece of technology and you want to buy it, is there a way to reduce our reliance on having a program of record and all of the costs that come with that? Is there something we could do legislatively to help make that possible?    Mr. Smith. Yeah.    Mr. Smith. We don't have it yet, so I wouldn't celebrate that it-costs-less thing until we actually have the piece of equipment, is the one thing I would say, but----    Mr. Smith. Right.    Mr. Smith. That is a good explanation. I remain skeptical, and we will talk in 3 or 4 years when we see how all of what you just described plays out. But I still think, you know, shifting toward--and obviously this is a rather significant piece of equipment that I referenced. There are smaller things, and one of the things I would like to emphasize is buying more commercial-off-the-shelf. If there is a product out there that will do the job, let's just buy it and do the job because you can have competition in that environment too. I mean, even in this case, if there are four vehicles out there, there is competition right up front. I don't see why you have to have an RFP and a program of record to get those companies to compete. But I take your broader points, and we will see how it plays out.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Forbes.