    Mr. Schrader. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I guess questions for Mr. Jaffe and Mr. Reifsteck: What is the purpose of FDA labeling? What is the statutory requirement? Why do we label food?    Mr. Jaffe?    Mr. Schrader. Mr. Reifsteck?    Mr. Schrader. Well, actually, it goes more specific. It talks about nutrition. And the goal is health and safety, obviously, of the American consumer.    I have been listening closely to the discussion. A lot of it just seems like--I would say our bill covers a lot of the concerns that we are talking about here, which is truth and honesty in labeling.    And I think everyone has responded to the chairman and other people's questions that there is currently no evidence that the genetically modified or genetically engineered crops we have to date cause health and safety problems. Our bill provides for, should they do that in the future, they would have to be labeled. This takes into account the fact that we don't know, maybe at some point in time there could be a problem, and FDA could regulate that. I think that is a good thing. I think we all would agree with that at the end of the day.    The bill also--for the right-to-know folks, in my state, we had a big discussion about genetically modified organisms and GE labeling--it also provides for the right to know. It provides a mandatory labeling if you are going to claim that your product is non-GMO. I think that is important. People need to know.    And then there is a process by which FDA and the Secretary can actually establish that. That is good. That allows the consumer to know exactly what he or she is getting.    To the discussion on ``natural,'' there is a section here--I agree with Mr. Giddings, it would be tough to define ``natural.'' As an organic farmer, with all due respect to Mr. Daloz, who is talking about this partially produced, 70 percent--it is like being half-pregnant. As an organic farmer and as an organic consumer, I want to know, is it organic or is it not?    And right now I think it is important for members of the committee and citizens in our country to know we already have, a bioengineering label to some degree; it is called ``organic.'' As an organic farmer and, frankly, working on the farm bill this last Congress, we spent a lot of time trying to make sure that that meant something, that it was organic or it was not, and that the USDA and FDA had tools in place to actually make that statement.    I have conventional farming friends that also have organic operations. And, yes, they have to use two separate facilities and stuff; there is a cost to it. But they make a market play, or it is a personal, philosophical thing that they want to do that at the end of the day. And that is good. The consumer benefits from that.    The most important thing that this bill does, in my opinion, is it defines what a genetically engineered substance, organism is. Because right now there is nothing out there. There is the blogs, there is this hysteria, there is this--on the other side, the people that say everything has been genetically modified over time. To some extent, that is probably true.    For the consumer that has a problem with stuff being done in vitro--which, as a scientist, I would argue is probably safer than traditional breeding, where you get inadvertent side effects that you can't control, where you can control them by just genetically splicing organisms at the end of the day. But those people that are concerned about that this gives them some certainty this is what this means. It gives the producer some certainly as to what genetically engineered actually means.    And I think it has been clearly stated here that, to have a patchwork of regulatory framework where it sort of means this or it doesn't mean that, when we have food and produce that not only goes across county lines but state lines and now international lines, I think some sort of national standard is crystally clear and needed.    This allows for those that are concerned about GE from a political or philosophical standpoint, not from a food health or safety standpoint, to get that stuff labeled and before them in time.    I think this bill is a great piece of legislation. It doesn't over-legislate. It gives the consumer the right to know what they need to know, but allows American farmers, American food manufacturers to still produce the safest, healthiest food in the world that, I would point out, has increased yield, reduces tillage, reduces use of pesticides--many things that some of the very same people who are against any genetically engineered organism really also want at the end of the day.    So I think this is an excellent compromise and would urge the committee to adopt it at the end of the day.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.