    Mr. Hultgren. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Cordray. Director, I would like to focus on CFPB's proposed changes to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act rule. I thoroughly support the original goal of the legislation preventing discriminatory lending practices.    However, I am concerned that these changes will pose a significant burden on mortgage lenders, including community banks and credit unions. The small financial institutions are a key way that many people access the American Dream and yet they are struggling under a tsunami of burdensome and needless regulation.    CFPB's efforts thus far to narrowly tailor proposed HMDA requirements have been insufficient; even Dodd-Frank mandates 17 new data fields. CFPB has proposed an additional 20 required fields, imposing meaningful compliance costs on struggling small banks.    Director Cordray, will the CFPB do more to provide much needed HMDA regulatory relief to these small financial institutions that need the most help?    Mr. Hultgren. I really do hope you take them into consideration. The concern has been bipartisan, of really the weight on, especially community banks, smaller banks, credit unions.    Mr. Hultgren. It is not just this side, but really both sides have recognized that. And I do recognize the exemption that is there. I would say that the exemption is too low and I would encourage you to look at a larger number there.    Mr. Hultgren. That is right. Director, does CFPB still expect to finalize the HMDA rule in July? If so, when would companies be expected to comply? Given the immense resources expended in implementing the mortgage roles in TILA-RESPA, would the CFPB consider maybe a conformance period, similar to the one granted by the Federal Reserve for the Volcker Rule where during this period banks would not be subject to enforcement actions if they showed a good faith effort to comply with the new rule.    Mr. Hultgren. Well, again--    Mr. Hultgren. We are hearing from people who are concerned, so don't think it is not a concern.    Mr. Hultgren. I think there is concern there. I think there are precedents for something as I mentioned where there is a window if they are making a good faith effort to comply, and this conformance period, to me, seems realistic and the proper thing to do to accept that.    Let me go on. By including home equity lines of credit and commercial loans secured by dwelling, the CFPB is going far beyond the HMDAs statutory purpose: to ensure customers have access to mortgage credits. This will greatly distort the HMDA data; not only will you be comparing apples and oranges but the systems and loan process is completely different for those different types of loans.    Given these concerns, wouldn't customers be better served if the HMDA continued to apply solely to mortgages?    Mr. Hultgren. You want to serve customers and protect them.    Mr. Hultgren. That is the idea, I think. But when you so protect them that they can't even have access to this, be able to apply, I think there is a real problem there.    Mr. Hultgren. I would also just mention--my time is almost expired, so I will just say I am also concerned about protecting highly sensitive consumer information. I know much of this is a part of the application process and I am very concerned. I am hearing back from my constituents about concerns of potential breaches with that information.    My time has expired. I yield back.