    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Actually, I have a question for Ms. Barron-DiCamillo.    But, first, I want to ask Ms. Archuleta, members have been concerned about this 4.2 million number. You have tried to straighten that out. For the record, that is not a final number. It almost surely will go up. Is that the case?    Ms. Norton. I understand that.    Ms. Norton. So the number is going to go up. I understand--indeed, I am receiving calls from Federal employees about OPM's promise of 18 months, I believe it is, free credit monitoring. Is it true that Federal employees must pay for this service----    Ms. Norton. --after that time?    Ms. Norton. Ms. Archuleta, there is a great deal of concern, not so much about how much to pay for it but the amount of time, that the 18 months may be too short a period of time given how much you don't know and we don't know.    Ms. Norton. Well, are you prepared to extend that time if necessary?    Ms. Norton. I will ask, are you prepared to extend that 18 months in light of what has happened to Federal employees if necessary?    Ms. Norton. Precisely for that reason, Ms. Archuleta, I have got to go on. If the scope is greater as you get more information, will you correlate that to extending the amount of time that Federal employees have for this credit monitoring?    Ms. Norton. Will you get back to us within 2 weeks on that?    Ms. Archuleta, we have people out there, all of us have constituents out there who have been directly affected. When you won't even tell me that you are prepared to extend the time for credit monitoring, what kind of satisfaction can they get from OPM? I am just asking you that if necessary----    Ms. Norton. In other words, you are not even willing to answer that question. Are you willing to answer this question: They report having to wait long periods of time, sometimes hours, to even get anybody on the phone from OPM. Can you assure me that if a Federal employee calls they can get a direct answer forthwith today if they call? And if not, what are you going to do about it?    Ms. Norton. Within what period of time, Ms. Archuleta?    Ms. Norton. Ms. Archuleta, you let the chairman know before the end of this week what is the wait time for a return call.    Ms. Norton. That was a subject of great concern.    Ms. Norton. We need to do all we can to give some assurance. We can't even assure them that beyond 18 months, they are going to get credit monitoring. That's a very unsatisfactory answer, I want you to know.    I want to ask Ms. Barron-DiCamillo, we understand that much of this is classified, and we keep hearing: We can't tell you things because it's classified.    Of course, the press is finding out lots of stuff. They reported that law enforcement authorities have been examining the connection between the cyber attack at OPM and a previous data breach that occurred at KeyPoint. So I want to ask you, Ms. Barron-DiCamillo, and I don't want to discuss--I am not asking about anything classified--in the course of your own investigation at US-CERT into KeyPoint's data breach, did you find that hackers were able to move around the company network prior to detection?    Ms. Norton. Yes.    Ms. Norton. Even to the domain level?    Ms. Norton. What does that allow hacker to do if you can get to the domain level?    Ms. Norton. KeyPoint.    Ms. Norton. But they could get the background checks on Federal----    Ms. Norton. I just want to get to this final thing. They could get the background checks on Federal employees.    Ms. Norton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.