    Mr. Grothman. Thank you.    Two comments before I ask questions. First of all--and this is kind of a followup on what I think Congressman Hurd was trying to get at--it surprises me you folks are not more contrite over what happened. It seems like you don't understand the enormity of the disaster that has happened here.    Secondly, I think sadly this is all too often common for government, and it is something that I think everybody in this institution should remember as we pass bills having the government have these huge data banks of educational information or medical information or what have you. Because if the people in charge of these banks of information don't display more sense of urgency than you folks, I think, you know, the possibility of this happening at other agencies is something we should be considering.    But now I have some questions for Ms. Seymour.    You are going to be in charge of a whole overhaul of this whole IT thing, correct?    Mr. Grothman. Do you feel you have got the skill set to oversee something of this magnitude?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. In your past positions, have you overseen--what were the largest projects that you have overseen, IT projects in your prior work experience?    Mr. Grothman. Sizewise similar to----    Mr. Grothman. And how quickly were they able to complete these projects?    Mr. Grothman. And how quickly do you think you will be able to complete this current project? Do you have a goal or an expectation?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. One other question. Last time you were before this committee, you referred to the fact that you deal closely with the IG. And last time we had a major IG project you apparently did not notify him of the project. Do you have a reason for that or an explanation for that?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. But an undertaking of this size, you know, maybe it's not something you normally tell the IG about, but you would not have felt the necessity to notify them what's going on here?    Mr. Grothman. Okay. Thank you.