    Ms. Clarke. Thank you. It is good to be with the committee, and I find myself in somewhat a unique and interesting position today, having formerly served as the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. When I was in that position, I directed and oversaw the development of a sage grouse strategy for conservation, which was implemented throughout the BLM in 2003 and 2004. And I believe that that contributed significantly to the finding of not-warranted for listing that we had in 2005.    As the current Director of the Public Land Policy Coordinating Office, I was given a similar assignment by Governor Herbert. I was asked to assemble a team of stakeholders, to do a year-long overview of the status of sage grouse in the state of Utah, and to put together a comprehensive sage grouse conservation plan for the state.    I believe that Utah's work in this effort should also contribute to a not-warranted finding. However, despite our good work and tireless efforts to find common ground with our Federal land management agencies, I can tell you that, sadly, I think there is a dichotomy developing between the state's collaborative approach and Federal unilateralism. What started out as a very promising partnership is becoming increasingly imbalanced and, sadly, adversarial.    I want to be clear. The state of Utah is absolutely committed to the conservation, long-term conservation, of the sage grouse. Over $50 million have been invested in the last 10 years in sage grouse conservation, and Utah has only 4 percent of the birds. But that is the second-highest amount that any state has invested in the grouse conservation.    In close partnership with our Federal agencies, we have restored over half-a-million acres of sage grouse habitat. This has been since 2006. Significantly, that is after a not-warranted decision was made. So, fears that if a not-warranted decision comes out, then we stop conservation, are simply not true--at least not in Utah, because that put us to work at an even more rigorous pace.    Research and groundwork have been the hallmark of sage grouse conservation in Utah. We have engaged in an aggressive research program in the state led by Utah State University and other universities, and we have probably the most robust data set on sage grouse of any state in the West. We have over 15 years, a very comprehensive data that has been collected throughout each of our significant sage grouse management areas. That has been done in collaboration with local working groups; these groups are an assemblage of Federal agencies, as well as on-the-ground partners, such as ranchers, farmers and sports enthusiasts, and the scientists. They have worked together to come up with a clear understanding of the needs of the bird.    We have engaged in land management studies involving habitat improvement and restoration, predator control, and population augmentation. And the results, quite frankly, have been stunning and directly contradict the doom and gloom that we are hearing about the sage grouse. We have taken our scientific findings and translated them into very effective conservation practices. As a result of the work, populations in Utah have stabilized and trends are positive.    A recent study by the Pew Foundation failed to recognize that fact, but it also ignored the 9- to 12-year cyclical nature of the birds within the state of Utah, even though the scientist that issued that report had previously acknowledged that cycle in a prior study on population viability. Our matrix for success are far simpler. Recognizing the cyclical nature of populations in Utah, we have the goal of stabilizing these trends by focusing on the most basic conservation need of the birds, and that is the maintenance and the creation of usable habitat for the populations of the birds.    Our conservation plan provides a solid framework for assessing the needs of the birds within the state. Utah is not like Wyoming; we do not have a vast sea of sagebrush. And we are not like the Great Basin. Our most important conservation strategies address the major threats that the species face in Utah, and that is wildfire and the associated invasion of undesirable grasses and the encroachment of conifer trees into the sagebrush. These natural events constitute 97 percent of the threat in the state of Utah, where development, or ex-urban development and energy, only represent 3 percent of the threat to our sage grouse populations.    Our strategies are based upon the best-available science, and we rely on robust data collected for over 20 years. We analyzed every wildfire in our separate sage grouse management areas over a period of 18 years to see where those vulnerabilities were.    The Chairman. Kathleen, I need you to summarize.    Ms. Clarke. OK.    The Chairman. You are over, here.    Ms. Clarke. I am already over?    The Chairman. Yes. I gave you a break for the cough you had. I need you to summarize quickly.    Ms. Clarke. OK, all right. I want to emphasize that the state of Utah is fully committed to conserving sage grouse populations. We place great reliance on the substantial contributions of ranchers and other concerned landowners to conserve the species.    And I want to state that I firmly believe that regulations do not conserve species. I believe that people do. And if people are going to work for conservation, conservation has to work for people. In the state of Utah, we have a plan that motivates our private landowners. We work in concert with our Federal partners and our state agencies, and we have a very successful program and look forward to working with all of our partners to continue that into the future. Thank you.    Ms. Clarke. I am somewhat familiar with the predicaments on the Klamath, and have great empathy for those who have been impacted by the listings that are involved there.    I believe we have to find better ways to do things; and I think, as the Chairman said, part of what we hope to accomplish in this hearing is to consider innovation and new ideas to break some of the traditional fixes that have not proved to be effective. I don't think we have to sacrifice human activity----    Ms. Clarke. That is right.    Ms. Clarke. Would you like me to go?    Ms. Clarke. Thank you for the question. We have had a very good working relationship with our Federal partners in the state of Utah. It started out, I think, as a real partnership. We worked closely together. We had a task force of higher-level officials that met periodically, and we continued to meet.    But at a couple of different stages in the process in the evolution of this we started getting top-down directives which seemed to contradict the conservation objectives that we had all agreed to. Most recently, we have had some additional ones that are very----    Ms. Clarke. Well----    Ms. Clarke. We are getting a new overlay of constraints that are going to be imposed upon the land use plans that, at least in the case of Utah, we believe do not address the threats. What they do is constrain human activity, and they threaten the economic stability of our state, and our educational incomes to support our students; so it is troublesome.    Ms. Clarke. I am not aware that there are any sage grouse in the DC area.    Ms. Clarke. I think it is the culture in Washington. I think not just the agencies at Interior, but so much of Washington gets removed from reality. I think it is a matter of respect, and showing the due respect to the local people out in the West. Sometimes it is the farmers and the ranchers, who aren't scientists, that get it the best. They understand the land and the resources, and what is going on.    Ms. Clarke. Well, I think part of the response is what you are seeing from Congress. There are those who say that collaboration is not working, it is becoming heavy-handed, the state's input is being devalued, and so we have to find another solution.    We hope we can find a workable solution with or without congressional intervention. We do not need a listing. The states are incredibly capable and committed to conserving the sage grouse, the habitat. These are our homes, this is where we live. We want it taken care of, not just to avoid a listing, but because we want that land and those species to be viable for our children and our grandchildren.    Ms. Clarke. I think predators are an important issue. In Utah, they certainly are. And I do think we need better stewardship of Federal lands.    Ms. Clarke. It is amazing. They absolutely are. Often, they move into them almost immediately. Within months we see sage grouse moving into restored habitat. So, absolutely, it is effective.    Ms. Clarke. That is right. We have a 10-year plan to go out and remove pinyon juniper throughout the state in sage grouse management areas. We need to get past the timely problems of getting an EA done, so that we can do that on Federal land, as well. We want to work with the Feds as well as private landowners to move quickly and remove that PJ and improve habitat.    Ms. Clarke. Our local players in the BLM and the Forest Service are so eager to participate because they like the vision and the capacity they see in the state of Utah, but sometimes they are hog-tied by regulations. And they----    Ms. Clarke. They are not nimble.    Ms. Clarke. They are constrained.    Ms. Clarke. At this point I feel like it is--that the motivation is more to manage land, and to restrict human uses of land, rather than to manage species.    Ms. Clarke. Well, I think it is the Federal regulators. What their motivations are, I am not going to pretend to know. But at this point, the way we assess the threats in Utah, this latest round of land management restrictions do not address the threats that the sage grouse face in the state of Utah.    Ms. Clarke. That is right.    Ms. Clarke. And sometimes it is policy out of DC.    Ms. Clarke. No. In Utah, about half of our sage grouse habitat is on private land. And, interestingly, I don't think the Feds can conserve sage grouse on Federal lands alone, because the settlers in Utah were smart folks, and they settled prime lands that are now a critical part of the habitat of year-round live habitats for the grouse. So we have to have a landscape-level integrated plan to make it work.    Ms. Clarke. I think the sage grouse is worth protecting.     Ms. Clarke. Go ahead.    Ms. Clarke. That is absolutely true.    Ms. Clarke. I think it goes back to my statement that I really don't believe regulation is going to conserve the species, and that is at the core of the listing. It is a very severe regulatory move. I appreciate the members of the panel here and their general agreement that we don't have to go there.    But we are starting to see this regulatory heavy hand on the plans of our Federal partners, and that is the BLM and the Forest Service. I have great concerns that those plans may become so detrimental to our ability to access, enjoy, and utilize the lands in our states, such as Yakima, that the plans may be, in fact, more dangerous than a listing.    So, what we are all struggling for right now--and it is what I have heard from my companions here--is that we are holding out hope that we can negotiate with the Department of the Interior and with the Department of Agriculture and the Forest Service to get to a point where the plans are responsible, that they acknowledge that the states have a very significant role in conservation, and that, together, we don't need to list; but we don't need to shut down the public lands, either.    Ms. Clarke. Is Federal.    Ms. Clarke. That is on whatever lands need the treatment. We look at the landscape and we work with all partners and landowners.    Ms. Clarke. Yes, where they have the appropriate NEPA, we have gone ahead and cleared lands.    Ms. Clarke. Yes. If they are not NEPA-cleared, we can't touch them.    Ms. Clarke. Absolutely. The Deseret Land and Livestock is a beautiful example in northern Utah. That is a privately managed area. Sage grouse populations thrive; they have robust grazing. It is an area that has had oil and gas activity. So, it is land that is stewarded. We need more stewardship on public land.    Ms. Clarke. Yes.    Ms. Clarke. I have found that this Administration has curtailed access to public lands in a pretty dramatic way. Early on in this Administration there was a paper that was leaked that suggested that they wanted about half of the BLMs in conservation status, about half of the acreage. Through various means, it seems we are getting there.    I am concerned that a listing would certainly take more of that land out of play, but so would severe land use plan restrictions. So, it is a troubling pattern that I have seen.    Ms. Clarke. I would love to see the Federal Congress take a good, hard look at the regulatory process in the agencies. I think right now they run pretty much with a free hand; and I think some of these regulations that have such tremendous impact should have to come before Congress and be approved, rather than be allowed to be adopted by the agency.    Ms. Clarke. I am not aware that they have given us a population number. The state itself has objectives, but we have not been given a goal.    Ms. Clarke. In Utah, I do not believe the Federal plan is focused on the most important issues. More importantly, it is not focused on solutions to deal with those threats--the main ones in Utah, fire and invasives, pinyon juniper and sagebrush--or, excuse me, not sagebrush--grass, cheatgrass. Cheatgrass is terrible, problematic, terribly problematic.    Ms. Clarke. Yes, absolutely.    Ms. Clarke. Well, in the state of Utah we did a very careful analysis, and it is about 3 percent.    Ms. Clarke. Very insignificant.    Ms. Clarke. We have had a lot of participation, a lot of exchange. I think sometimes we are heard, but nothing changes as the Feds listen to our perspective. So we have had some very good experiences and some very disappointing ones. As this has evolved, we feel like it is becoming much more federally driven, and less of a partnership.    Ms. Clarke. I think the states can be much more nimble and adjust quickly. Federal plans, once in place, are very, very difficult to modify. Going through plan amendments can take years.    Ms. Clarke. On Federal land, absolutely.    Ms. Clarke. Yes.    The Chairman. Idaho plan? Does it deal with wildfire?    Ms. Clarke. It increases habitat and populations.    The Chairman. All right. So, even the Secretary and the Interior Department say they don't want to list the sage grouse; so none of us are talking about listing as the goal.    There is also some kind of concept here, when we are talking about delaying listing. I just want to be very clear that the legislation that was actually passed by the House the other day doesn't delay listing of the sage grouse. It actually implements the state management plans of the sage grouse. It is an entire difference.    There is also a difference here. Mr. Miller, you mentioned this, too. If, indeed, it is listed or not, if BLM or the others come up with a regional management plan that has this criteria for the sage grouse, whether it is listed or not, that is a moot issue, then, isn't it?    Ms. Clarke. Given the cycle of the bird, absolutely. You are not going to see the total effectiveness for a period of----    The Chairman. So, in Utah, at least, from 2007 to 2013, there was a decline in the population of the bird, we say, which has been quoted by a lot of special interest groups. But if you go back to 1968 and use that as the base, our population is----    Ms. Clarke. It is on the rise.    The Chairman. Like about 350 percent higher than it was----    Ms. Clarke. Yes, absolutely.    The Chairman . Back in 1968?    Ms. Clarke. It is stunning.    The Chairman. Which is one of the reasons why, in the plan, once again, in the NDAA, to allow the state plans to have 10 years to work, so you find out if it does work without BLM putting other regional management plans and taking away the actual application of litigation.    Ms. Clarke. Correct.    The Chairman. OK. I am running down here as quickly as I can.    Since my language in the military bill has been called into question by a few people, let me state that for you, the states who don't think the Federal Government has been in consultation with you, feel yourselves lucky they have done what you had, because the military is stating that they do have a problem with the potential listing of sage grouse on their ranges. And they will clearly tell you the Fish and Wildlife Service has done no consultation at all with the military, which is why they are caught unaware.    Mr. Newhouse is correct. His range is spending $1.5 million a year to conserve and protect 250 birds, 80 of which were brought in from Idaho. And that is why every branch of the military said this is a concern. It is a military issue. There has been no consultation with Interior as to what will happen on the military issues, even though it was supposed to take place. So, if you compare yourselves to the Department of Defense, you guys have been blessed with all sorts of consultation.    But the question is, where do we go forward? Is there a possibility that the Federal Government will supersede your plans? And that is the question, and that is why you are here to talk about what the states can do. I think each of you has shown, in your individual states, the states are prepared, they are ready to move up; and, if we are going to be successful on this issue, we have to think things differently than we have done in the past, and that is why it is extremely important that the states be allowed to go forward with their plans. I appreciate your testimony here.    I am showing you how to do this. I have 26 seconds left, and I yield back my time. A second round of questioning for anyone who has it.    Mr. Grijalva.    Ms. Clarke. They certainly could be, depending on the way the critical habitat is designated; but once listed, they are listed on private and public lands. So doesn't matter.