    Ms. Brennan. Thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, for calling this hearing. I'm proud to be here today on behalf of the dedicated men and women of the United States Postal Service, who work hard every day to serve the American public.    The Postal Service currently operates with a business model that is unsustainable. In the past decade, total mail volume declined by 28 percent, and first-class mail, our most profitable product, has declined by 35 percent. To put this in perspective, the annual value of the revenue lost as a result of this volume decline is $21 billion per year. Nevertheless, the Postal Service is required to maintain an extensive network necessary to process and deliver the mail to every address 6 days a week.    The cost of that network is largely fixed or growing, regardless of volume. However, less volume and limited pricing flexibility means that there is less revenue to pay for that network and fund other costs imposed upon us by law.    We continue to make difficult but necessary decisions within the constraints of our business model to adapt to our rapidly changing marketplace. We have streamlined our operations, restructured our networks, and improved productivity for 6 consecutive years. As a result of these efforts, we've achieved annual cost savings of nearly $15 billion. We have also been successful in stabilizing marketing mail revenues and growing our package delivery business, which together enable America's e-commerce.    However, all of these actions cannot offset the negative impacts caused by the continued decline in the use of first-class mail. Since 2012, the Postal Service has been forced to default on more than $28 billion in mandated payments to the Treasury for retiree health benefits. Without these defaults, the deferral of capital investments and aggressive management actions, we would not be able to pay our employees, our suppliers, or to deliver the mail.    Without legislative and regulatory reform, our net losses will continue to grow regardless of our ongoing efforts to grow revenue and improve operational efficiencies. If allowed to continue, this will have a devastating impact on the future of the organization and the customers we serve.    Mr. Chairman, we need legislation now. Over the past year, we have been working with postal stakeholders to identify key reforms capable of achieving broad support and which would return the Postal Service to financial stability. The legislation we are seeking reflects the results of these discussions and includes the following four provisions: require full Medicare integration for postal retiree health plans, restore our exigent price increase for market-dominant products, calculate all retirement benefit liabilities using postal-specific salary growth and demographic assumptions, and provide additional product flexibility.    By enacting legislation that includes these provisions, the Postal Service can achieve an estimated $32 billion in combined cost reductions and new revenue over the next 5 years. Enactment of these provisions, favorable changes to our rate-setting system by the Postal Regulatory Commission, and our aggressive efficiency and revenue initiatives will return the Postal Service to financial stability.    Medicare integration is the most important of the legislative provisions we recommend. As the second-largest contributor to Medicare, our proposal allows the Postal Service and our employees to fully utilize the benefits for which we have already paid. By requiring full Medicare integration for Postal Service retirees, we will essentially eliminate the current unfunded liability for retiree health benefits.    We are also seeking to restore the exigent rate increase as a permanent part of our rate base. In April, the Postal Service was required by the PRC to eliminate the exigent surcharge and to reduce our prices. This will reduce our revenues this year by $1 billion and by approximately $2 billion annually, further worsening our financial condition. Reinstating the exigent surcharge is critical to the Postal Service's financial stability.    Mr. Chairman, our financial challenges are serious but solvable. The proposals we are advancing today are fiscally responsible. They enable the Postal Service to invest in the future and to continue to provide affordable and reliable delivery service. Mr. Chairman, I look forward to working with this committee and our stakeholders to restore the financial health of the United States Postal Service.    This concludes my remarks. I welcome any questions that you and the committee may have. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Brennan. That's correct.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman Duncan, you're correct in terms of the decline in total mail volume. The challenge for us is the continued decline particularly in first-class mail, which pays the bills, defines our network requirements, hence, our actions to right-size the infrastructure and take cost out of the system. There are still opportunities, but I think as noted, we've reduced our annual cost base by $15 billion.    Ms. Brennan. I would agree with that, Congressman.    Ms. Brennan. We've spent the better part of the past year, Congressman, on trying to build consensus with key stakeholders, a narrower group of provisions, high value, that would generate more than $32 billion in cost reductions and savings over the next 5 years. The reality is in my discussions with public officials, members of this committee, there's no congressional consensus for moving to 5-day delivery.    Ms. Brennan. The Postal Service is looking at, how do we leverage our infrastructure, which is an asset? How do we grow profitable revenue? How do we look to fill the mailbox and fill the truck? That's what we're focused on.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman Duncan, I would say that we have a plan forward. There is a way to resolve these legacy costs and these liabilities, and that's by permitting the Postal Service to integrate with Medicare. It's universal practice. Our employees, as noted by the chairman and the ranking member, have paid more than $29 billion in Medicare taxes, and we should benefit from that opportunity. There is a way forward without looking at diminishing benefits to either current or future employees.    Ms. Brennan. That's correct, Congressman Cummings.    Ms. Brennan. Yes ----    Ms. Brennan. Yes. If I may just say, sir, we are innovating at the core in the mail by giving mail a digital reflection to stabilize it and look to grow advertising mail. In the package arena we've partnered with large e-commerce retailers to customize delivery solutions, same-day, next-day, Sunday delivery, delivery of other products, groceries as an example.    And I think as Commissioner Taub mentioned, it's innovating for us at the core. Our core competency is delivery. How do we leverage that delivery network? We've partnered with other government agencies to do in-person proofing. We did a pilot test in Arizona to on-board census workers. We think there's some opportunity for us in the future with other government agencies to do ID verification whether it's at a local retail or on the doorstep with the enhanced technology we have embedded in our mobile delivery devices.    Ms. Brennan. Very much ----    Mr. Cummings.--financially?    Ms. Brennan. I would say this. The growth in package volume, Congressman Cummings, over the past year or past 5 years I'll cite, 49 percent growth in package volume, more than 1.5 billion more packages in the system. The Postal Service now delivers roughly 30 percent of all packages in the country.    Credit to President Rolando and President Dwyer of the National Rural Letter Carriers Association who worked with us to enable us to have greater flexibility with the workforce to be responsive to the customer requirements of an Amazon and others that we're working with.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, Congressman Cummings ----    Ms. Brennan. Absolutely.    Mr. Cummings.--online.    Ms. Brennan. No, I--hyper growth, hyper growth. But the challenge it's a very competitive delivery space. We compete for customers every day. It's the value proposition, competitive pricing, the transit time, performance, and certainly visibility. And the Postal Service has made investments in all of those components to ensure we improve our competitive standing.    We need to recognize that while our strength is last-mile deliver, we're challenged there. The so-called Uberization of package delivery, it's a very competitive space, so we recognize we've got to compete for that business.    The challenge, though, ultimately for us, the package growth alone won't offset the losses in first-class volume, hence the need to address the legacy costs, specifically looking at Medicare integration as the cornerstone of our legislative ask.    Ms. Brennan. Yes. Yes, Congressman. We created a catalog called Irresistible Mail that imbeds in the catalog new technologies well beyond QR codes to include augmented reality near-field communications, so you open that catalog, it comes to life, so making it more creative and making it more relevant to the end consumer.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, I would say this: As I noted, it is a very competitive delivery space, so we've got to compete for that business. The term ``coopetition'' exists whether it's with Amazon, who's a valuable customer as well as business partner, or UPS and FedEx who are traditional competitors, also business partners for us. So, again, it comes down to delivering the best value, and that includes service and price.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, the consolidation was in response to that decline in single-piece first-class mail, which is down more than 35 percent over the last decade. The service standard change and consolidation did not impact the delivery of packages, which is the growth product. We did the responsible thing, which was right-size the infrastructure, address the latent capacity, and look at how to better utilize our assets. Now, service is foundational and it is key to growth. We recognize that.    Ms. Brennan. Why are we still or not talking about ----    Ms. Brennan. Yes.    Ms. Brennan. Yes.    Mr. Farenthold.--yet nobody is bringing them up today?    Ms. Brennan. Again, Congressman, my approach in the past year was to try to build consensus around provisions, high value likely to generate broad support.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, we have made the hard decisions. You just noted one, the consolidations. The accelerated pace with which we ran was because of our dire financial situation.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, we deferred the consolidations until we stabilized the network because service is our mission, and service was not where it needed to be. It has since improved and we're showing positive trends in that regard.    I would offer--your comment about mode conversation, cluster boxes, for all new delivery, based on the delivery characteristics of that environment, we either effect delivery through box-on-post or centralized delivery. And of the more than 900,000 new possible deliveries that we added last year, over 70 percent were centralized or box-on-post. So we're making the right business decisions.    Ms. Brennan. That's correct.    Ms. Brennan. First, I would say, Congressman Meadows, it's the right thing to do to ensure that our pensions and the retiree health benefits is funded. It was the accelerated pace of that funding that created a large part of the challenge, but now we're beyond that come this fall. The issue now is it's a system that's unaffordable for us. And, again, going back to we've paid more than $29 billion into the fund. Our employees should benefit ----    Ms. Brennan. In and of itself, it's not enough ----    Ms. Brennan. Depending on the characteristics of the delivery environment, yes. We currently do affect delivery to cluster boxes ----    Ms. Brennan. Yes. And, sir, what I--if I may, the comment I made earlier about new delivery and based on the delivery characteristics, what we would not recommend is mandatory conversion of existing door delivery, of which we have over 37.5 million businesses and residents that get door delivery ----    Ms. Brennan. Yes. And if I may also comment, management has demonstrated a willingness to address operational efficiencies and to reduce costs, and we'll continue to do that ----    Ms. Brennan. I apologize.    Ms. Brennan. If I may, Ms. Rectanus mentioned that we don't have any major cost reductions initiatives planned. We do. We have more than $5 billion in cost reductions embedded into our 5-year plan, and we continue to look at opportunity to drive operating efficiencies. That's our responsibility.    Ms. Brennan. I am committed. And if you would, if you'd give me those envelopes, I will look at that.    Ms. Brennan. No. No, you won't ----    Ms. Brennan. Thank you.    Ms. Brennan. Specifically, Congresswoman, the salary wage growth. And we estimate over a 5-year period that to be valued at roughly $3.2 billion.    Ms. Brennan. Roughly $3.2 billion over a 5-year period.    Mr. Connelly.--yield? I thank my friend. And I want to thank you all for being here. And I have got to say, Postmaster General Brennan, you represent a breath of enormous fresh air. I mean, I want to say publicly how much I appreciate working with you. We have been able to forge a bipartisan coalition. Mr. Chairman, thank you for your leadership and bringing us together to do that.    And I share the sentiments of my friend Mr. Lynch from Massachusetts and am very hopeful we are going to get postal reform, not everything but a big chunk of what we need to be addressing so thank you.    Ms. Brennan, what does it mean for the Postal Service to lose the exigent rate, which expired, I think, in April, right?    Ms. Brennan. Yes, Congressman Connelly. This year, we estimate that impact to be up to a billion dollars this fiscal year and roughly $2.1 billion going forward, worsening our financial situation.    Ms. Brennan. Thank you, Congressman Connelly. And it relates to the questions from Congressman Meadows. We need the legislative reform, a favorable resolve of the rate-setting process, and management actions need to continue to drive operational efficiencies and grow profitable revenue. All the above would put us on firmer financial footing, have manageable debt, and have the ability to invest.    Ms. Brennan. We have about 498,000 career and 136,000 flexible or non-career employees.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, roughly 634,000.    Ms. Brennan. We have a requirement, our universal service obligation, to deliver to all 155 million delivery points, 135 million of which are physical delivery points. The other 20 are post office boxes. So that requires an extensive network, and that network includes employees, facilities, vehicles and equipment ----    Ms. Brennan. No. I would say that we consistently look at how to rebalance and where there are opportunities. And if you look at the reduction in overall complement, we've reduced more than 168,000 employees over the last decade.    Ms. Brennan. The challenge, sir, is the workload content associated with package delivery, as an example ----    Ms. Brennan.--is ----    Mr. Hice.--I understand that.    Ms. Brennan. There's ----    Ms. Brennan. What we did, sir, in terms of rationalizing the network, consolidating facilities, adjusting retail hours at post offices to match customer demand, some of the same management actions that I've been recently criticized for.    Ms. Brennan. Our strategy is far more complex than that, Congressman.    Ms. Brennan. I was trying to simplify.    Ms. Brennan. It's--you don't want to--you can't cost-cut your way to prosperity. There are opportunities for us, certainly, to drive efficiencies. There are opportunities for us to look at overall operating expense, and we do that every day, but we also need to look at opportunity to grow. There are opportunities to grow. Mail still works. We delivered 154 billion pieces of mail last year and 150 billion was mail, 4 billion packages ----    Ms. Brennan. Let me first, if I may, Congressman, address your comment earlier about the losses. The majority of the losses are tied to the prefunding mandate.    In terms of our long-term plan, it is addressing infrastructure, how to leverage that, repurpose that to support the growth, address the latent capacity ----    Ms. Brennan. Package growth, sir. We've grown our packages 49 percent over the past 5 years. We will right-size the infrastructure, as we've been doing with where we need to consolidate with the decline in letter volume. We'll continue to look at every opportunity to improve operating efficiencies. We have a number, as I mentioned, of over $5 billion of cost reductions identified in our 5-year plan.    Ms. Brennan. To your first question, no, we are not reducing. In fact, we have two classes currently and in training to increase the postal inspection staffing.    And in terms of the theft, particularly as you're aware in your district, Congressman, we've got a postal inspection task force that's working with local authorities and the community and taking some proactive measures to address that. I'd be more than happy to brief you in detail given the sensitivity of those corrective measures.    Ms. Brennan. Certainly.    Ms. Brennan. Fundamentally, we're open to any new product and service that would generate profitable revenue. That said, we do provide some banking services now. We provide money orders, electronic money transfers, and cash treasury checks. We would need to look at that through a business prism. Can we execute effectively? Can we grow profitable revenue? And is this a service that is not offered in the public sector?    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, absolutely. And if I may just address Beverly Hills, which I am familiar with specifically, we did make some adjustments in transportation and staffing to improve the performance out of that particular facility, and I'll be glad to talk to you and follow upon the other issues.    Ms. Brennan. Products that generate roughly 76 percent of our revenue are capped at household inflation.    Ms. Brennan. We have an opportunity in 2017 with the review by the PRC of the rate-making process to look at the present price cap, is it meeting its objective as outlined in PAEA, which was to ensure that revenues cover our expenses and to ensure the financial stability of the Postal Service. We think there's opportunity there. We think a rigid price cap is fundamentally unsuited in an environment where you have declining workload and fixed or growing infrastructure costs.    Ms. Brennan. In terms of if we were granted ----    Ms. Brennan. Well, one ----    Mr. Walker.--you invest it?    Ms. Brennan. First of all, we would look to pay down debt if we were to--able to address these long-term liabilities. And the net losses that you cited, Congressman, are in large part due to the prefunding requirement. The past 3 years we have had controllable income, which is revenue less expense, that which was--is within our control.    Ms. Brennan. What we will do, our fiduciary responsibility would be to make decisions and prioritize which payments to make to ensure that we would be able to continue to deliver the mail and pay our employees and our suppliers.    Ms. Brennan. Yes. In terms of the cross subsidization issue, the PRC annually reviews to ensure that there is no cross subsidization, that our competitive products cover their cost, and also that they contribute a minimum of 5.5 percent to institutional costs. The PRC has found annually since the inception of PAEA that that is in fact happening.    Ms. Brennan. I do believe we're following the spirit of that law.    Ms. Brennan. I'd have to see that, sir, in terms of what you're actually referring to.    Ms. Brennan. That says ----    Mr. Walker.--suggests that the Postal Service is routinely prioritizing competitive products over market-dominant products. Can you expound on that?    Ms. Brennan. No, I believe that may be the PRC's comment that it suggests--I'm not sure what you're referencing there. If I can talk about the annual compliance ----    Ms. Brennan. I'll be happy to, Congressman. In terms of the prefunding requirement, my understanding is it's--would be unique to the Postal Service. There is some responsibility with the Department of Defense in terms of prefunding. My understanding is that their amortization payments are over a longer period of time, plus they are appropriated and integrated with Medicare.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, I'd have to read that report. In terms of the actual cost, we have some estimates about the cost, but a number of factors will determine the cost of the vehicle fleet replacement.    Ms. Brennan. Well, Congressman, that's a compilation of literally probably hundreds of audits and/or studies, so I would need to look at them in separation or in isolation to address that. Currently, the OIG does valuable work for us and identifies opportunity. Oftentimes, it is work that we are currently undertaking and working through, so I would certainly acknowledge that there is opportunity for process improvement and additional efficiencies that will help drive down costs.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, if I may start, Congresswoman, we completed phase 1. Phase 2 we completed 17 of the projected 82 consolidations. So we have additional consolidations that we'll revisit. We'll redo the economic analysis, given that that is now 5 years old, and would make the appropriate notifications before we resume those consolidations.    Ms. Brennan. That's correct, Congressman Clay.    Ms. Brennan. I agree with Mr.--President Rolando's comments. I would say that it's responsible to prefund. The challenge for us in the recent past was the accelerated payment schedule. Going forward, though, the challenge for us is to ensure Medicare integration.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, Congressman. Given that the prefunding requirement ends this fall, the challenge now is to address the larger issue of an unaffordable system for the Postal Service and our retirees.    Ms. Brennan. Fully integrating with Medicare for all of our retirees 65 and older would save us over $17.5 billion over the next 5 years.    Ms. Brennan. That's correct, Congressman. We're better situated than most.    Ms. Brennan. The current assets are over $50 billion in the RHB fund.    Ms. Brennan. Off the top of my head, I don't, Congressman. I'll get that information for you.    Ms. Brennan. It was growing, sir, yes.    Ms. Brennan. I understand your point. I ----    Ms. Brennan. I would tell you that it's not artificial, the challenges that we face.    Ms. Brennan. Congressman, we're currently in the technical review phase for the prototype vehicles. The plan is that we will determine one or more suppliers with multiple vehicle types that will test over roughly an 18-month period different topographies, different climates, and that will help inform our decisions as we move to the production timeline.    Ms. Brennan. That would be the upper bound in terms of replacement, and clearly, given our financial situation and certainly the suppliers' capability, we would be looking to purchase and deploy roughly 20 to 25,000 year.    Ms. Brennan. Correct, multiple years ----    Mr. Grothman.--over 6 years ----    Ms. Brennan.--Congressman, yes.    Mr. Grothman.--5 or 6 years. Okay. Next question. What is the pay if I go to work for the post office, start out either deliveryman, one of the guys and/or gals in the office? What is the starting pay for that?    Ms. Brennan. I would tell you the average work hour rate that I have off the top of my head is $41.    Ms. Brennan. Average work hour rate, fully loaded, $41. If it was a non-career employee, roughly $15 an hour.    Ms. Brennan. It would depend on the craft. If you were a letter carrier, roughly $15 an hour for a supplemental non-career employee.    Ms. Brennan. It would depend again on if you were new, roughly probably 20, $25 an hour. I'll get you the exact, Congressman.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, absolutely. More than 8 hours in a day or 40 hours in a week, consistent with the FLSA rules.    Ms. Brennan. Overtime can be in certain locales. It's seasonal. It depends on employee availability, mail volume, and the like.    Ms. Brennan. Average salary?    Ms. Brennan. Again, let me--I'll provide that for the record.    Ms. Brennan. Yes.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, thank you, Congresswoman. In terms of in Albuquerque and the effort we have again with the Postal Inspection Service partnering with local law enforcement and community members, we've got an antitheft prevention type campaign. I'll be happy to come up and brief you in more detail because it is important to us.    And as we deploy centralized boxes, we need to ensure that they are secure and that we can minimize any potential theft there. But I'll be happy to come up and give you more specifics. Given the sensitivity ----    Ms. Brennan. We need to correct that, whether it's holding mail at the post office or looking at other ways to affect delivery. We don't want disruption in service.    Ms. Brennan. Yes ----    Ms. Brennan. If I may ----    Ms. Brennan. I'm sorry, Mr. Chairman, I did just want to--a proof point to your comments, too, if I may. One was working recently with a Midwestern city to provide information on vacant buildings through our address management system.    Another you mentioned, the census, we did a pilot I mentioned earlier in the hearing out in Arizona on-boarding census workers, but we think there's an opportunity for us with the actual conducting of the census given in-person proofing at the facility or on the doorstep with the technology we now have.    Ms. Brennan. Sir, I do see opportunity there. I think another example that ----    Ms. Brennan. We may need some support from you and the chairman on that, but I think some of the outreach effort we have had with some of the other agencies is a starting point, leveraging our infrastructure.    I think another example is the TSA pre-verification for frequent fliers. There is an opportunity, I think, for us to handle some of that work as well.    Ms. Brennan. Yes, hence my comment, Robert, about needing need some assistance from the chair and the ranking member.    Ms. Brennan. Thank you.    Ms. Brennan. Thank you.