    Mr. LaHood. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank the witnesses for being here today. And I want to thank Chairman Smith for having this hearing today.    There was some references earlier on, you know, why we're having this hearing and the reason for it, and I would just tell you in my district when I talk to small and medium-sized businesses or I talk to farmers or healthcare providers or people in business, it's the number one issue that they talk about in terms of regulation, the overreach of the federal government, and, you know, the biggest hindrance to growing their small or medium-size business.    And, you know, when you also look at these regulations and the overreach, you know, from the standpoint--we've heard some arguments on, you know--from the other side on how these regulations make sense and we all want clean water and clean air, which we all share in that, but I think the other part of this is you look at what these lawsuits that have been filed in federal court, we look at yesterday the Supreme Court ruled--you know, put a stay on the climate rule, which is significant, basically let these lawsuits go forward, stopping that in its tracks.    You look at the Waters of the United States regulation, two federal judges, one in North Dakota, one in Cincinnati, have issued injunctive declaratory judgments on them basically saying these need to be stopped. They cannot go forward. And I think that's--if you look at the legal reasoning there, it's because of the overreach and the violation of laws here.    You also look at the executive order on immigration that has now gone to the U.S. Supreme Court because the Fifth Circuit underlying that has ruled that that appears to be unconstitutional, the point being that, you know, when you look at what this Administration has done particularly in terms of, you know, the regulation, the over-compliance, the--you know, the standards that have been put in place, and I think what I hear is, you know, there has not been a balanced kind of reasonable approach on this, working with business and industry. That seems to be the common theme.    And the question was asked earlier, well, what rule would you reverse? I think it should be asked from the standpoint of what could be put in place so that you have a dialogue and a discussion on how you work together to implement these rules to make it easier on business?    And, Mr. Bosworth, I commend you for engaging in the business you are and trying. It's a tough environment to do that.    But I guess for you, Ms. Kerrigan, in terms of a more balanced, reasonable approach in working with business on implementing these rules, you know, whether you could comment on that.    Mr. LaHood. Well, and I would follow up with Mr. Batkins on this. You know, at the end of your testimony you talked about what we need to do to reform this or change this. I mean, clearly, when you hear of a midnight regulation, that frightens every business owner when you've had an election that has occurred, and then between the period of time of an election and when somebody gets sworn in that you're going to have all these regulations come forth when there's really no accountability, right? Nobody is being held accountable. And that's what's scary and is what makes people very cynical about government, that exact phraseology. And then you see what's occurred.    So you mentioned in terms of reform, moratorium, but are there other things that are more substantial that can be put into place to kind of stop this mentality?    Mr. LaHood. Thank you. Those are all my questions, Mr. Chairman.