    Dr. Levatino. Thank you, Chairman and Members of the Committee. I only have 5 minutes, so I'm going to get right to it.    Second-trimester D&E abortion is performed between roughly 14 and 24 weeks of gestation. Your patient today is 17 years old; she's 22 weeks pregnant. Her baby is the length of your hand plus a couple of inches, and she's been feeling her baby kick for the last several weeks. And she's asleep on an operating room table.    You walk into that operating room, scrubbed and gowned, and after removing laminaria, you introduce a suction catheter into the uterus. This is a 14 French suction catheter. If she were 12 weeks pregnant or less, basically the width of your hand or smaller, you could basically do the entire procedure with this, but babies this big don't fit through catheters this size.    After suctioning the amniotic fluid out from around the baby, you introduce an instrument called the Sopher clamp. It's about 13 inches long. It's made of stainless steel. The business end of this clamp is about 2 1/2 inches long and a half-inch wide. There are rows of sharp teeth. This is a grasping instrument, and when it gets a hold of something, it does not let go.    A D&E procedure is a blind abortion, so picture yourself introducing this and grabbing anything you can blindly and pull, and I do mean hard, and out pops a leg about that big, which you put down on the table next to you. Reach in again, pull again, pull out an arm about the same length, which you put down on the table next to you. And use this instrument again and again to tear out the spine, the intestines, the heart, and lungs.    The head on a baby that size is about the size of a large plum. You can't see it, but you've a pretty good idea you've got it if you've got your instrument around something and your fingers are spread about as far as they go. You know you did it right if you crush down on the instrument and white material runs out of the cervix. That was the baby's brains. Then you can pull out skull pieces. And if you have a day like I had a lot of times, sometimes a little face comes back and stares back at you.    Congratulations. You've just successfully performed a second-trimester D&E abortion. You just affirmed your right to choose.    When we talk about abortions even later, 23 weeks and up--and we're talking up to 35 weeks and essentially all the way to term--the most commonly used procedure at this point is called the MOLD technique. I have not done any of these myself, but I can have the abortionists themselves in their clinic describe what we're talking about.    Will you please run my video?    Dr. Levatino. So, for $10,000, a woman 27-weeks pregnant gets to labor alone, unattended, in a hotel room, with no one there to watch her vital signs or otherwise attend her. And if her baby delivers into a toilet, her own dead son or daughter, so be it.    Thank you.    Dr. Levatino. They are referring to----    Dr. Levatino. I can't remember that microphone.    They are referring to bringing about a fetal death prior to initiating the procedure. You can do that a couple of ways. One is through the use of digoxin, which is actually what was on that video. And another one is through the use of potassium chloride. Potassium chloride is, I'll say, a more dangerous drug, and it is much more difficult to administer effectively to cause fetal death. By injecting digoxin either in large--moderately large doses into the amniotic sac or directly into the fetus, as was shown there, you can cause a fetal death. And that obviates the problem--if you are successful in that, you obviate the problem of a live birth. With a D&E abortion that I described initially, between 14 and 24 weeks and dismembering a baby--dismemberment abortion, if you wish, there's no chance of a life birth at all. But when you use these later techniques where you are essentially inducing labor through the laminaria and another drug called misoprostol, if you don't induce fetal death ahead of time, then you run the risk of a live birth, and then you have the situation of a person under the law, even as our laws are constituted, that has a right to medical care, which is obviously not going to be available in hotel rooms or in clinics. These women need to be in hospitals. I think that's what they're referring to.    Dr. Levatino. I did over 1,200 abortions over a 4-year period in private practice, not counting the ones that I did during my training. I met my wife during my first year of training at Albany Medical Center. We got married about a year later and found that we had an infertility problem. After years of failed infertility treatment and several years trying to adopt a child, we were blessed with adopting of a little girl that we named Heather in August 1978. As sometimes happens in those situations, my wife got pregnant the very next month, and we had two children 10 months apart. Two months short of my daughter Heather's 6th birthday, she was killed in an auto accident, literally died in our arms in the back of an ambulance. Anyone who has children might think they have some idea of what that feels like, but unless you've been through it yourself, you have no idea whatsoever.    I know people find it hard to believe, but what do you do after a disaster? You bury your child, and then you go back to your life. And I don't remember exactly how long it was after my daughter died that I showed up at Albany Medical Center OR No. 9 to perform my first second-trimester D&E abortion. I wasn't thinking it was anything special; this was routine to me. But I reached in, literally pulled out an arm or a leg, and got sick. You know, earlier on, I described stacking of body parts on the side of the table. It's not to, you know, gross people out, to use a simple term. When you do an abortion, you need to keep inventory. You have to make sure you get two arms and two legs and all the pieces. If you don't, your patient is going to come back infected, bleeding, or dead. So I soldiered on and finished that abortion. And I know it sounds, as I said, hard for people to believe, but I'm telling you straight up my experience. You know, after over 1,200 abortions, first and second trimester up to 24 weeks, and all the rest of it and being very dedicated to it, for the first time in my life I really looked, I really looked at that pile of body parts on the side of the table. And I didn't see her wonderful right to choose, and I didn't see all the money I just made. All I could see was somebody's son or daughter. And I stopped doing late-term abortions after that and, several months later, stopped doing all abortions.    Dr. Levatino. Every abortion involves the destruction of human life. I get frustrated sometimes with the, ``Well, it's not a baby; it's a fetus.'' I think we mostly got beyond the old blob of cells argument. You know what that is? That's your son. That's your daughter. Every abortion results in a dead son or daughter.    I think it's absolutely gruesome. And I thought the example you just gave a minute ago is perfect. If I abused a dog in my town, I'd be arrested. If I did abortions again, first trimester, second trimester, I would be a hero to so many people. It's absurd.    Dr. Levatino. No, ma'am, I am not. The reason I brought that video forward, however----    Dr. Levatino. Go ahead, ma'am.    Dr. Levatino. That is not a Planned Parenthood video.    Dr. Levatino. He does. He has an ethical duty to provide care, whether it's lifesaving or palliative.    Dr. Levatino. I can't speak specifically from experience regarding Planned Parenthood in that regard. The reason I introduced the video was because Planned Parenthood has stated, and we understand that they do, perform late-term abortions. It has been stated, I believe by Ms. Richards, that they perform late-term abortions, ``up to viability,'' but that was never defined. So if you are going to be talking about late-term abortions in terms of Planned Parenthood, you need to know what the techniques are. That's why I introduced the testimony that I did.    Dr. Levatino. With all respect to Ms. Fredrickson, her assertion and backing it up with statements from other people that it is ``ludicrous,'' were her words, that other providers could adequately take on Planned Parenthood patients is--the statement itself is ludicrous.    It's interesting, if you want to learn about low-income women and health care, you should come to southern New Mexico, where I've worked for over 13 years. This map, the Planned Parenthood facilities in New Mexico are in Albuquerque, Santa Fe, and Farmington, the three richest areas in the State. There isn't a single Planned Parenthood south of Bernalillo County in New Mexico, and there hasn't been for over a decade, the very area that I worked.    Dona Ana County, where I work, is one of the poorest counties in the country. And if you want to understand about indigent care, then come to Dona Ana County, please.    Ms. Richardson has talked specifically about the health care that Planned Parenthood provides, specifically, family planning counseling and contraception, pregnancy test, Pap smears, and breast exams--and oh, STD testing, which she did not mention in her testimony but was in her written testimony. Those are the services they provide. Let me tell you something, the poor people in my area get contraceptive counseling, Pap smears, breast exams, and truly comprehensive health care from our healthcare clinics.    You've heard--this Committee has heard, I know, that there are over 13,000 healthcare clinics across the country. Look at my map again. This is covering in New Mexico in terms of those very same health clinics. And unlike Planned Parenthood, they are not a 9-to-5 business, Monday through Friday. They are there 24 hours a day to serve their women. And their women get taken care of not only if they need just Pap smears or breast exams; they get taken care of if they have a headache or nausea or a stroke or a heart attack or all the other things that happen. That's what we call comprehensive health care, and that's what is available at these clinics.    Five hundred million dollars. As a doctor, I would give you my opinion that $500 million poured into Planned Parenthood would be far better served--those women across the country would be far better served if that money was put into community health centers where women could get truly comprehensive care, not just Pap smears and breast exams.    Dr. Levatino. Because, Congressman, it was the loss of my own adopted daughter that made me look very seriously at what I was doing with abortions.    Dr. Levatino. The video that was shown was not shot at Planned Parenthood but may be relevant to procedures Planned Parenthood performed.    Dr. Levatino. The video was not shot at Planned Parenthood.    Dr. Levatino. Yes, sir.    Dr. Levatino. When I was a resident.    Dr. Levatino. Not in private practice, no.    Dr. Levatino. Sorry, sir?    Dr. Levatino. I do not.    Dr. Levatino. If I were a Congressman, sir, I would support such a law.    Dr. Levatino. Not ban. Allow.    Dr. Levatino. If a woman is pregnant by incest or rape, her child is innocent, all the same. Morally, I have a great problem with that. Politically, I would vote for such a law.    Dr. Levatino. I have no idea what contributions Planned Parenthood makes.    Dr. Levatino. In what way, sir?    Dr. Levatino. It's hard to answer the question without knowing in what context you're asking it.    Dr. Levatino. I have no idea.    Dr. Levatino. Yes, sir.    Dr. Levatino. I do not have such evidence.    Dr. Levatino. Correct.