    Mr. Fennessy. Thank you. Good morning, Chairman Barletta, Ranking Member Carson, and members of the subcommittee.    I am Brian Fennessy, assistant fire chief of emergency operations of the San Diego Fire-Rescue Department. Today, I am testifying on behalf of the International Association of Fire Chiefs, where I serve on their Wildland Fire Policy Committee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss FEMA's role in helping communities respond to and recover from wildland fires.    In 2013, wildland fires impacted every State in the Nation. There were more than 47,500 wildland fires in the United States. They burned roughly 4.3 million acres. These fires cost the Federal Government over $1.7 billion to extinguish.    Local fire departments respond to most wildland fire incident. For fires on Federal lands, they cooperate with the U.S. Department of Interior and the U.S. Department of Agriculture's U.S. Forest Service. Nearly 97 percent of all wildland fires are extinguished during initial attack, a majority of them by local fire departments. The U.S. Forest Service estimates that local fire departments provide more than $36 billion per year in wildland fire suppression assistance.    The city and county of San Diego are no strangers to the threat of wildland fire. In 2003, 2007, and again in 2014, San Diego experienced fire sieges that resulted in hundreds of thousands of acres being burned, thousands of structures being destroyed, and tens of millions of dollars in damage.    The primary Federal agencies for wildland fire response are the Department of Interior and the U.S. Forest Service, which are responsible for fires on Federal lands. However, FEMA plays an important role in helping State and local agencies prepare, respond to, and recover from wildland fires on non-Federal land. Under FEMA's Fire Management Assistance Grant, FMAG, FEMA provides assistance in the form of 75 percent matching funds to help offset the cost to communities for the control of any fire on public or private forest land or grassland that threatens such destruction as would constitute a major disaster.    FEMA also provides hazard mitigation assistance through the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program. This funding can help States and local communities protect the public and property in advance of wildland fires occurring. Today, FEMA plays an important role in helping States and local communities address the threat of wildland fires. It does not duplicate nor replace wildland fire suppressions of the Department of Interior or U.S. Forest Service. However, we would like to recommend some policy changes to help FEMA play an even more beneficial role in the fight against wildland fires.    Number one, in a dynamic wildland fire environment, FEMA must use more flexibility when evaluating FMAG applications. FMAG applications must be submitted while a wildland fire is burning uncontrolled in a rapidly changing environment.    Last May, the city of San Diego submitted an FMAG application 6 hours into an uncontrolled wildland fire incident that met FMAG program criteria. The application was rejected due to it being submitted at a point when the fire's growth had slowed and was perceived by FEMA as less of a threat of a major disaster. Had it been received 2 hours sooner, approval was likely.    In the future, FEMA must take into consideration special circumstances that could compromise the timely submittal of FMAG applications when a threat to the community continues to exist. To do otherwise may unfairly burden local and State taxpayers.    Number two, Congress should allow FEMA funding to be used to mitigate the risks of post-wildland fire flooding. Long after a wildland fire is extinguished, the destruction of vegetation and the severity of the burned ground leaves communities vulnerable to the threat of mudslides and flash flooding. The IAFC has supported previous legislation that would allow States to receive post-fire mitigation assistance along with FMAG grants.    Three, FEMA should fully reimburse fire departments for interstate mutual aid deployments. When fire departments are deployed on intrastate or interstate mutual aid missions to wildland fires, they expect to be made whole. Unfortunately, this currently is not the case. For example, when a local fire department apparatus is committed to an emergency incident it is no longer available to that department. FEMA will only reimburse the department for 16 hours of that 24-hour day for this equipment after the first 48 hours. If fire departments are not fully reimbursed for their expenses, local government policymakers may not be as willing to send them to assist other communities in future situations.    Number four, Congress should stabilize funding for wildland fire prevention and suppression. In recent years, Federal fire agencies have seen wildland fire suppression costs exceed their budgets. The Department of Interior and U.S. Forest Service have been forced to transfer funding from other accounts to continue fighting wildland fires. This fire borrowing has depleted accounts aimed at activities like reducing hazardous fuels and prevent wildfires.    The IAFC supports Congress' efforts to address the wildland fire problem through the creation of the FLAME Fund and the National Cohesive Wildland Fire Management Strategy. We also have been supportive of legislation like H.R. 167, proposed by Representatives Simpson and Schrader, which would allocate the cost of suppressing the largest 1 percent of the Nation's wildland fires to the Disaster Relief Fund. Efforts to adequately cover the cost of Federal wildland suppression will allow the Department of Interior and U.S. Forest Service to also fund other programs designed to prevent future wildland fires.    In closing, I thank the committee for the opportunity to address the issue of FEMA's support of local and State governments and wildland fire response and recovery. The threat of wildland fire continues to grow more severe. FEMA plays an important role in helping communities prepare, respond to, and recover from that threat.    The IAFC looks forward to working with the committee to address these issues. I look forward to answering any questions that you may have.    Mr. Fennessy. FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program has been hugely successful within the State of California. It allows agencies and the community to fund defensible space, the creation of defensible space, that allows us as firefighters to go in and protect those homes, and when we are not in front of their homes allows fires to pass those homes without doing any damage or very little damage. It also allows communities to invest in noncombustible building materials.    What we have experienced--and not just in California, you see it all over the western U.S.--is that, whether it be new construction and the building codes dictating certain types of materials, that is all well and good for the new construction or those communities that maybe have suffered through a fire and have been rebuilt, it is the existing nonconforming structures and the owners that we really have the challenges with and really urging them to get involved in some of these grant opportunities and allow us to protect them in a better way. But certainly FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program has been a huge success.    Mr. Fennessy. Sure. That program has been hugely beneficial, not only for large fire departments, but certainly the smaller and volunteer fire departments, not only by way of creating grant opportunities for fire equipment, but also training. The Assistance to Firefighters Grant, the Fire Act grant has benefitted not only our agencies, but our agencies all over this country in providing a wealth of equipment that we would not be able to afford on our own.    The SAFER Grant, which is a staffing grant that is also an Assistance to Firefighters Grants, has provided staffing, much-needed staffing for large and small departments. So that program has been hugely beneficial, and just in California alone there are a number of training programs that would not have been possible had that grant funding not been available. So we appreciate the opportunity for those grants.    Mr. Fennessy. Certainly, the International Association of Fire Chiefs stands ready to assist and participate.