    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Chairman Katko and Ranking Member Rice, for holding today's hearing. Also, I welcome the administrator and the Inspector General for their appearance also.    Throughout this Congress, this committee has voiced its concern with the state of security within the commercial aviation sector. Over the span of recent years, both Inspector General and the Government Accountability Office, have compiled numerous reports that detail mismanagement, inefficiencies, and vulnerabilities within TSA. These reports range from vulnerabilities associated with granting expedited screening via the use of Secure Flight and Managed Inclusion, to vulnerabilities associated with access to secure areas of airports, and the tracking of maintenance for security-related technologies within airports.    Most recently, the Inspector General released a report Covert Testing of TSA's Passenger Screening Technologies and Processes at Airport Security Checkpoints. Details of this Classified report were leaked this summer and the Inspector General has given a briefing on the final report to this subcommittee. While I look forward to hearing the status of solutions that TSA and DHS are implementing to ensure that any security gaps associated with checkpoint screening and technologies are secure, our main concern is that TSA will continue to purchase more technologies that address the threats of yesterday instead of the threats of tomorrow.    Consequently, the Transportation Security Administration Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, a bill that recently passed the committee, includes language that aims to aid in the development and innovative security technologies through a program that would create public and private-sector partnerships to help businesses, particularly small businesses, to commercialize these innovative technologies. While that amendment is designed to improve the technologies TSA uses, I still have concerns about some of TSA's other screening programs the Inspector General has found ineffective.    For example, the Inspector General has found that TSA's behavioral detection program commonly referred to as SPOT is a magnet for racial profiling, and TSA has little evidence that the program is an effective tool for screening passengers. We know that terrorists span all races, in all ethnicities, and have a profiling mechanism as a means of security is skeptical. Once again, I ask the administrator to review its efficiency of the behavioral detection program.    While the administrator appeared before the committee on July 1, I, along with many of my colleagues across the aisle, stated that we would give him appropriate time to address some of these glaring concerns at TSA. So Mr. Administrator, we are glad to have you. I would assume the honeymoon is about over, and we can move forward. So I look forward to your testimony and I yield back.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Administrator Neffenger, one of the real challenges I alluded to in my opening statement went toward the fact that we buy technology in the form of equipment for vulnerabilities that they can't detect. How are you going to close that gap between known vulnerabilities and acquiring equipment and technologies that won't detect it?    Mr. Thompson. Well, and not for a response, if we keep buying current equipment that can't identify those known vulnerabilities, we are not where we need to be, and I think this robust competition is healthy because when you only have three major players in the area, you know, that is a lot. So I look forward to your leadership to incentivize other competition. I think that is important. We put it in the legislation, and I hope that authority gets us where we need to be.    A couple of other things. You talked about the checkpoints. You know, TSOs are special to a lot of the traveling public. Most of the time, that is all people see are those men and women at the checkpoints. I would like to make sure that those men and women are being encouraged to be the best that they can be, and not penalized. Now, I heard something yesterday and I just need a yes or no answer. Are the medical guidelines for TSOs and all other employees for TSA the same?    Mr. Thompson. I want you to check that out.    Mr. Thompson. Because I am told that, like, people who are TSOs who might have asthma get discharged by having asthma, or high blood pressure, diabetes, whatever; but that people in management somehow don't. Actually, I have the information, but that is a problem from my vantage point because if you have a different--just look at that.    Mr. Thompson. In health. I have got some other questions that I will submit, Mr. Chairman, for the record to get it. But I would also like unanimous consent to provide for the record that there have been 165 TSOs who have been terminated for disqualifying medical conditions--and cancer. I mean, you know, how can you terminate somebody because they have cancer? I mean, that is, you know, what I am saying? So I don't want us to be a scrooge. I want us to treat people humanely, and I would like to include that into the record.