    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank all the witnesses as well. We are delving into something. And I do think, regardless if there is some disagreement, we all do agree no one wants to see the system gamed. As Mr. Lance said, you know, he will throw somebody out of the office if they walk in to explicitly game the system.    But a couple other questions, I may delve into that a little bit, but my question, Mr. Gomez, the electronic verification system that--Oklahoma uses that as I understand?    Mr. Collins. Give me an idea of what Oklahoma would consider the return on that investment, was an investment to get into that.    Mr. Collins. That is what I expected. And I guess I would just point out for anyone who is a little bit worried that whether the Federal Government piece is 75/25 or 50/50, I know if I am running a State and the return is 5 to 1, I don't even need the Federal Government to pay any of it. There is smart, and there is stupid. So while we would all like to see perhaps if you are in the state the Federal Government paying 75 percent, I don't know too many things in life that are 5 to 1. So, Mr. Gomez, I appreciate that.    Now, we talked a little bit about annuities. I think Mr. Sarbanes made it sound like if there is an annuity, half of that annuity goes to the community spouse, and half goes to the institutional spouse. But isn't it true that in gaming the system, the annuity can give 100 percent to the community spouse?    Mr. Collins. Right. And that is a big difference. So it isn't like they are buying this annuity and giving half the money to the institutionalized spouse. In fact, the whole way of gaming the system is buying an annuity where none of it goes to the institutional spouse. The community spouse gets all of the benefit going forward, and it doesn't count. I mean, that is how you game the system. So I just wanted to be clear. It was left kind of hanging there that in the annuity, half of that would be going to the institutionalized spouse, and that is not the case.    In your written testimony, Mr. Gomez, you also mentioned promissory notes. You didn't really cover that. And I think we know what annuities are, and it is certainly clear how that could be gamed. Can you maybe in just a very short time, is there also an issue on promissory notes?    Mr. Collins. So I guess it just goes back, there is creativity in the financial world as we saw with derivatives. That didn't go so well. But there are hedge funds out there. The minute smart people get together and say how are we going to game the system--whether it is on taxes or, in this case, on impoverishing yourself--there is a lot of folks that make a lot of money coming up with the next financial product to get past the law. And I guess the real issue here is the fact that Congress plays a role. Is that really what the courts ruled? It was almost like saying: We know this is wrong, but if Congress doesn't act, there is nothing we can do.    Mr. Collins. And I guess, the other thing that came out in the hearing, one of the things about going almost last is you get to hear the other testimony, is some thought, frankly, by the other side that parents aren't responsible for their kids. Oh, my God, the parent won the lottery; the kid might not be on Medicaid. I think it is the fundamental responsibility of parents in the United States to take care of their kids. If they have got money and wealth, their kids shouldn't be on Medicaid. And if there is a way, because somebody has won the lottery literally, their kids shouldn't be on Medicaid. We shouldn't apologize for the fact the family is wealthy now; the kids aren't going to be on Medicaid. That is what parents do. They take care of their kids.    So, again, back to this piece, and we have nuanced the issue of spreading it out over 1 month. But it isn't like you count it, if they win $100,000, that $100,000 doesn't count every month for the next 20 years to disqualify the child. It counts now for 1 month. But if you won a few thousands dollars, a state could decide how to implement this. And if they did spread it over time, it might be $100 dollars a month, and that is not going to disqualify the child anyway. There was some insinuation that this one-time winning of, $20 million is $20 million, but $20,000 would then disqualify this child from Medicaid for the rest of their life. But if you took $20,000 and you then spread it over 20 years, that is $1000 a year. Then you spread that over 12 months, you are talking about $90 a month. That is not going to disqualify a child from Medicaid, is it, Ms. Riley?    Mr. Collins. Sure. And if it is $20 million, the kid shouldn't be on Medicaid. We do have to be careful in our wording. But in this case, as far as I know, it would go back to the states to decide how to implement it. States are not in the business of hurting their own citizens and certainly not hurting children. At some point, at the Federal level, we just need to trust the judgments of our elected is officials in the 50 states and our territories to do what is right by their folks and not try to nuance this in a way that, quite frankly, is disingenuous.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.