    Mr. Lynch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Grim, for your willingness to help the committee with its work.    Sometimes, this committee can be like a conveyor belt where we have a new issue every 7 seconds and we are on to the next rule or the next topic. I see in your remarks, your extended written remarks, you talk about the money market funds rule that we adopted back in July of 2014, where we allowed the NAV to float. There was a lot of debate here of what the impact of that might be.    Now, I realize with that type of rule, it is sort of like you are trying to test the seaworthiness of a ship and it is not necessarily easy to do when things are calm. But do you have any data for us or any experience, complaints, progress reports, lack of progress reports from the adoption of that rule on how that might be going?    Mr. Grim. You correctly point out that one of the parts of the money market fund rule that the Commission adopted last year was the floating NAV provision which applies to a particular type of money market fund, institutional prime funds. And those rules were adopted by the Commission after--    Mr. Lynch. Right. There were a lot of concerns raised from--I have some big asset managers in my district, Fidelity among them. They do a great job. But there were some concerns raised by them. And I am just interested in hearing how things are going.    Mr. Grim. Subsequent to passing the rule, the Commission staff has put together a team, a sort of money market fund implementation team to monitor for just these kind of things that you are asking about. A number of fund complexes have announced changes to their lineups in response to the rules. Some will do the floating NAV funds. Some are not going to do the floating NAV funds.    So there is a lot of work going on implementation-wise within the industry. I think that the compliance date isn't until October of 2016. So we are still a little way from knowing exactly how it is all going to shake out. But we are monitoring it. A lot of work being done to implement the rule.    Mr. Lynch. So is it too early to tell? Is that what you are saying?    Mr. Grim. I think that is fair to say.    Mr. Lynch. Okay. That is a fair answer.    I wanted to ask you about the explosion in the number of funds that are out there. It has gone from I think $94 billion in 1979 to something like $17 trillion now. These mutual funds and ETFs are a wonderful way for working people to prepare for their retirement and they can be a real blessing if they are run properly.    While the number of funds and the amount of assets has exploded, the number of inspectors and folks on your side who monitor these funds has actually shrunk. I think it is down to one inspector for every, I don't know, $5 trillion dollars or something like that. It is a ridiculous number. And I am just wondering about your ability at the SEC, within your department, within your Division, to do the job that you are required to do. Can you talk about that a little bit?    Mr. Grim. On the investment adviser exam question, the first thing I would say is that just about all of the examiners at the SEC who examine investment advisers are actually in our examination unit, which is not part of Investment Management. Investment Management does have a small exam unit which is set up a little bit differently which I can talk about in a minute.    But I think--look, as the Chair has been very clear about, our ability to examine advisers in a frequent enough way is a huge--    Mr. Lynch. Right now, if I am not mistaken, it is once every 10 years. That is because you only have so many people to conduct the exams. Is that right?    Mr. Grim. It is 10 percent of advisers per year. There are different ways to measure it of course. One, it is about a third of the assets in the industry that we get to every year. But regardless of what the numbers are, the bottom line is that it is a challenge for us. This is an issue that has been on our minds for a long time.    Mr. Lynch. So we need more people. Is that right?    Mr. Grim. That is part of what the Chair asked for in her most recent budget request. But there are other things that we are considering. After Dodd-Frank, there was a study that was required of the investment adviser exam issue, the SEC staff study, it was reported to Congress, and it had three potential options: user fees paid for by investment advisers; an SRO for investment advisers; and FINRA having sort of exam authority over dual registrants, broker-dealer investment advisers.    That study was turned in. The conversation has continued. Chair White more recently has talked about the concept of third-party compliance exams as another potential way to create more touches on investment advisers. She has asked--    Mr. Lynch. My time has expired. I thank the gentleman. I yield back.