    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Madam Chair.    And thank you all for coming and sharing a--back when it--course, my kids say I am old-fashioned--back in my day we didn't talk about things like this, other than--I will tell you this: Growing up, if I ever did anything to harm another--a woman, I had to answer to my father. And it was--even my little sister. She could hit me and I couldn't hit her back, and that is the way I was taught.    I have three grown daughters, and, course, full disclosure, my--I have a son and he attended Wake Forest University, and we were on the parents' council there. And I will tell you this: They showed a film there to the parents' council that they show every freshman at Wake Forest College about the problems with alcohol.    That was the scariest thing I have ever seen in my life. And I tell you, any freshman that saw that obviously was prepared to know the consequences at least of misbehavior.    Having three grown daughters, you know, I understand--I mean, you--when your kids go off to college, I mean, you just pray they will live through the experience, you know, because it is just--you know, I mean, they are free to do things that--and it--course, I went to college so I remember things I did I shouldn't have done.    But anyway, let me just say this, that would it be appropriate--like I said, I knew the consequences of my actions. Could colleges and universities--and I know it is very difficult to get in Wake Forest, for example. I mean, it is--my son thought it was a great honor to attend that university.    But, I mean, can you read the riot act to these young men and just say, ``You know, these are things that if you do you won't be here next semester''?    Dr. Rue, would you--I mean, is that--I mean, looks like to me that this is a--the universities should set the pace on this and say, ``There are just some things we are not going to put up with here--put up here--put up with here at Wake Forest.'' Can you comment on that?    Mr. Allen. Right.    Ms. Rue.--we really--    Mr. Allen. Bulletproofs is what we call them.    Mr. Allen. So I was not--when my daughters would date young men I would have them in, I would put the fear of God into them. That was the wrong idea?    Mr. Allen. Well, obviously, you know, we were very fortunate, but I have eight grandchildren and three on the way, and six of them are little girls. And I have got a 14-year-old, and of course, she is entering high school now, so I have had my little talk with her and--but, yes, it seems to me that in so many cases that young men just don't know exactly right from wrong. I mean, they have been in--raised in an environment where they just don't have a value system, and then they commit a horrible thing and it is like, ``What have I done here?'' They really don't know until the consequences are forced on them.    So I would please just let, you know, your freshman class know--I know that alcohol--you know, they showed us a film in high school, the state patrol did, about driving, you know, and--of course, we didn't have texting back then or phones back then--but basically not paying attention, and the consequences of that. And, you know, that stuff, it does register.    And at least, you know, someone will know, ``Well, gosh, I didn't know there was anything wrong with this. I mean, you know, this--these are modern times,'' or whatever.    But anyway, anything else that, Ms. Maatz or Mr. Cohn, you would like to comment on how we--you gotta--we gotta stop it.    Mr. Allen. How do we stop this?    Mr. Allen. Save that comment--