    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Gentlemen, I appreciate you being here today.    Governor McCrory, I want to visit with you a little bit. Your State took on a pretty big change in your transportation project selection process. What prompted you to do that? Talk about that a little bit.    Governor McCrory. Well, we were making a lot of decisions on our roadbuilding based upon politics. And as you went down, we did not have the interconnectivity that we should have had. You would go down from the East to the West, North to the South, and we would have highways going from two lanes to four lanes back to two lanes back to eight lanes. And it made no rhyme or reason on why the roads were wide in one area and very narrow in others. And we also saw that it was not an efficient use of limited tax dollars.    So in a bipartisan agreement, Republicans and Democrats both agreed to change that formula. In fact, my good friend, Mr. Rouzer, helped support that when he was in the State legislature. We now base our formula on how we spend money on congestion, on economic opportunity, and on safety, the three major criteria of how we decide to spend the money.    And instead of just looking at project by project, we are now looking at, in our bond referendum, which I hope to bring to the voters of North Carolina, a connectivity plan--for example, from Asheville down to the coast of Wilmington near your district. And that is, we look for the choke points in that 6-hour drive and we unleash the choke points, which does not mean every county between those choke points is going to have a project.    But if we unleash the two or three major choke points, it benefits every county between Asheville and Wilmington, North Carolina. And then we have good commerce among counties, just like I ask for the same interconnectivity on I-95 or I-40 or I-85 or I-77 or I-26, which are all intersecting in our State, which are important for the commerce not only within our State but between States.    I see the congressman from South Carolina. We need connectivity between Myrtle Beach and Wilmington. It is a very important corridor.    Mr. Crawford. Safe to say that it has been pretty well received by the general public on that transparency and the streamlining the process, taking the politics out?    Governor McCrory. Absolutely. And I think where I keep bringing up Eisenhower, for each of you, too, is I think as we look for more funding, Mr. Chairman, we need to also show the vision of where we plan to have this interconnectivity from a national perspective, from a regional perspective, from a State perspective, and even, yes, to a local perspective.    If we show that, where we are planning to spend that money, and show that we do have a plan and a vision for the next generation and the generation after that, I think people are willing to pay for it. But if we do not have their trust and spend the money as we have always spent it, I do not think we are going to get the trust of the people to increase the amount of funding for transportation.    And my first step is to gain the trust of the public, to show them this is how we are making the decisions and this is the vision for the next 25 to 50 years. I think we have to do that at all levels of Government. I did it as a mayor with regards to mass transit; I showed them our 25-year plan. But without showing the plan, I do not think we would have ever received the support of the voters.    Mr. Crawford. Thank you, Governor. Appreciate it, gentlemen. I yield back.