    Mr. Lilley. Betrayed, that is exactly how the homeless veterans in Los Angeles feel when the VA leases property to private businesses, yet they remain homeless. This can not be the way our government fights for our homeless veterans and ultimately ends veterans' homelessness.    Good afternoon, Chairman Coffman, Ranking Member Kuster, and members of the committee. On behalf of our national commander, Mike Helm, and the 2.4 million members of the American Legion, I want to say thank you for the scrutiny you are applying to the mismanagement of VA's land-use agreements, specifically the issues currently being faced by the homeless veterans in the Los Angeles area.    When the 387 acres of land was donated in 1888 to the Federal Government, it was to be, quote, ``Permanently maintained as a national home for disabled vet volunteer soldiers.'' The West L.A. campus did just that until VA began closing its doors to them and allowed the private sector to lease land and buildings. The American Legion first took action in 1983, when we passed a resolution urging no part of the West L.A. VA facility be sold or otherwise transferred by the United States Government or any agency thereof.    In the 1990s, when private developers wanted to purchase the West L.A. VA and build another Century City shopping center, the American Legion reiterated our position and passed another resolution affirming that real property located at the West L.A. VA Medical Center, and elsewhere where such facilities are provided, shall be maintained to obtain the greatest benefit for care and well-being of the sick, disabled veteran population.    VA has since leased ground to private companies, yet never fully disclosed the terms of the leases or how it spends the proceeds. In their latest report on land-use agreements, GAO added that West L.A. has used a 12-acre field, Barrington Park, on VA property for recreational use without a written agreement. Meanwhile, homeless veterans sleep on skid row sidewalks, while students at one of the most exclusive schools in the country play sports on land donated specifically to permanently house former servicemembers. Not only has the land donated in 1888 been utilized for recreational use since the 1980s without a signed agreement or payments to the VA, but according to the GAO, the VA has failed to maintain reliable data on the total number of land-use agreements nor accurately estimated the revenues those agreements generated.    Currently, the American Legion supports a publicly transparent, enhanced use lease program, and believes strongly that the leasing agreements must conform to priority services that meet the needs of the veterans community. The American Legion was relieved to hear about the recent agreement between the Department of Veterans Affairs and the attorneys representing homeless veterans to turn its West Los Angeles VA campus into a facility that truly serves veterans, especially those who are homeless, severely disabled or elderly.    We have grimaced for many years over the irony of a once-thriving veterans campus surrounded by the largest population of homeless veterans in America. We were also pleased about the short timelines agreed to for developing a written plan to help end veteran homelessness in greater Los Angeles, and to develop a new long-term Master Plan for the future use of the West Los Angeles campus. The American Legion expects to be actively involved in providing inputs into the Master Plan, and will continue monitoring West L.A. to ensure the correct changes are being made. Ultimately, we want VA to make good on their promise to functionally eliminate veterans' homelessness, but this will not be possible as long as the largest population of homeless veterans in America is not addressed.    The American Legion thanks the committee for their close attention to the problems veterans face, among them, homelessness. We want you to know that we remain deeply committee to ensuring that the scourge of veteran homeless has ended.    Mr. Lilley. As long as we could be included on that audit copy, we would appreciate that as well. We want to follow up, we are here to help and we want to make sure those veterans are taken care of.    Mr. Lilley. The American Legion we last visited there in October, and we were conducting a veterans benefit center out there. This was something that we have been doing around the country in response to the crisis that broke out last year within the VA.    I don't know that appointment scheduling was necessarily the biggest issue there, we were out there following the homeless issue. We were able to help 200 veterans, most of which were homeless veterans that were in transition while we were out in Los Angeles.    Mr. Lilley. That is correct, we support the agreements. Currently, that is per resolution that we passed at our last national convention provided the benefit is going to the veterans.    Mr. Lilley. I would say it would go beyond Secretary Shinseki, this has been going on and we have been involved with this for more than 30 years. We are happy that the VA has finally settled, but we are going to be on top of this and want to make sure the settlement is going to include a very, very, very specific plan that is going to get veterans' homelessness ended.    So we are here to help. This should be an all-hands-on-deck approach. You've got to go beyond what the VA programs have, use the community, use the VSOs. You have to get everybody involved; it is a community problem.