    Dr. Hsu. Chairman Weber, Ranking Member Grayson, Members of the Committee, thank you for your opening remarks, and also thank you very much for the opportunity to testify. I thank the Committee for its longstanding support of fusion energy and plasma physics research in this country.    I have been asked to describe the status of DOE support for innovative fusion energy concept development and to provide recommendations. I am pleased that the committee is considering these topics.    I also ask that my written testimony be entered into the record.    Dr. Hsu. My name is Scott Hsu. I was trained in plasma physics at the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, and I am now a fusion research scientist at Los Alamos National Laboratory. As you know, Los Alamos had its storied beginnings in the Manhattan Project during World War II. Today, Los Alamos is focused on national security science, which includes our nation's energy security. In controlled fusion research, Los Alamos historically focused on many non-tokamak approaches, and thus, it is perhaps fitting that I appear before you today to discuss innovative fusion energy concept development.    The first point is that there are many credible approaches to fusion energy other than our two leading approaches, which are the tokamak such as ITER and inertial confinement fusion such as the National Ignition Facility. You may refer to figure 1 on my written testimony.    Many in the fusion community refer to the other approaches collectively as alternative or innovative concepts. These are specifically what I am discussing here today.    The main reason many of us are motivated to pursue innovative approaches is that they hold the potential for a smaller fusion reactor with less engineering complexity. Some of them could potentially cost much less to develop in a shorter time, perhaps in time to penetrate midcentury electricity generation markets. But these concepts are less mature, and more research is needed to tell us whether their performance can be improved to the point of enabling a power reactor.    The second point is that lowering the cost of fusion energy development is itself a worthwhile goal. The reason is that the stages of development of our mainline fusion programs are very costly, too costly for private investors and companies to play a significant role.    One potential way to lower the cost of fusion energy development is to strategically pursue a number of the most promising innovative fusion concepts that are inherently much lower cost than the tokamak. If federal support reduces early-stage risk for promising lower-cost innovative fusion energy concepts, then more companies such as Tri Alpha Energy or General Fusion may step into pursue fusion energy development.    The third point is that present DOE support of innovative fusion concept development is unhealthy with no new federal funding opportunities. As recently as 2010, DOE provided approximately $42 million per year to support innovative concept development. Today, the only such support is in the recently initiated ARPA-E ALPHA program, which is $30 million over three years, and is focused on a particular class of fusion approaches called magneto-inertial fusion due to its inherently low cost. This was also referred to as magnetized target fusion. You may refer to figure 2 of my written testimony.    So let me close with three primary recommendations. First, Congress and DOE should reassess innovative fusion energy concept development, which should be pursued in addition to our present fusion energy program elements, which Dr. Prager described very eloquently. DOE should consider implementing a new energy-oriented innovative concepts program with appropriate metrics to encourage lower cost and timely development of economically competitive fusion power. Progress is possible for a modest fraction of the overall fusion budget.    Secondly, any new program should enable and promote advances with regard to both the plasma physics challenges and the criteria for a practical fusion power reactor.    Finally, a federal funding bridge should exist for the entire innovative concepts development path from early-stage research to a logical handoff to private development. And this is depicted in figure 3 of my written testimony.    Thank you again for the opportunity to testify. I'm happy to take questions.    Dr. Hsu. Absolutely, yes. I should also add that for smaller projects such as Innovative Concepts, the resources generally are tough to come by to make use of our computational capabilities. So any assistance on that front would be tremendously useful for innovative concept development. Also in the inertial fusion side, access to some of the codes can be difficult for people not at the national labs, so----    Dr. Hsu. --making codes more generally available would help fusion energy development.    Dr. Hsu. Yes, that's correct.    Dr. Hsu. Yes.    Dr. Hsu. I think we need to pursue many avenues at this point because we don't know the answer right now. ITER is the most mature--ITER is the most mature method, and I believe that is why we're pursuing and need to pursue it, but we should consider all our known options at this point.    Dr. Hsu. We should look at our other options alongside our maybe--you know, our most mature option.    Dr. Hsu. Yes, I like to say that I think to follow on Dr. Bigot's point about bringing young--bright young people into the field especially, there are things we can do. One of the things that I wrote about, about the excitement out some of the innovative concept work is that because it offers a tantalizing possibility of a faster development path, that that could help with exciting, you know, the new generation of fusion scientists.    The other thing is the advanced computational abilities you spoke about could really help the innovative concept aspect of the program because not as much has been applied to innovative concept research with our latest and best computational capabilities.    Dr. Hsu. Thank you for the question. I do not believe the flexibility current exists--currently exists for alternative concepts. At present, innovative concept development has no budget, nor new proposal solicitations from DOE, and I believe this omission should be addressed.    Dr. Hsu. Yes. I agree with those findings and the original rationale for standing up the HEDLP program. NIF is indeed meant--its primary mission is indeed stockpile stewardship, but as you say, it's an impressive and world-class facility that we've invested in. I believe there are opportunities on it. The three lab directors--Los Alamos, Livermore, Sandia--have stated that fusion is a critical need for stockpile stewardship and that the United States must be the first to achieve laboratory fusion.    I believe that over its lifetime NIF should explore, if the physics warrant, all the laser-based approaches. That includes direct laser drive, indirect x-ray drive, as well as magnetized approaches.    Dr. Hsu. Yes, I think drawing on your weapons analogy, I mean, we--like Dr. Prager said, we have come a very long way. We're almost to the point of detonating that first weapon. And I myself am interested in further work of miniaturizing it. That's the analogy. But we've--I think the main point is that it's a hard problem. We've come a long way. We're almost there to demonstrating it and to put the extra plug in that there are other ways we should be looking at that have the potential of not needing such a huge facility, but we need to do that work to know the answer.    Dr. Hsu. I agree with all that. I want to add a couple things, though. One is I think for a true fusion crash program you'd want to consider what the integrated reactor is going to look like at the end. I mean, to build the capabilities and the scientific understandings, you can study those things on separate facilities, as was mentioned, but ultimately, a fusion power plant has to tie everything together, and you would want to consider that earlier in the process. So the integration is important.    And secondly, you want to consider the criteria for a practical power plant. Just because you can build it doesn't mean that everyone is going to use it. It has to be practical and usable and competitive. So thank you very much.