    Chairman Huizenga. The Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade will come to order. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess of the subcommittee at any time.    Today's hearing is entitled, ``The Future of the Multilateral Development Banks.''    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes to give an opening statement, which I hope not does not consume all 5 minutes. But I first want to thank our witnesses today very much for your patience.    I know that we gave you notice late yesterday about moving the time of the start of this hearing from 9:00 a.m. till 10:30 a.m., so the ranking member, as well, thanks you for your understanding. She asked how the family was doing this morning. We are healing. So, hopefully, we will be able to get some good progress.    But that is not why we are here today. We are here today because of multilateral development banks (MDBs). And the origins of those MDBs lie within the creation of the World Bank at Bretton Woods in 1944. Its initial purpose as the International Bank of Reconstruction and Development was the reconstruction of war-torn countries after World War II.    Today, the MDBs include not only the World Bank, and its other lending arms, the IBRD and the International Development Association, IDA. But it also includes four regional banks: the African Development Bank; the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development; the Inter-American Development Bank; and the Asian Development Bank. Their core mission is to provide financial assistance such as loans and grants to developing countries to promote economic and social development.    MDBs were created by their member countries, which provide capital to sustain MDB operations. Member countries are awarded shares in MDBs proportionate to the amount of capital they provide. Because member nations provide the MDBs with a large capital base, MDBs have a AAA credit rating, which allows them to borrow at favorable rates from private lenders.    The United States is a member of each of these institutions, therefore Congress plays an important role in determining U.S. funding for MDBs, and engaging in the oversight of the Administration's participation in those.    The MDBs have played a key role in the progress in reducing poverty and hunger--we certainly saw that after World War II--while improving global health and women's rights.    The MDB's goal is to draw in member nations' contributions to leverage additional private sector financing. However, MDBs are facing different development challenges than those they previously faced. The number of people around the world living on less than $1.25 a day has been halved since 1990, which, I would think, we would all agree is a very positive thing.    And there have been major strides in expanding access to schooling and medication for poor children around the world. In addition, governments' commitments to fight poverty has noticeably increased, with development assistance from rich countries reaching $134 billion last year, up from $81 billion in 2010.    Today, the MDBs are operating in the world of new challenges and competitors. Many emerging economies have far greater access to capital markets for funding that I will note that capital that many times was locked up, and not available, starting after World War II has loosened up.    And, additionally, a newly ambitious China has spearheaded the creation of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, the AIIB, the development bank, or the BRIC's Bank as it is known, to finance projects in developing countries.    Meanwhile, researchers have developed new tools to help us understand which MDB programs have or do not have an impact. Given this new environment, this hearing will explore how MDBs should adapt.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses today regarding the future of the MDBs, and how their operations and organizational structure have changed, and should continue to change in order to maintain their relevance.    And, with that, I would like to recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. Moore, for her opening statement.    Chairman Huizenga. The gentlelady yields back. We will now hear from our witnesses. And our first witness is Dr. Dean Karlan. He is a professor of economics at Yale University, an affiliate of the Bureau of Research and Economic Analysis of Development, also known as BREAD, and the president and founder of Innovations for Poverty Action.    His research focuses on microeconomic issues for public policies and poverty. Dr. Karlan is the author of the book, ``More Than Good Intentions: Improving the Way the World's Poor Borrow, Save, Farm, Learn and Stay Healthy.''    And with that, I will recognize you for 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Thank you.    Chairman Huizenga. Thank you. The gentleman's time has expired. With that, I would like to welcome Dr. Martin Ravallion, who is the Edmond D. Villani Chair of Economics at Georgetown University. He has also been a director of the World Bank's research department.    He joined the bank in 1988, and from 2007 until 2012, served as the director. And in 2012, he was awarded the John Kenneth Galbraith Prize for the American Agriculture and Applied Economics Association. So, with that, Dr. Ravallion?    Chairman Huizenga. Thank you. With that, we go to Mr. Patrick Chovanec, who is the managing director and chief strategist at Silvercrest Asset Management. He also teaches part-time as an adjunct professor at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs.    But prior to that, he was a practicing associate professor of practice at Tsinghua University's School of Economics and Management in Beijing, where he also served as chairman of the Public Policy Development Committee for the American Chamber of Commerce in China.    And, with that, welcome to you, and you have 5 minutes for your opening statement.    Chairman Huizenga. Thank you. I appreciate that, Mr. Chovanec. And, with that, last but certainly not least, we are welcoming Scott Morris back to the House Financial Services Committee. Previously, he had served as a senior Democratic staff member on Financial Services, where he was responsible for the committee's international policy issues.    He went on to much bigger and better things when he became deputy assistant treasury of development, finance and debt at the U.S. Treasury Department during the first term of the Obama Administration, and he currently is the senior fellow at the Center for Global Development. And he works on issues related to the international financial institutions, and particularly at the relationships between IFIs and the United States.    So, with that, Mr. Morris, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Huizenga. Thank you. I appreciate that, and with that the Chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes of questioning. And Mr. Morris, I will start with you, maybe not so much a question as a comment.    Could you please let our colleagues in the Senate know that we, too, would like to go through with the appropriations process; continuing C.R.s indefinitely does not allow anybody within any body to advance that debate and to figure out what is working and what is not working. So, I will just make a special note of that.    Dr. Ravallion, I would like to ask you about a little bit about MDBs. You were asking, how do we do that? How do we lift those billion people, as you were saying, out of poverty? You talked a little bit about how the lending culture needs to change. And I guess one of my questions is how, specifically? And are the MDBs really prepared to focus in on this?    I am afraid, and, Mr. Chovanec, you might be able to go into this, or Mr. Karlan as well, are they so diffused at this point that we need a refocus? Or is it fine with the various issues that they are sort of dealing with?    So, Dr. Ravallion, I would like to hear from you first.    Chairman Huizenga. So, you might have been leading up to this. You had an article in April 2015 where you wrote, ``A veritable gauntlet of procurement rules, safeguards, and approvals at the World Bank has sort of blocked a lot of that.''    And I think there was a senior official at the World Bank, David Dollar, who had said that an Indian official once told him, ``Mr. Dollar, the combination of your bureaucracy and our bureaucracy is deadly.''    So, how do we cut through that?    Chairman Huizenga. So is it fair to say that many assume that MDBs are fighting poverty, and that is their focus, even though nonconcessional lending to middle-income countries can actually equal or exceed the loans to poor countries?    Chairman Huizenga. You believe that is a proper--    Chairman Huizenga. Okay.    Chairman Huizenga. In my remaining 35 seconds, Mr. Chovanec, we talked a little about the AIIB, and Silk Road, and a number of other initiatives. Is this a threat, is China's involvement a threat? Or is it really just a modern reality of global financing of what is going on, and there are just more people who are out in that space?    Chairman Huizenga. My time has expired. And I will just note that Professor Karlan, I would like to follow up with you in writing, and talk a little bit about your research on the effectiveness of microfinancing, and how much or how little should that be regulated as we are moving forward.    So, thank you.    With that, I now turn to the ranking member for 5 minutes. She wanted to know if I was going to gavel myself. Yes, I was--I am trying to be that evenhanded. I was going to gavel myself. So, with that, the ranking member is recognized.    Chairman Huizenga. Ms. Moore, I gave myself 30 seconds, so keep going.    Chairman Huizenga. The gentlelady's time has just expired. With that, we recognize the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Mulvaney of South Carolina.    Chairman Huizenga. The gentleman yields back. With that, we will recognize Mr. Carney for 5 minutes.    Chairman Huizenga. Thank you for your honesty. I was just trying to give a light gavel. So, with that, I would like to recognize Mr. Pittenger, the gentleman from North Carolina, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Huizenga. The gentleman's time has expired. With that, the gentleman from Michigan, Mr. Kildee, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Huizenga. Thank you. The gentleman yields back. With that, Mrs. Love, from Utah, is recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Huizenga. The gentlelady's time has expired. With that, the Chair recognizes Mr. Schweikert, from Arizona, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Huizenga. The Chair is prepared to move forward, though, with a second round of questioning, and seeing no objection, we have gotten an okay. If the gentleman will yield back.    Chairman Huizenga. What I would like to do is recognize myself for a brief question, and then we can go to you for a second round, if that is okay with our witnesses? I want to make sure everybody is able to make their trains and planes after we have delayed you somewhat today already.    So, I guess, Dr. Karlan, I would like to revisit you, instead of writing to you. I would really like to know a little bit more about your research on the effectiveness of microfinancing, and really how much or how little should microfinancing be regulated, as we are in a very--in an increasingly regulatory mind bent by government.    Chairman Huizenga. Who is the appropriate governing body to be doing that? Should it be the MDBs that are then giving some of these grants?    Chairman Huizenga. Okay.    Chairman Huizenga. But the MDBs do have some involvement with these microfinancing organizations, correct?    Chairman Huizenga. No, I understand it may not be direct loans but their involvement in there, could they not be helping to then set the parameters of disclosure or any other?    Chairman Huizenga. Okay. Would anybody else care to comment on that? All right. With that, I yield back my time and recognize the gentleman from Arizona for his additional question.    Chairman Huizenga. The gentleman yields back. I want to again thank the witnesses for their flexibility today, as we had a few things coming up. And I really appreciate that.    The Chair notes that some Members may have additional questions for this panel, which they may wish to submit in writing. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 5 legislative days for Members to submit written questions to these witnesses and to place their responses in the record. Also, without objection, Members will have 5 legislative days to submit extraneous materials to the Chair for inclusion in the record.    And again, I would like to thank each one of you for joining us today. I think this was very enlightening. It is very helpful, as we are looking at examining the various roles that we play around the world. And with that, the hearing is adjourned.