    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Director, thank you for being here. I'm going to talk about several subjects, see how many of them I can get in in 5 minutes.    I first want to talk about ECPA, the idea that under current law, that if e-mail is stored in the cloud, government doesn't need a warrant to obtain that e-mail. Is that your understanding of the law?    Mr. Poe. Yes, after 180 days.    Mr. Poe. And thanks for your clarification. It's after 180 days. Before 180 days or during 180 days, you got to have a warrant, no matter who you are. FBI policy is, though, you still get a warrant if it's over 180 days?    Mr. Poe. But other government agencies still have the ability to seize that e-mail without a warrant. Law enforcement. I mean, it could be a local law enforcement, the city police, sheriff's department, other law enforcement can seize that e-mail in their jurisdiction because the law doesn't require they get a warrant. I mean, is that your understanding of the law?    Mr. Poe. That's right. So they don't need a warrant. They need some other court document from a magistrate, if so. And I'm sure you're aware that myself and Ms. Zoe Lofgren filed legislation to require any law enforcement agency, any government agency to obtain a warrant if e-mails are over 6 months old stored in a cloud. You aware of that legislation?    Mr. Poe. Okay. Next subject, 702, talk about obtaining backdoor information from different companies such as Google or Yahoo or whoever. Does the act, the FBI request that a backdoor device be put into like a cell phone?    Mr. Poe. Well, where the FBI could obtain the information in the cell phone without a warrant and ask the maker of the phone, for example, to install a device in the phone to obtain that information.    Mr. Poe. My question, though, is does the FBI request--and it may be that you don't--manufacturers to put a device in the phone itself to obtain that backdoor information, to have it available and then a warrant obtained?    Mr. Poe. You don't request that?    Mr. Poe. Okay.    Mr. Poe. Okay. When you say court order, are you talking about a warrant or some other type of court order?    Mr. Poe. I think that, you know, the Fourth Amendment applies to that type of procedure, and you're saying the FBI complies with the law, the Fourth Amendment, on obtaining that information?    Mr. Poe. It's the what of the FBI?    Mr. Poe. I am glad to hear that. Let's talk about the surveillance with the use of drones and fixed-wing aircraft. Specifically, targeted surveillance with the use of a drone, does the FBI obtain a warrant to do that, use of a drone, fixed-wing aircraft or drone, whichever you want to call it.    Mr. Poe. Okay.    Mr. Poe. I understand. I'm not talking about exigent circumstances. I'm just any circumstance, the law doesn't require--or there is no law saying the Fourth Amendment applies to the use of drones. The FAA makes those decisions. Does it not?    Mr. Poe. Do you think the FBI ought to make the rules regarding protection of the Fourth Amendment, or should Congress weigh in on what reasonable expectation of privacy should be regarding that type of issue?    Mr. Poe. I didn't say the FBI. Reclaiming my time, if the Chair would be so patient. The FAA--F-A-A, not the F-B--I--.    Mr. Poe. Not the F, B, and I, the FAA may make the regulations on what you can do with a drone and what you can't do. I think that Congress ought to weigh in and determine what the reasonable expectation of privacy ought to be with the use of drones.    Do you have an opinion on that, being the Director of the FBI? Do you want the FAA to continue to do it, or do you think Congress ought to set that standard?    Mr. Poe. I understand.    Mr. Poe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.