    Dr. Prager. Well, thank you very much for your opening comments--I appreciate them greatly--and also for the opportunity to speak to you today.    I direct the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, PPPL, which is a national laboratory, a DOE national laboratory managed by Princeton University. I've been asked to describe PPPL, its activities and opportunities; and ITER, its importance in relation to the U.S. research program.    PPPL employs a staff of 500. It has the dual mission to develop fusion energy and to advance fundamental plasma science with its many applications. The core of a fusion reactor is a very hot plasma, a gas of electrically charged particles such as a flame or a star. Research at PPPL concentrates on ideas that are innovative, unique, and at the world forefront, key criteria for all U.S. fusion research.    Fusion energy research in Asia and Europe is escalating. For the U.S. to contribute competitively in the face of larger investments elsewhere, we must focus on activities with breakthrough potential. Research at PPPL aims for innovation in four major areas: the development of a fusion concept that might lead to a fusion pilot plant as a next step for U.S. fusion, the challenge of how one surrounds a 100-million-degree plasma by a resilient material, the use of large-scale computing for new insights into fusion systems, and physics research that is key to the success of ITER.    We're currently at a propitious moment at PPPL. We have recently upgraded our major facility and just begun operation of this new experiment, the National Spherical Torus Experiment-Upgrade, NSTX-U. It is a DOE-user facility with 350 researchers from 60 institutions. The experiment cuts across all of the four topics just mentioned. It is a design that could lead to a reduced-size fusion pilot plant, a facility that would demonstrate net electricity production from fusion. NSTX will tell us whether this exciting step is possible. To do so it will push the frontier of our understanding of fusion plasmas.    We are also developing a novel solution to the challenge of the material that faces the hot plasma. Most of the world is investigating solid metals. A complementary approach is to surround the plasma by a liquid metal. Liquids are not damaged by the hot plasma. This offers a breakthrough solution to a major challenge. Will it work? We aim to find out through research that combines plasma physics with material science.    Fusion today is being transformed by supercomputing. We can now solve the equations that describe fusion plasmas as never before. PPPL has developed complex computer codes that are generating innovations in fusion systems. All these activities yield key understanding to help guide the future of ITER.    Looking to the future, opportunities abound for new world-leading major initiatives in the United States and the PPPL. PPPL is an underutilized resource for the Nation. The physical infrastructure includes capabilities that are unexploited, but more importantly, the staff of PPPL and U.S. fusion labs in general has broad world-class expertise and ideas that are not being tapped fully. We can do much more.    I will mention three exciting paths for PPPL and the United States. First, if experimental results prove favorable over the next decade, the United States could possibly move to preparations for a fusion pilot plant, a transformational step.    Second, with the revolutionary advance in computing power, we are now optimizing the fusion system in ways that were nearly inconceivable 20 years ago. With significant reactor advantages, PPPL aspires to experimentally test such modern designs.    Third, if current research and liquid materials proves favorable, we could move to a definitive integrated test of that concept.    And PPPL aims, as the national lab for fusion, to coordinate the U.S. research team on ITER following a model we are developing for a U.S. team that's collaborating on a major facility in Germany.    This brings me to the importance of ITER. ITER will be the first experiment to demonstrate and study a burning plasma, a fusion plasma that is self-sustaining, kept hot by the energy from fusion. A burning plasma is an essential gateway to commercial fusion. ITER is the path to this crucial goal.    ITER will also test key technologies and generate 500 million watts of thermal fusion power. ITER will be a landmark experiment in science and energy of the 21st century. It will be the focus of the world fusion program, complemented by strong domestic research in each participating nature--nation.    It is imperative that the United States maintain active participation in ITER and a strong domestic research program. These two components are strongly intertwined. Without a strong domestic program, we will not be able to extract information from ITER, and a domestic program is needed to solve the remaining challenges that ITER is not designed to solve.    The U.S. fusion program consists of broad research at universities and national laboratories and three major tokamak facilities. The three major facilities are General Atomics, MIT, and Princeton, form a triad of complementary capabilities that have made seminal contributions. The Oak Ridge, Livermore, Los Alamos, and other national labs also make key contributions.    The university research community in the United States provides foundational and innovative contributions. Research at universities spans the full range of fusion challenges carried out through experiments on campus and through participation at user facilities. There's a very strong need to reinvigorate U.S. university research and in fusion energy, which has suffered losses in recent years.    The opportunities for the United States to accelerate the pace to fusion energy are enormous. This would strongly benefit the United States as well as the world.    Thank you very much for the opportunity to provide an opening statement.    Dr. Prager. So one grand goal of fusion on a step along the way is to build an energy-producing plant.    Dr. Prager. ITER will produce energy but it won't make--it's not intended to make net electricity. So there is a goal to do that, to demonstrate that you can make net electricity, produce more electricity than you can consume.    So in experiments at Princeton the design that we're studying at NSTX-U, if successful, can offer the possibility of doing that at a somewhat smaller size, not radically smaller but somewhat smaller scale than the conventional tokamak approach.    Dr. Prager. No. A--such a facility would involve tritium handling, which would not best be done in Princeton, New Jersey.    Dr. Prager. In ten years we could begin the design and construction of such a facility, and there are--this is--there are other ideas, for example, to use advances in magnets, current magnet technology also to seek reduced size pilot plants. So this is one aspiration for the future.    Dr. Prager. Yes. But just let me clarify, that's not ten years to a commercial reactor.    Dr. Prager. So let me clear----    Dr. Prager. Okay. If it's ten years where we would begin the----    Dr. Prager. --design and construction of a pilot plant----    Dr. Prager. Yes.    Dr. Prager. I hope so, too.    Dr. Prager. Absolutely, yes. You know, there's been revolutionary advances in supercomputers that's revolutionizing all of modern science, fusion no less than any other. So with the supercomputing capabilities we can design concepts and test them on the computer and advance them in ways that we couldn't possibly do before. And there are new ideas on the table because of that.    It's also, I might say, critical for us in terms of interpreting ITER results. We need these advanced computation to understand as best as we can how ITER will behaved. So this is revolutionary for fusion.    Dr. Prager. Well, so some of the examples I discuss in my written testimony and on the figure 1 of my written testimony, DOE has supported the development of those concepts in the past. There is room to continue advancing some of those concepts, and some of those concepts, as I mentioned earlier, are attractive because they have less engineering complexity. But they--but I caution, they are at a less-mature state right now, so it's harder to provide a reliable path forward. We need to do the research to decide whether the performance is acceptable.    Dr. Prager. Well, we're resource-limited right now. I think if the United States wanted to commit more aggressively to fusion, there's lots that we can do. We can lay plans now for in the United States to build an energy-producing facility. Whether it's a pilot plant or something of reduced ambition, the scientific immunity would have to debate, but we can move forward on that. We could move forward on ideas that offer perhaps more attractive route or solve some of the problems that are confronting us.    I mentioned the computer is able to design machines we couldn't design before. There are designed on the table that the United States should be building that would have very attractive features. I think there is no one idea that's a magic bullet that will deliver commercial fusion power in 10 years.    Dr. Prager. I don't think that's going to happen. But we can greatly accelerate the pace, and no question, fusion can be developed in a timescale to have a huge impact on how we produce energy in the mid-part of this century.    Dr. Prager. I do agree with Dr. Hsu's testimony. I think that we should be supporting ideas in fusion that span from the mainstream and there's a continuous spectrum all out to ideas that are very, very primitive at this time. But I agree with Dr. Hsu that we should have metrics and a systematic way to judge their progress and what should move forward and what shouldn't be.    Dr. Prager. So here you'll get different answers. Let me just preface it. You'll get different answers from different fusion scientists because there's a plethora of ideas and everybody has their favorite. So with that preface I'll tell you one of my favorites, okay? There are designs now that use magnets that look highly, highly asymmetric. If you look at how--the magnet structure, it's not nice, circular magnets. It's because we can design--we can optimize the shape of the magnetic bottle so that--to make the best physics performance we can possibly get.    So there are designs that go into the brand name of stellarators. They're studied in Germany and Japan, but there are unique U.S. designs that automatically run continuously for months on end and are extremely stable and well controlled. And that's one example, I think, of a modern design that we should be building. And there are others.    Dr. Prager. So in terms of your two questions on computation, I think we have the knowhow, we know what to do, we're building the codes, and we just need to be part of actually the presidential initiative in exascale computation. If fusion can partake in that, we can very directly move ahead in computation. That's--we're just--we're ready to go. And it's an area where a relatively modest investment can keep the United States on the leading edge in fusion computation.    You asked specifically about plasma-facing materials. Well, within the last year the U.S. fusion community got together and did some planning in that and came up with four possible next steps. They include building an experiment that's specifically designed to shoot a plasma into a material to develop material science. It includes a robust program in developing liquid metals as a plasma-facing component. It includes ideas to build a new but medium-sized tokamak that's designed specifically to learn how to exhaust the heat in a way that the material survives. And it also includes full utilization of the current facilities that are studying this. So the community did come together and lay out some near-term affordable opportunities in that area.    Dr. Prager. Thank you. And I do want to thank you for your broad support of the whole national laboratory complex, which is invaluable to us.    Dr. Prager. The applications of fusion energy science go far and broad. And there are two classes of applications. One is to other areas of science, and the other one is applications to society and industry in general. In science we only have to know that essentially all of the visible universe is made up of plasma. So if you want to understand how stars are formed, how black holes work, why solar flares occur, if you want to understand the space weather and the Earth's environment, that's largely a problem in plasma physics. And the synergy between fusion science and what we call plasma astrophysics is enormous. So the effect on astronomy is enormous.    In regard to your--one of your interest areas of Fermilab, there are plasma ideas to build new accelerators where you can accelerate particles much more quickly to high energy over much shorter distances than the present accelerator technology, and this is a very exciting application of plasma physics to particle physics, which is the focus of Fermilab.    In industry, plasmas have a nice property. They're kind of people-sized and they're pretty hot and you can use them to interact with materials in revolutionary ways. So plasmas are used to make semiconductor chips and have in part fueled Moore's Law. Plasmas are used to make new types of nanostructures that are revolutionizing various types of industry. Plasmas are used to burn up waste. There's a new area of plasma medicine where plasmas interact with biological systems. You can use plasmas to heal wounds and plasmas can affect the chemical reactions in biological systems. There are plasma rocket thrusters that are in use today. You can--instead of having a chemical rocket, you can shoot a plasma out of a nozzle and the rocket moves forward. So you can have rockets that are much more fuel efficient. So there's a remarkably broad array of both fundamental science and industrial applications of plasmas.    Dr. Prager. I agree with Dr. Hsu. The budget--the fusion budget is very constrained financially, so there's been a decision made not to have a defined program to develop and consider fusion concepts that are different than what we call the tokamak and stellarator. And I do agree there should be a program and an opportunity within DOE, and these concepts, as Dr. Hsu said, should be subject to metrics, strict metrics moving forward. But I think as a--I would say as a matter of policy, the fusion program should be able to consider and, where meritorious, fund a variety of approaches to fusion.    Dr. Prager. So I think it is--I don't have the exact number, but it is a good fraction of one billion dollars.    Dr. Prager. It's been typically funded in the range of $100 million a year----    Dr. Prager. --you know, building up to where it is now----    Dr. Prager. --so it's a fraction of one billion dollars.    Dr. Prager. In that range, yes.    Dr. Prager. Maybe Dr. Bigot can give the best estimate.    Dr. Prager. I agree with everything Dr. Bigot said. I think for challenges, let me list three. I think one in the plasma science we have to learn how to hold the plasma in steady-state persistently. ITER will teach us about that but ITER will burn for about 8 minutes or so, and we need to learn how to have a burning plasma that lasts for months on end. That is in part a plasma science challenge, and there's research underway to accomplish that, number one.    Number two, as Bigot said, there's a whole--the whole issue of materials research, both the plasma-facing component and the structural material that has to manage the neutron bombardment, and that's a set of challenges, and there are ideas how to meet those challenges.    And third, while ITER is operating, we are working on how to make the reactor concept even more attractive economically. So ITER will teach us all about burning plasma science and then maybe by the time we get that, we'll have evolved beyond simply duplicating ITER for a reactor. So we can take that burning plasma science, ideas that have been developed in parallel maybe have a more highly optimized reactor.    On cost of electricity, over the years there have been--the best engineering studies that could be done taking the cost of materials, the cost of assembly and calculating, you know, capital cost and cost of electricity, they always come out to be competitive with baseload power generation of today. However, projecting economics 30 years into the future is highly theoretical.    We have an interesting data point with ITER, and we do ask ourselves the question, does the cost to construct ITER, is it consistent with the engineering calculations of what a reactor will cost? ITER is not a reactor, first of a kind, and so on.    And at PPPL we had the beginnings of a study to try to quantify that, try to quantify how much extra cost is in ITER because it's an experiment, it's the first of a kind, internationally managed. And so we're in the process of trying to get financial, if you like, data from the ITER partners so we can quantitatively answer your question.    Dr. Prager. Well, I don't know. I mean, Bigot--Dr. Bigot is the expert on that. I think the international arrangement has been well recognized to have provided--be problematic, and I think Dr. Bigot is having a remarkable effect on fixing that.    Dr. Prager. So I think the whole fusion community is very delighted with the progress over the last year.    Dr. Prager. Yes, I think the joke is 30 years away.    Dr. Prager. There's been a lot of progress over the last 15 years in various ways. One, scientifically, a big challenge is how do you control 100 million degree plasma, keep the heat in effectively, keep it from what we say going unstable and kind of blowing out like a tire blowing out. And in the last 15 years we've controlled it in ways that I couldn't imagine when I started to work in this field.    There's aspects of the plasma that, when I started to work, we just had to accept that it existed like bad weather, particularly turbulence in the plasma. Now, we, through--partly through experiment and through competition and theory we have ways that we can actually control the turbulence in the plasma. And therefore, this gives us greater confidence that ITER will succeed and that we can design a successful fusion reactor.    You've heard a lot about the problem of surrounding 100 million degree plasma by a hot material. Well, in experiments over the last 15 years there's been ways to magnetically channel the heat out and spread it out over surfaces to alleviate that problem. Computation has been spoken about a lot, that we have much better predictive capabilities.    Looking a little bit into the future, there are new breakthroughs in technology outside of fusion that could have a big impact such as magnets they can make very strong magnetic fields. So there's been very good steady progress that's not solved anything by any means but bolstered our confidence that will move well in the future.    Dr. Prager. Why has it taken so long? The fundamental answer is that this is one of the most challenging scientific and engineering enterprises ever undertaken by humankind, period. It's really hard. But the difficulty is matched by how transformative it will be when we succeed.    It required the development of a new field of science, the field that--what we call plasma physics. So when the pioneers in this field started out in the late 1950s, early '60s, this field didn't hardly exist. In the last 50 years a new field of science has been produced and developed, which is an enormous accomplishment. This has shown up in progress in fusion. If you look at fusion quantitative figures of merit, it beats Moore's Law. By our key figure of merit, we've gone up a factor of 30,000 in the last 30 years or so. We have another factor of six to go for commercial fusion.    It's taken long because you can't prove fusion on a tabletop. You just can't do it. The science doesn't allow it. We need machines like ITER, the major facilities in the United States. It just takes time to build a major facility. So all this stretches it out, and it's all--the overarching message also is that it's all been underfunded over the years so we could have gone faster.    So for an array of very understandable reasons, it's taken a long time. But if you look at how far we've come, I think it gives good basis for why the fusion community and scientists that look at this problem are very confident that we will get there.    Dr. Prager. You would parallelize. You would take more risk and you would look--you would develop--you would solve problems in parallel. Right now, we're doing it all serially, which stretches everything out. We would begin a study to build--my opinion--for example--it's going to be hypothetical. We would design a facility which would be a pilot plant and demonstrate net electricity production.    There would be some risk associated with it. It would be a risk that it might not work or will work partially, but if you really want a Manhattan Project, that could be the centerpiece of the program. At the same time, you would have satellite facilities that would solve the materials problems. We know what facilities we need to build, and you would have a program to develop more attractive fusion concepts. You would parallelize and do many things in parallel if you wanted to have a Manhattan Project.    Dr. Prager. Yes.    Dr. Prager. Yes.    Dr. Prager. No. So, for example, just to give one example, in order to really study, as we would like to, how materials behave when bombarded by neutrons that the fusion reactions produce, you need a facility that can generate the neutrons. We know what that facility is. We can design it and we can build it. In round numbers it will cost $1 billion. So we can do that in parallel with this pilot plant, as one example.    Dr. Prager. ITER is an experiment, and if we knew with 99 percent confidence that it would work as we hope, we wouldn't bother to build it; we would just move to the next step. So ITER is to teach us how to control burning plasmas.    What's the level of confidence that we will in fact succeed in getting a burning plasma 10 times more energy out than in and be able to control it? I think the confidence is high but it's not 99 percent or we wouldn't be doing the experiment.    So if you look at--you can step through the different physics issues. You know, will we be able to confine the energy? Well, that, we think so. There you can extrapolate pretty well from current experiments. Will the alpha particles that are generated in the fusion reaction cause instabilities that wreck the plasma? Well, we have good computation and we have simulated experiments in current facilities that lead us to think that it'll probably be okay. And on and on. But the challenge of a burning plasma is all these phenomenon interact at one time. It's a highly complex, coupled system, and when you start to burn, it changes.    So I think the summary statement is the fusion community has pretty good confidence that this will succeed for fusion power, but it is an experiment. That's why--if we--it's--every experiment is some reasonable extrapolation from the precursor.    Dr. Prager. Yes.    Dr. Prager. Yes.    Dr. Prager. Both. I think there is a consensus that we well likely have the physics knowhow to succeed in ITER. At the same time, physicists are by nature--we're supposed to be skeptics so we are--every day we're pointing out problems that, you know, can kill ITER but won't really kill ITER. So they both go on all the time.    I think the extrapolation from inertial fusion facilities before NIF to NIF is greater than the extrapolation from existing fusion facilities to ITER. And so I think we have a pretty good shot that if we permit Dr. Bigot to complete the experiment that it will ultimately be successful.    Dr. Prager. Similar kinds of uncertainties, and when we speak about next-step stellarators, we're not at the present time thinking of a burning plasma but we're testing somewhat different magnetic configuration that's been tested before. So it's always an extrapolation, and whenever we build the new experiments, it's always a judgment call of how far you go, as you are saying, how far you extrapolate so that you'll do something exciting without going over the cliff.    And so I would say in the last 25 years or so in the United States in magnetic fusion we've erred on the side of being too conservative.    Dr. Prager. It's a very--yes, so Germany has just this last few months started a new experiment. It's a fantastic, modernized, optimized stellarator design. It will be enormously informative. But in addition, the stellarator design has enormous design space. So, for example, the German one, as fantastic----    Dr. Prager. Yes.    Dr. Prager. Germany and Japan.    Dr. Prager. So Japan has--there are two sort of billion-dollar-class facilities. The one in Japan has been operating for quite a while with extremely valuable information. The German one is an extremely highly optimized, modern facility, and it's fantastic. Well, one small but--though it extrapolates to a very large size reactor, probably bigger than ITER.    So, for example, there are ideas that we have in the United States to take all the advantages of the stellarator at have it be more compact, and that's what we'd like--one example of what we might want to do in the United States.