    Mr. Takano. Dr. Morgan, what are microgrids and would they be useful--a useful tool that could be--that could enable communities to withstand and recover faster from high-impact events?    Mr. Takano. Yeah, my time is up. I yield back. Thank you. I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank my colleague from California, Mr. Rohrabacher, for commenting--saying something about the topic I brought up, the line of questioning.    Dr. Morgan, am I to conclude that--with my question regarding microgrids that--and the--your comment about the emphasis--the heretofore emphasis on distribution and not enough attention maybe on the other side of the equation on diversifying the generation----    Mr. Takano. Excuse me. Go ahead. Clarify what you're----    Mr. Takano. Thank you. Thank you for clarifying. Okay.    So my question is--and I want to follow up on what Mr. Rohrabacher suggested at the end of his comments about battery technology and--where--how could the federal government--or what would be the appropriate role in terms of emphasizing more research in this area? There's a lot of breakthrough. I just recently visited a vanadium battery company. How could this be--is this a potential game-changer if we were to make breakthroughs in various types of battery technology and how this would help alleviate our vulnerability?    Mr. Takano. Sure.    Mr. Takano. What can we do more to--I know the DOE supports the battery research, but could we be doing more? And is this a wise place to kind of do more--provide more support?    Mr. Takano. Well, great. But related to the entire topic of today's hearing, better battery storage, energy storage technologies could also be part of a strategy to address----    Mr. Takano. Mr. Chairman, I would endorse that suggestion, also my colleague's suggestion, Mr. Rohrabacher's suggestion about more work on what's going on in the private sector and the public sector in battery storage and energy storage technology.