    Mr. Griffith. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate you all being here, and listening to your testimony today is making me think I should go ahead and get a new hot water heater because mine clearly is not going be nearly as efficient as what you all are talking about.    I am concerned about some things. The gentleman just brought up the warning label. I do think that we probably need to take a look at that and see if we can make sure we let folks know that it will go to 50 percent of efficiency if it is tampered with, and the whole lock-and-key mechanism concerns me some. I will tell you that when this was a part of a Senate amendment to a House bill, I looked at it, and fortunately the penalties do not include incarceration for trying to get around the system by doing something to the machine. But it does include a fine penalty which causes me concern. It always makes me nervous when we are mandating things. And so I am trying to figure out--and I know most consumers will just, you know, this is what is available on the market. If something happens, their plumber tells them this is what you need to buy. They will buy that or they will go to the Home Depot and get something off the shelf. But if somebody really wants to have 100 gallons ready whenever they want it, what would keep them from buying two, 50-gallon hot water heaters under this program or this bill?    Mr. Griffith. Let me ask that question because I am trying to find answers, and anytime the Government is mandating stuff, it makes me nervous. So if I wanted to buy a commercial hot water heater, this wouldn't be a problem?    Mr. Griffith. But I could put a commercial hot water heater into my residence?    Mr. Griffith. OK. Now, let me ask this because I know a lot of people will have this question, too. I read somewhere that if you have the heat pump type water heater and it is in an area that is normally heated, it may actually cool the air a little bit as well. Is that accurate?    Mr. Griffith. OK. And so when you say that the unit would cost more if you had it say in the middle of your basement and you converted the basement or the house had a basement converted into a living space, you would have to spend some more money getting the outside air brought in so that you wouldn't cool your basement where perhaps your daughter has taken up residency? Just saying.    Mr. Griffith. All right.    Mr. Griffith. Let us translate that into that alleged daughter's bedroom area. How much is the temperature going to drop? Are we talking 1 degree or we talking, you know, she is going to notice 10 degrees cooler? Do we know?    Mr. Griffith. All right. I do appreciate it. Thank you all so much for being here. We are all trying to be more efficient, but we want to make sure we balance out all the interests concerned. Thank you so much. I yield back.