    Dr. Heck. Good afternoon. Today's subcommittee meets to hear testimony on two important but very diverse subjects, the eligibility of TRICARE beneficiaries to enroll in health savings accounts, or HSAs, and the placement of a memorial within Arlington National Cemetery to honor helicopter pilots and crew members who died while flying in combat in Vietnam.    I want to thank Representative Mark Amodei from my home State of Nevada and Representative Chris Stewart from Utah for introducing H.R. 4298, the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act, and H.R. 5458, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act, respectively.    I appreciate your support for our service members and retirees and for your willingness to honor those who gave the ultimate sacrifice. I welcome both of you here today.    We will have two panels. The first to discuss the Vietnam Helicopter Crew Memorial Act, and the second to discuss the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act. I am interested in hearing from our witnesses today, their views on each of these bills as they have been introduced in the House of Representatives.    With that, I want to welcome our witnesses. I look forward to their testimony.    And before I introduce our panel, I would like to offer ranking member, Mrs. Davis, from San Diego, an opportunity to make any opening remarks.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mrs. Davis.    At this time, without objection, I ask unanimous consent that an additional statement from the National Association of Uniformed Services be included in the record of this hearing.    Without objection, so ordered.    Dr. Heck. We will try to go as quickly but as effectively as we can before they call votes. As you have all been informed, we are probably going to have a vote series that will interrupt this hearing.    So I will welcome our first panel. The Honorable Mark E. Amodei of the second district of Nevada; Mr. Patrick Hallinan, executive director for Arlington National Cemetery; and Mr. Bob Hesselbein, chairman, Legacy Committee, Vietnam Helicopter Pilots Association.    With that, Mr. Amodei, you have 5 minutes.    Hit your button.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Congressman Amodei.    Next, we will hear from Mr. Hallinan.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Hallinan.    And I think we will probably have time to get through Mr. Hesselbein's opening statement and then we will come back for questions.    So Mr. Hesselbein, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Heck. I would like to thank all our witnesses. We will stand in recess until we reconvene after the votes.    Dr. Heck. Okay. We will reconvene the hearing and take up questions.    I will begin and put me on the clock for 5 minutes.    Mr. Hallinan, in your testimony, you know, you raised the issue, rightfully so, of the diminishing space for interments. Just for my edification, how many square--how many acres does Arlington occupy?    Dr. Heck. Okay. And of those 624, do you know how many acres are not suitable for interments?    Dr. Heck. And how big are those markers?    Dr. Heck. Okay. So not as much--so the same headstone, just not on the amount of space required for an interment?    Dr. Heck. Okay. So I would appreciate it if you would get back with how much space is not suitable for burial.    Dr. Heck. And so for all the space, then, that is not suitable, you hold that in reserve for one of these other markers. Is that correct, that is the current operating procedure?    Dr. Heck. Okay. Do you know how many of those markers have been placed?    Dr. Heck. Okay. And how many monuments that honor groups of individuals who serve in a particular war conflict are located in Arlington?    Dr. Heck. Okay. All right.    And, Mr. Hesselbein, is there a particular location that you have requested the memorial be placed inside of ANC, or are you just asking for a location at the selection of the Secretary of the Army and Arlington officials?    Dr. Heck. And other than those locations, if ANC came back and said, hey, we understand you like 60, 66, or maybe where the expansion is, but we have this?    Dr. Heck. Okay. Thank you. I have no further questions.    Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Coffman.    Dr. Heck. Okay. Well, I thank all the witnesses for your testimony today. We will take the matter under advisement and see if there is a path forward.    So we will end the first panel, and then we will change out and bring the second panel up to discuss Mr. Stewart's bill, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act.    Dr. Heck. All right. We will go ahead and move into our second panel.    This one on Mr. Stewart's bill, the Veterans TRICARE Choice Act, which tries to open up TRICARE members to be able to participate in health savings accounts. We have but one witness, Mr. Bill Secord, a legislative affairs chairman for the Airline Pilots Association.    Mr. Secord, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Heck. All right. Thank you.    So let me make sure I kind of--I am going to walk through a hypothetical timeline and you tell me how this works. So somebody enlisted at the age of 18, they retire after 20. At 38, they are TRICARE eligible, but they opt not to take their TRICARE benefits because instead they are going to take another employee-based plan as a high deductible HSA-based plan. But in order to do that currently, they have to opt out of TRICARE, which they cannot do?    Dr. Heck. And then at some point in the future, let's say they get to 65 and now they decide they want to go TRICARE For Life, they come back in--or if they leave that one employer, you know, and go someplace to another employer that doesn't offer the same high deductible HSA plan, they can come back into TRICARE?    Dr. Heck. So from your perspective, then, what would be--what do you see as the most tangible benefit of allowing the military retirees to be able to opt out of TRICARE to purchase the high deductible plan with the HSA?    Dr. Heck. Any estimate of how many military retirees? I mean, has there been a survey or anything that has been done to look at how many people might be interested in taking advantage of this option?    Dr. Heck. I have no further questions.    Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. So just because they are--even though they are not on TRICARE, they are retired, they are not using their TRICARE benefit, but just because they have the marker of being TRICARE eligible, under IRS rules they are not able to use a high deductible HSA plan?    Dr. Heck. Okay. Mr. Coffman.    Dr. Heck. All right. Well, as the sole witness, we appreciate your being here today to present on the bill. We will take it under advisement and see if there is a path forward.    Dr. Heck. There being no further business before the committee, we stand adjourned.