    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman.    And I am very pleased to welcome one of the favorite sons of the great City of New York. It is very good to see you.    Mrs. Maloney. And I regret I had to chair another meeting and I just got here. But I want to follow up with something that was raised by Ranking Member Waters earlier. And while my good friends on the other side of the aisle have criticized FSOC for not being responsive to their document request, I would like to point out that FSOC did make 1,400 pages of confidential documents available to this committee. And my staff and I believe the staffs of many other Members on this side of the aisle have been over there to Treasury and reviewed these documents.    And these were confidential documents laying out the detailed reasoning behind the FSOC's decision to designate individual companies as systemically important, which was exactly what the Majority asked for. So I think supplying 1,400 documents for review is being responsive, and I just want to make that very clear.    Now, I would like to ask you, Mr. Secretary, you said earlier that the issue of bond market liquidity is a legitimate one, but we should be very careful about assessing the causes of the lack of liquidity. And I agree with you. I don't think we have any definitive answers yet, but I think it is an incredibly important issue.    I think it is also important to focus on potential problems in the Treasury market rather than other markets, because the Treasury market is a $12 trillion market that determines the borrowing costs in so many other key markets as well.    You mentioned the huge swing in the Treasury market on October 15th of last year and said there was no evidence of a breakdown in the market that day. And I agree with you. On October 15th, trading was continuous and trading volume was heavy. So was it really a lack of liquidity driving the wild price swings or was it something else?    Can you give us some more context for what the FSOC has found so far as it has looked into this issue?    Mrs. Maloney. Thank you. I look forward to your report, and I hope you will personally brief Members of Congress.    Mrs. Maloney. I think it is critically important.    And my time has expired. Thank you very much.