    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate the time, and I appreciate the witnesses being here today.    I have got one first question to Mr. Becker. Thank you for your service, Mayor. I believe more local control of our transportation dollars should be a priority. And my district is mostly rural, with some smaller urban areas like Bloomington-Normal, Champaign, Illinois, Springfield, Illinois--home to Abraham Lincoln--and Decatur, Illinois.    I want to ask you a quick question. What changes would you recommend this committee make to help our communities that may not be like yours, with less than 200,000, get their fair share of Federal transportation dollars?    Mr. Davis. Thank you very much. Obviously, we have had a lot of discussion on funding sources. We love to be able to talk about the different issues, and many of my colleagues said no source should be off the table. And I am just glad we are having this debate. Some that I talk to in my district do not even think we are talking about trying to have a robust, fully funded transportation bill.    But I want to ask you your opinion because I hear a lot of rhetoric in regards to other infrastructure projects. And I believe, when it comes to the transportation bill, we need to put together a list or a pie of priorities, somewhat of a diversified portfolio, rather than just relying upon one source. And I am glad we are talking about these different sources.    But in the debate regarding an infrastructure project, the Keystone pipeline, many of my colleagues, many who serve on the other side of the Capitol, are talking about how it is only going to create 35 permanent jobs. Well, I think that hinders our ability to talk about what infrastructure and construction means to our economy and to local communities and States.    It does not help us to talk about the need to fund a robust infrastructure policy when we know permanent jobs along highways and interstates are not going to be created at all in the State of Illinois, but it is going to help grow other jobs, as my colleague Mr. Rice talked about, the indirect jobs that are created by economic growth.    This is a frustration for me because I think as we move forward on this debate, when it comes to funding the highway and transit bill, that same rhetoric will be used to talk about not investing in infrastructure at all. So I would urge you to remind some of your colleagues who may be utilizing that rhetoric because of their own political thoughts regarding the Keystone pipeline, reassure them that that debate does not help us when we are talking about construction projects. I would like to get both of your thoughts on that.    Mr. Davis. Thank you.    Mr. Cox? I have got about 25 seconds for you.    Mr. Davis. Well, thank you very much. And I appreciate what both of you do to move this debate along. I think you can sense my frustration because I came here to work with my colleagues to hopefully come up with a long-term solution. And there is no committee that epitomizes the ability to work together in a bipartisan basis than this committee, and all you have to do is look at what we did with the water infrastructure bill during the last Congress. With your help, we will do it again this year. Thanks for your time.