    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today is the first hearing of this particular Subcommittee, and I am the Ranking Member again, and I appreciate that opportunity to serve, and I appreciate serving with Chairman Franks. We have served together as Chair and Ranking Member, and this is a Committee that gets some very emotional issues where people have strong opinions on each side, and yet Mr. Franks has always remained civil and respectful toward the--our side, despite the fact that his opinions are light years away. It is a large universe and we encompass it, but we do it in a good manner, and I appreciate that.    The freedom to practice one's religious free from undue governmental influences is particularly special in American history, and the First Amendment guarantees the right to freedom of religion, along with speech and petition, and our First Amendment protections. And Thomas Jefferson, as Mr. Goodlatte mentioned, he is a big fan of Jefferson's, as am I, has on his resting place in Virginia three things: that he was the father of the Constitution, that he was the founder of the University of Virginia, and that he was the author of the declaration of religious independence or freedoms; nothing about being President or Secretary of State or any of those things, they were mundane, because it was values and ideas and education and liberty and freedom that was so important to him.    He has on the Jefferson Memorial, of course, he doesn't have this, the descendants have this, one of his particular quotes is that, ``I swear upon the altar of God eternal hostility toward all forms of tyranny over the mind of man.''    It is important that we understand that as our Founding Father's legacy and that we adhere to it, and we did in passing the Religious Freedom Restoration Act here. I was not here at the time. Mr. Goodlatte was.    But I was in the Tennessee State Senate, and I passed the Tennessee RFRA law and I was proud to do it. And there was that great coalition, as he mentioned here, of the ACLU to the Southern Baptist Convention, or something associated therewith, and all kind of diverse religious groups and folks about the First Amendment were all for it. And that was wonderful. And it was about, really, Employment Division v. Smith, and it was a direct reaction to that case that RFRA was passed with this broad bipartisan support and that we passed it in Tennessee as well.    Unfortunately, our Supreme Court, in its corporatization of America, which of course has also been part of the work of this Congress, took religious freedom from the ideas that were really held by Jefferson and others about individuals being oppressed by the government and gave it to corporations, and nobody had ever envisioned that, like nobody had envisioned corporations having the right to have free speech, free speech in the thousands and hundreds of thousands and millions of dollars to influence legislation and who gets elected and how the laws are made so that the tax rates are appropriate for those who have much so they could have much more and do much more trickle-down.    So the corporatization of America has taken place, and the courts did it in this case, and that is what happened and what broke apart that great bipartisan coalition that we were so proud of in passing RFRA.    To be concerned about the Hobby Lobby case, which is part of a whole series of cases with the Supreme Court and legislative actions that nobody would have envisioned, giving corporations rights and worshiping to the altar of the corporate god does not mean you are against religion. You can still be for religion.    And I am for religion and I'm for the separation of church and state and I'm for the First Amendment and I'm for RFRA as it was envisioned when it was passed and restore those pre-Smith laws, but the Hobby Lobby decision was aberrant, and that's why I and many other people who have deep--thought and felt commitments to religious liberty oppose Hobby Lobby decision, they still believe in RFRA, and they just think RFRA went too long.    It was an activist court, activist in the worst way, activists that gave powers to people that we never envisioned; not activists that went far to give minorities opportunity and minorities rights. It went far to give corporations rights. That's the wrong type of activism, in my opinion.    But I look forward to this hearing and listening to all of the witnesses and working with Mr. Franks as we go forward.    Mr. Cohen. Yes, sir.    Mr. Cohen. University of Virginia.    Mr. Cohen. I thought I said that. Let's take a vote. How many of you think I said University of Virginia? Raise your hand. You're right. Vote's over.    Thank you, though.    Mr. Cohen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Since, as I understand it, there's no legislation filed that's particularly relevant to the subjects on which we're talking, this is more of an academic, intellectual exercise rather than a legislative hearing for the purpose of producing legislation and changing the law, so I will pursue it in that manner.    First, I want to correct the record, if it needs to be corrected, because I think the record ought to be correct. If I said author of the Constitution, which if I check with my staff, I might have said that, he was obviously the author of the Declaration of Independence. And Mr. Goodlatte was in the right church, but the wrong pew when he corrected me. If I didn't say that, he was just in the wrong church. But I definitely had University of Virginia down.    I'd like to compliment Ms. Windham. You graduated Abilene Christian. Is that correct?    Mr. Cohen. And then you went to Harvard Law School, right?    Mr. Cohen. Is there any other person in the universe with that combination of degrees?    Mr. Cohen. Have there really? Well, great. I knew Abilene Christian, but I never knew it reached to Harvard, and you're a proud alumna. I'm sure they're very proud of you.    Mr. Baylor, you've got a lot of Texas history, but it didn't tell me where you went to undergraduate school. Where did you go to school?    Mr. Cohen. Duke. I was afraid you were going to say Baylor and you were right down----    Mr. Cohen. But you're from Texas, I take it.    Mr. Cohen. You just practiced years there.    Mr. Cohen. Okay. You practiced a lot there.    Your group is for the defense of marriage. Is that right?    Mr. Cohen. That is one of the things you do? The biggest--the biggest assault on marriage, from time immemorial has been adultery. What have--has your group done to attack adultery?    Mr. Cohen. Yeah, because adultery is the root problem with marriage. That's what breaks up more marriages than anything, is adultery. And if you want to protect marriage, you've really got to get to the core, and that's fight adultery.    Mr. Cohen. What have you all done to fight adultery?    Mr. Cohen. Right.    Mr. Cohen. What do you think is--what do you think or your group thinks is the biggest threat to marriage?    Mr. Cohen. Well, would you----    Mr. Cohen. So you're saying that since I'm--I'm 65, and I've never married. I've thought about it and I've thought about--even this morning, I thought about it, but I haven't thought about having children. And so are you suggesting to me I should--don't need to get married because I'm not going to have children?    Mr. Cohen. Right. So it's sharing in life and getting through the senior years with somebody that you can--who can remember what you remembered and, you know, who knows who Steely Dan was and all those things.    Mr. Cohen. Well, life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. The pursuit of happiness could be children, and a lot of people it is, I think for our parents hopefully it was, and I know a lot of others, but--but pursuit of happiness can be just knowing Steely Dan and kind of getting through it all.    Mr. Cohen. They certainly weren't like the Beatles, and thought happiness was a warm gun, like some people, my colleagues think.    Mr. Cohen. Yeah.    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Baylor, I appreciate it and I appreciate your group.    And I don't know if you all have suggested that the expansion of the definition of marriage to people of the same gender would be something that is a threat to marriage, but if you have, I would suggest working on adultery, because I think there's more of a history there.    I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Cohen. Could I----    Mr. Cohen. May I ask the gentleman to yield for a moment?    Mr. Cohen. Could I ask the Chair to correct a point?    Mr. Cohen. I was not contemptuous of Mr. Goodlatte.    Mr. Cohen. I was expressing my fault and saying Mr. Goodlatte might have been right. I would not express any----    Mr. Cohen. Well, if we are going to----    Mr. Cohen. Mr. Chair, before you close, I have a statement to enter in the record, without objection.    Mr. Cohen. And I would like to take the brief time to say I was wrong, Mr. Goodlatte was right. I think he was correcting me on the author of the Declaration of Independence.    Mr. Goodlatte is a gentleman. He is my friend. He is a scholar. I pre-anticipated his question incorrectly, and I would have been eliminated from a game show.    Thank you.