    Mr. Serrano. Thank you. And thank you, Madam Secretary, for being here today and for your work. I am going to ask you two quick questions at the same time because they are based on hopes. It might be that by the next time the Census comes around we may have immigration reform. While what that means to the Census Bureau, other than people coming forth to be counted that perhaps were afraid to do so before, you know, are we ready for that? Will it be a big challenge or something you have to be ready for? And secondly, my second hope, which seems to be coming to be, is that by pretty soon we may have full diplomatic relations with Cuba which may entail a lot of trade. And the Commerce Department will play a role. Are you ready to meet that challenge if that comes your way? Simple questions, but historic in nature.    Mr. Serrano. Right. Without telling me anything I am not supposed to know, although we are supposed to know everything, right? What items does the Commerce Department think the Cubans would be ready to sell us other than to flood us with great baseball players and great music and so on, which is great. But we know what we can sell to Cuba. We have been doing it little by little. But what would we be interesting in getting from them in that kind of trade?    Mr. Serrano. All right. Thank you. One last question since I do have time. The chairman is interested in cigars, by the way, in case----    Mr. Serrano. That is right.    Mr. Serrano. That will end, hopefully.    Mr. Serrano. Right, very, that is true. Very quickly----    Mr. Serrano. Are you charging me for this time? No, but anyway. No, it is not. Madam Secretary, in 2010 the Census received a lot of criticism and feedback around how respondents of Hispanic or Latino origin were able to self-identify. How if at all has the agency considered making changes to this area? Are there any plans to expand the existing response categories of Mexican, Mexican American, or Chicano, Puerto Rican, Cuban, and other Hispanic, Latino, or Spanish origin? And have you been in conversations with any groups concerning those changes or petitions for changes?    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Mr. Chairman, I also want to add my words.    Mike, you have been a real gentleman and fair, and to me, that word is very, very important, fair, balanced. Unlike a TV station, you have really been balanced. And I appreciate that and I wish you all the best. And, you know, we keep losing good people and other people keep gaining good people. And so good luck, and am I supposed to say go Yankees or that upsets you?    Mr. Serrano. Okay. Congratulations.    Mr. Serrano. And I think it is important that you singled him out also because he is going to have a long suffering season with the Phillies, so, you know, it is going to be very painful for Bob.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you so much.    I admire, respect, and love my ranking member, but he almost gave me a heart attack when he said asteroids were not important since one of my questions is going to be about the Arecibo Puerto Rican observatory.    And let me first tell you, sir, that one of the best experiences I have had as a Member of this committee has been not only to have been twice the ranking member under Hal Rogers and Frank Wolf but also the work that we have done in our districts. And I wanted to speak to you about that.    The last time we had an event that was a wonderful event, we had flown the Puerto Rican flag on one of the flights. Then we had flown the Dominican flag on one of the flights. And astronauts came down to the community college and presented both flags. And the room was full of kids and community people and it was just a wonderful, wonderful event.    And then there have been many times when astronauts have come into the classroom to speak and it is one of those few times where you do not have to worry about the children paying attention because, you know, they are, oh, you went up in space and they are captured.    So where is that program at? Those visits to schools, do you continue them? Has the budget hurt you, you know, in doing that kind of work because I think it is great and I support it totally?    General Bolden. Congressman, I think during the period of more active pursuit of sequester, I think everybody knows, it is common knowledge that travel in Federal agencies was significantly curtailed. So during that period of time, we did have to cut back on school visits and the like from astronauts and NASA employees. However, over the last year or so, we have relatively restored our school visits and our other kinds of outreach activities to some normalcy.    I was privileged to visit Puerto Rico earlier this year and actually had a chance to--you mentioned Arecibo, but had an opportunity to go out to the observatory there and walk on the telescope, on the disk and everything else and talk to students in Puerto Rico. There is nothing that promotes interest in STEM education, as you have said, like a hands-on experience for students.    Mr. Serrano. Absolutely.    General Bolden. Mr. Jenkins, well, somebody mentioned, although he is not from Huntsville, but down in Huntsville, it used to be called the moon buggy challenge and it is now called the NASA Human Exploration Rover Challenge, but we have students from all over the world----    Mr. Serrano. Right.    General Bolden . Who come to compete in that and build buggies from bicycle parts and other kinds of things. So we still continue our outreach programs.    Mr. Serrano. And I encourage you to do so. And I will be a Member of this committee that will push for that because I think those are wonderful programs and a wonderful way for NASA, and NASA is one of those agencies that does not hurt anybody. On the contrary, it just brings joy and solidifies our future.    Let me move on to the observatory. The observatory is funded mostly by NSF, as you know, and NASA plays a major role. And a couple years ago, they were actually talking not only of backing off from helping the observatory but even getting rid of it.    And not this committee, I wish I could say this committee, but it was scientists who wrote especially in a report that said that Arecibo played a major role in keeping an eye on things that have to be kept an eye on. So, of course, I am in support of keeping it open. I know the chairman is also and so is Mr. Honda and the ranking member and other people.    What is the status right now at least from NASA's point of view and as to your knowledge, although that is a question for them? Is NSF still thinking about, although they have backed away from that, doing something?    General Bolden. I cannot answer what Dr. Cordova and the NSF, what their position is right now, but I can say that NASA, currently, provides in the neighborhood of $3 million each year for support at Arecibo. But I will take it for the record and get that specific amount to you.    So we continue to push for the telescope and its availability. In fact, one of the reasons that I went to Puerto Rico was because I had heard about it, but I had never seen it and I wanted to go meet the people there. And they are incredibly enthusiastic about what they do.    So I think it is value. The unfortunate thing is it is not a NASA asset. It is a National Science Foundation asset. It is like McMurdo Bay in Antarctica. It is like many of the research facilities around the world the way that responsibility is divided up. NASA frequently is the dominant player at our international research facilities, but they do not belong to us.    Mr. Serrano. Right.    General Bolden. They belong to other agencies of the government and we do not have a say in whether or not they close them or open them.    Mr. Serrano. Right.    General Bolden. But we generally----    Mr. Serrano. My time is up, but I hope that we can work together for the part that NASA plays in keeping Arecibo open. And it is a good thing to see that the chairman has always been a supporter. The man that has always been a supporter of Arecibo is now chairman of the committee and the ranking member has always been supportive. So we will continue to work on it.    General Bolden. And, sir, I will try to get for the record, we will contact the NSF and see if they can provide us a comment since I do not----    Mr. Serrano. Well, turn it over to you and then we will take good care of you.    General Bolden. No, no, no, no, no. I am not asking for more on my plate. I do not need more.    Mr. Serrano. I think it was the cable James Bond hung from when they made the movie there. .    Mr. Serrano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Serrano. Thank you.