    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning, Mr. Administrator.    General Bolden. Good morning.    Mr. Jenkins. I am from down the home of the rocket boys and Homer Hickam, West Virginia. So I would like to spend just my brief minute or two bringing us back to earth a little bit about some of your work and what NASA does and obviously as participating in grant funding and projects in my State of West Virginia.    The chairman brought up the IG's work. I would like to maybe get your take a little bit on the NASA Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) Facility program up in Fairmont, West Virginia, critically important to our state, your feelings about that program and its value.    General Bolden. Independent Verification and Validation (IV&V) Facility has been of critical value to us since its beginnings. It is an asset that we use to do safety assurance evaluations and the like. And there are a number of other things that go on there.    I think the IG, if I remember his comments, you know, some people took it to mean that he was recommending that we get out of IV&V or out of the facility. And that is not something that is, you know, immediately on our plate. As we look at our assets and our capabilities, we are looking at what we should do with each, but IV&V is a critical facility.    Mr. Jenkins. Would you mind sharing, to the extent you are able to or maybe a follow-up, some of the details behind the importance and, as you say, the value propositions that come out of that facility and what we do?    General Bolden. IV&V or independent verification and validation is a process that NASA uses. I think most industries use it, but NASA uses the process to look at dominantly software to make sure that we can put faults and failures and all kinds of stuff into the program and make sure that it responds appropriately, that it does not trip the software such that it just loses its mind, if you will. So IV&V does not do the critical software evaluations for the International Space Station, but it does critical software evaluations for some of our other activities. So that is the kind of work you do. You cannot just say, we are going to close down the one in West Virginia and go do it somewhere else because it takes time. You have got the talent, the brain power, and you have got the facilities that are there.    Mr. Jenkins. And when you make mention that some may have interpreted IG as suggesting, that leads me to believe that maybe--have you had a follow-up discussion with the IG and maybe the way it was written or interpreted, that maybe that is a conclusion that should not have been suggested?    General Bolden. I do not change the IG's mind. What I do is I respond to the IG's report. What we do is we cooperate with them as they formulate the report and we give them as much as we can in hopes that the report will not reflect something that we think is inaccurate. But we do respond. If they give us recommendations or findings or the like, then we respond back to them. So I do not remember exactly what our responses were, but I think we told the IG that we appreciated very much the recommendation. However, these are the actions that we are taking right now.    As the chairman mentioned, the IG, the IG's report to me is not a directive. That is a report of a finding by an Inspector General. The Office of the Inspector General does not direct the Agency to do anything. As the CEO of the agency, if I want to assume the risk, then I just tell the IG I really appreciate this point. I think you may be correct, but I am willing to assume that risk at this time.    Mr. Jenkins. The second and final area of interest to me is again your financial support. I just spoke last night to the EPSCoR program and had the honor of introducing NASA's former chief scientist who is now head of the National Science Foundation. Your support for undergraduate research, STEM programs--today happens to be Undergraduate Research Day in West Virginia that a lot of bright-minded students make presentations.    NASA's investment in education through the consortium, the space consortium and all, can you share with me and the committee some of the values of that effort and as part of your budget?    General Bolden. I do not think we can put enough money into the work that NASA does towards STEM education. I say that not lightly to be quite honest. I think you can always use more.    However, I do say all the time that NASA spends 16 and if we get the requested President's budget, we will devote $18.5 billion to STEM education in this country because there is nothing that we do in the Agency, there is no office, no department, no anything that does not have some impact on STEM education, whether it is just employees acting as mentors or providing NASA content to a school or something of that nature that does not get counted in an education budget, but we have $16.8 billion that we apply towards STEM education. It is an incredible value.    Mr. Jenkins. Major General, thank you.    General Bolden. Thank you.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I was taking a quick look. The temperature in Honolulu is 64 degrees right now. At Green Bank, West Virginia, where there is another telescope, we are going to get up to 64. So it is not driven by the weather that you are wanting to go to Hawaii. And I am excited to know of your interest in visiting a telescope, because we proudly have the Green Bank Telescope in my district. And it is only four and a half hours away, so we will be happy to do a field visit.    Good morning, and welcome. I am glad to have you. And for the members of the subcommittee I had the honor of having dinner with the EPSCoR folks and having an opportunity to sit with and talk with the Director at that time. So thank you very much.    I would like to delve in a little bit. I visited Green Bank yesterday and had the opportunity to speak with the Director there, Director Dr. Karen O'Neil. Give me if you would not mind, Madam Director, the current NSF funding vis a vis that project? Obviously I am most interested in the Astronomy Portfolio Review Committee's recommendation from two years ago and where this project sits vis a vis this particular budget.    Mr. Jenkins. Is there a basic philosophy? What I am hearing you say, and there is no direct correlation I assume between the budget request as the chair indicated, the proposed budget is actually higher than what you are currently funded at, is that correct?    Mr. Jenkins. So while you are seeking more money, what you are saying philosophically is that through this process you go in and evaluate projects and through this review structure you then may divest yourself. So out with the old, in with the new? Is this a process you go through? So regardless of where we stand budgetarily, there is no direct correlation necessarily between the funding you receive and the projects you are going to fund over the course of the year?    Mr. Jenkins. What is your power and authority in the funding mechanism? You know, after Congress, you know, passes a budget, or through whatever mechanisms you are funded, it seems to me the ball is then in your court and you are in the, theoretically the bully pulpit. You are the holder of the purse strings. People come to you through their application process. You are the decider. What leverage, because I think you would have a significant amount of leverage. Because I know Green Bank, for example, works with NASA, they work with EPSCoR, they work with the STEM emphasis in education, higher ed institutions like WVU. I politely want to challenge the NSF to take what I believe is an asset like Green Bank Telescope, the only fully directional telescope in the world, and all of those players around, and challenge them to step up to the plate and engage in a collaborative way. Because I would think you would want one plus one to equal three. Let us figure out how to use your dollars, taxpayer dollars that are appropriated through this process, to their maximum extent possible. Could I challenge you to get the NASA folks, and the higher ed institutions, and others to try to work collaboratively? And as you, through this process, these coming months, let us see if we cannot take a critically important asset and make it as useful as possible so the next time we have a review committee they say we cannot afford to lose this.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Madam Director. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.