    Mr. Thompson. Mr. Chairman, thank you so much. Thank you to the witnesses for being here, lending your experience and expertise to a very important issue.    Mr. Batkins, I work hard every day to try to boost earnings of low income workers as co-chair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus. I believe that is the best way, most effective way to truly do that, through the provisions of opportunities for job training to get the skills/competencies.    This Committee, this whole Committee, Education and the Workforce Committee, has done an outstanding job with legislation. We have one that has crossed the finish line a year ago or so, the Workforce Innovation Opportunity Act, which is about job training. I think within the days to come, the ESSA, which really clears for the secondary levels a pathway for career and technical education training to have a better role within our schools.    The administration, on the other hand, has kind of a different opinion. As you know, in March 2014, the President issued an Executive Order directing Secretary of Labor Perez to update the so-called ``white collar regulations'' that establish overtime requirements for executive, administrative, and professional employees.    This proposed rule seeks to extend overtime pay in a broad fashion, and according to the administration, will boost the wages of millions of workers that are exempt from current regulations.    The Department of Labor estimates that average annualized direct employer costs will total up to $253 million per year, depending on the updating methodology.    Is this an effective tool to boost the earnings of low income workers? In other words, will this regulation have its intended effect?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. Mr. Beebe, I spent a lot of time visiting small businesses, the backbone of our economy, and talking with them. I have had numerous instances where I have gone and visited them at their request because of regulation concerns they have had, specifically where they have had an anonymous complaint placed by OSHA. They come in, they clear the complaint, but once they are in the door, they just nitpick and tear things apart.    That was not the disturbing part for me. It was the intimidation that OSHA did. These are businesses--one specific example, the employer said okay, what suggestion do you have, how do I correct this, so I can appeal it, and was told by OSHA, or the OSHA individual, well, you do not want to do that because if you do, the consequences could be greater.    It really was intimidation or fear of retribution.    A recent survey from the National Association of Manufacturers notes, ``small manufacturers pay more than three times as much as the average U.S. business.'' Can you explain how small business employment is negatively affected by regulation, and how do regulations impact larger companies differently?    Mr. Thompson. Very good. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let me just say in those situations where I found that, I found it helpful to call the local OSHA office and ask for a face to face meeting with somebody from that department to explain their actions. That has been somewhat effective, providing some good oversight, but it is unfortunate those actions are necessary where these businesses, small businesses in particular, feel intimidated and fear retribution.