    Mr. KELLY. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member. Thank you, witnesses, for being here.    Community banks are very important. I am from Mississippi, in a rural area with a lot of manufacturing, and a lot of agriculture. Quite frankly, it used to be the post office was the center of gravity for most small communities. The post office has consolidated, so now you have a town because you have a community bank. When you lose that bank, you lose the town. It is not just the banking. It is the guy who coaches softball or kids' baseball with you. It is the guy who goes to church with you on Sunday and sits by the pew. Your banker in those small communities is much more than your banker, and I understand that.    Unfortunately, based on your testimonies here today, it is not just Dodd-Frank. I can tell you my bankers do not have the same view as Mr. Stanley about Dodd-Frank and the impact it has on small banks. I can tell you they have talked to me again and again. I can tell you that the regulations are five binders this thick that they have to comply with, and they do not get paid for compliance. They have to comply with that, and they do not have the expertise. The net effect of that is a cost to the consumer, it has to be sucked up by the consumer because it is a nonrevenue-generating process.    Based on that, what is the impact that Dodd-Frank and other regulations have on the consumer and their financial ability to get along? Mr. Hanes?    Mr. KELLY. Let me follow up on that a little bit because my community seems like it is a lot like yours in Elkhart. A lot of my loans are not $50,000, and a lot of times they are for homes because the state prices are much better in rural areas. You can get a lot more house for a lot less money. It is also because of the same economic things where you do not have the steady W-2 necessarily. What impact does it have for those $50,000 or less loans, for folks that are not going to be able to get that money anywhere, which means they do not have a house and those things. Can you expand on that just a little bit?    Mr. KELLY. Mr. Chairman, if I can, I will let Mr. Beverage comment.    Mr. KELLY. My time is expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman, thank you.