    Mr. DeFazio. Better organized on the day.    Mr. DeFazio. We have one new member here today. That will be it. You would like me to----    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    Mr. DeFazio. Well, Jared is not here.    Mr. DeFazio. I know, but he is not here, so we aren't going to recognize him. Those who show up get rewarded, and those who don't.    Mr. Chairman, we have actually two new members, at the insistence of Mr. Nolan. Jared Huffman who is not here, so I won't go on about him, but I served with him on the Resources Committee, and he is very solid and will be a great contributor to the committee, and Julia Brownley who represents the smaller port of southern California, but yet a very important area and represents Ventura and that area around there and was also formally in the State assembly for was it----    Mr. DeFazio. Six years. And so we are looking forward to her contribution, and a major focus for her will be intermodal and port activities.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to be here today and begin the focus of this committee for FAA reauthorization on the certification process. Twenty-eight years on this committee and I have seen a lot of changes. One, I just like to recall, because it points to the balance in the certification process, and that is, when I was early on the committee, I always thought that the old rule is basically going back to the CAB days where the FAA was charged with both promoting and regulating the industry in the interest of public safety were in conflict, and I was assured time and time again they weren't. In fact, in the 1996 FAA reauthorization, my amendment to strip them of the promotional authority was defeated.    A little later that year, a ValuJet went down, and we found that because this was essentially a lack of oversight and accountability with a contractor to a subcontractor, that people had died, and oddly enough, in those days we followed the rules, but somehow they found, even though my amendment had been defeated and was in neither the Senate nor the House bill, I got a call saying where can we put it in the bill. And we put it in the bill, and we stripped virtually all of the promotional, you know, rules and regulations pertaining to the FAA from the bill to make it clear that they are an agency that regulates in the interest of the public and public safety, and that brings us here today.    Certification. It is critical. We have been, as the chairman said, and should and hope to continue to be the gold standard in terms of the safety in the industry. We have been the world leader in terms of innovation, and we need to balance these things as well and as best as we can. You know, I have very little patience for repetitive work, bureaucracy. We need a system that is risk-based, that sets proper prioritization, but it has to also be robust and faultless, and I don't think we are quite at that point on either side.    You know, I am going to ask unanimous consent to put in the record, and I would actually recommend it to members because of the testimony, I read all of it today, it is the most meaningful, it is from PASS , and they talk about problems with staffing. We can't pretend that we don't need to oversee the process even when we delegate, but more and more that is becoming the virtual reality. On the other hand, we can certainly do better on the agency level in terms of not going through repetitive processes.    Again, just ancient history, and I am sure this doesn't go on anymore, but many years ago I was visiting a manufacturer who made the film that goes inside the hull, essentially of the wallpaper in the airplane, and it had passed the flammability standards, and I said that is great, and they said, yeah, but, you know, we have to do it for every type. And I said, what do you mean for every type, and they said, well, you know, like 737-200, 737-300, 737-400. I said it is all the same hull, it is all the same interior, it is all the same flammability standard. They said, yeah, I know, but that is not the way the FAA does it.    I hope that doesn't go on today. That is nonsensical. We need to focus on new technologies. We need to focus on things that aren't repetitive, things that are risk-based, that, you know, that promote real, you know, potential threats to the integrity and the airworthiness of our aircraft.    I also note in the testimony, and I will get into it with GAO, that I believe that there are some barriers being artificially created by our friends in the EU and elsewhere where they use their processes to disadvantage American manufacturers and advantage their own, or in the case of the Chinese, where they basically ask you to give them every single technical detail and proprietary bit of information on how something was produced but don't worry, they won't copy it before they will certify it, and I don't believe that the FAA has pushed back hard enough against some of these other, you know, foreign civil aviation authorities in the EU and elsewhere to give us a level playing field, and that is something else that warrants examining.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Conner, you referred to international harmonization, and I would probably kind of like to have you expand on that, although I know there are oftentimes sensitivities since you do have to deal with some of these foreign entities on an ongoing basis, but you know, the FAA is, you know, say they are working with the European agency on a so-called mutual acceptance model. Do you have any thoughts on that, whether--you know, what sort of a priority that should be, what sorts of problems that could solve?    Mr. DeFazio. OK. Well, I won't ask you here but perhaps you might opine to me privately on how you see sometimes the regulatory structure being used on competitive or anticompetitive basis, and I would be interested in thoughts on that, but I won't ask you to do that publicly.    Mr. DeFazio. Yeah, I would love that.    And to follow up on your statements, Mr. Hilkemann, is, you know, one of the parts of the PASS testimony, since I know you are not here representing GAMA, but you know, you do--you are involved with them, and they are saying because--and you know, part of this is, you know, part of this is sometimes a bureaucratic problem, but sometimes it is a resource problem in terms of expertise or actual just people to staff these issues, and they are saying that what is happening is because of the demands on the oversight in other areas and new problems that are having to be dealt with such as unmanned aerial vehicles, that, you know, smaller businesses, manufacturers in avionics and other areas who can't afford to, you know, go to an ODA are getting into a longer and longer and longer line for certification, and do you have any thoughts on that? How we can address that?    Mr. DeFazio. Get a little closer to the mic.    Mr. DeFazio. Right.    Mr. DeFazio. All right. Do you think prioritization is an issue? I mean, you know, I mean, they pretty much work, at least in my experience in dealing with problems with certification, pretty good as it relates to fire fighting has been a perennial issue in my part of the country. There doesn't seem to be a prioritization process like, OK, fire season is coming, we really need to certify it. Well, there are 15 people who applied for this, this, and this which are not so time sensitive. I mean, do you think the process needs to set some levels of prioritization better or it sounds like your region works pretty well, but----    Mr. DeFazio. Yeah. OK. And just from the perspective of Boeing, you know, to me, I mean, part of the solution here is a risk-based system which, you know, where we are looking, you know, not spending much time on routine things, but we are spending time on critical components, do you think the FAA is doing a good job of that or could they do a better job of that?    Mr. DeFazio. All right. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. DeFazio. Bathroom break.    Mr. DeFazio. Too much information.    Mr. DeFazio. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Dr. Dillingham, on page 3 of your testimony, you talk about some other countries do not accept FAA certification to conduct their own approval process, which can be lengthy. You don't list them. Could you provide a list?    Mr. DeFazio. Detailed engineering and design criteria and coming over and observing the manufacturing process, and, of course, they are not going to copy it. Yeah, I got that. Right.    Mr. DeFazio. OK.    So that leads me to Ms. Baker. I know you are somewhat constrained, but he does point to a number of things, the processes of these other nations in terms of reciprocity. And in dealing with the EU, I note that they charge for certification, and we don't. And I know there is a provision of appropriations bill that says that we have to authorize a charge, but wouldn't it be great if you had a tool to say, Well, if you charge, we are going to charge you. So when Airbus wants certified, well, you are going to pay the same charges that Boeing has to pay in Europe.    Wouldn't that be reciprocal, and might that not get their attention?    Mr. DeFazio. Well, I mean, let's say, how far along are you then in getting them to reduce these charges voluntarily out of the goodness of their heart? You know, do you expect that to happen real soon? Yes or no.    Mr. DeFazio. Yeah, but maybe it is a little more, a few more tools are necessary.    And what about the Chinese, where we know what they are doing. What are we doing about that? I mean, they just want to be able to manufacture these things themselves. They are charging us--they send their people over here for 2 weeks for something that should take 1 day. We are required to pay for that. You know, are we working on some reciprocal arrangements with the Chinese that might get their attention?    Mr. DeFazio. Good for you, and I hope you do a lot more of that.    You know, we have the PASS testimony, which, unfortunately, wasn't available to be read or given here, but they are pointing to the fact that a lot of times inspectors only show up at, you know, an ODA once every couple of years, you know, that you don't have enough staff to really provide robust monitoring. I mean, do you feel comfortable about, you know, your capabilities? Are you using sort of targeting--I know that you try and target people you think are problematic and put more scrutiny on them. But it seems to me there just aren't enough inspectors.    Mr. DeFazio. OK. And just one other quick question. You know, when you give an ODA to a large organization, what is to prevent--in terms of your monitoring, what protections legally do we provide to the members of their ODA? I mean, do you think the firewalls are adequate? Are there special protections that are afforded? I know we have got the hotline, but that is generally for operational things more than these sorts of things. Do you think there are enough tools out there to avoid undue influence by companies that are trying to meet deadlines for new technology, for instance?    Mr. DeFazio. Will they get protection at that point, some whistleblower or something?    Yeah, I will be right with you Don. Yeah, well, Don, actually, the custom is--and I was very good before--that the ranking member gets a little more time. Yeah, well, that is true.    Mr. DeFazio. We will cut off at that point since the gentleman from Alaska has something urgent to add.