    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it. Thanks for holding this very important hearing.    Chairwoman Ramirez, I want to thank you and the Commission for your great efforts on behalf of the past on the campaign to educate seniors on schemes that could affect them.    I am also supportive of the Commission's effort to identify and bring enforcement actions against bad actors that specifically target older Americans. Although the FTC has not yet seen increased rates of fraud in older Americans versus other populations, I am concerned that, as the population ages and more older Americans begin using the internet regularly, that these trends will be accompanied by fraud targeting seniors.    It has been about 2 years since the Pass It On Campaign began. Do you have any thoughts as to what has worked best in this outreach campaign and what lessons other outreach organizations might learn from the Commission's experiences along the way?    Mr. Bilirakis. Well, thank you for focusing on that.    Your testimony also states that the Commission already reports on its performance base for the following year and its strategic plan, as required by the GPRA. This is a useful document that provides some of the highlights of the Commission's plans. However, is the FTC currently required by statute to specifically list its planned workshops, rulemakings, and plans to develop guidelines as far as a strategic plan? If you can answer that question, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Bilirakis. Again, staying on this topic, the FTC's strategic plan states that the Commission conducts workshops as a form of research, stakeholder outreach, and to advance the agency's understanding of certain issues. Again, how does the Commission decide which topics to pursue in workshops? Who is part of that decisionmaking process? Does the Commission solicit any public feedback in determining what topics to cover in its workshops?    Mr. Bilirakis. Thank you very much. It is very informative. I appreciate it.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.