    Mr. Franks. The Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice will come to order. Without objection the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Committee at any time. I want to thank all of you for being here.    You know, given the subject of this hearing, it seems appropriate to me that we all remind ourselves that the very bedrock foundation principle that gave birth to America in the first place was the conviction that all human beings are children of God and that they are created equal in his sight.    Throughout America's history we have struggled to fulfill that conviction in our national life. It took a Civil War in this Nation to make the 7,000-year-old, State-sanctioned practice of human slavery to come to an end, and ultimately it did so across the world.    American women overcame the mindless policy that deprived them of the right to vote in America. Then this Nation charged into Europe and arrested the hellish Nazi holocaust. We crushed the Ku Klux Klan and prevailed in the dark days of our own civil rights struggle.    And so, in many ways we have made great progress in the area of civil rights in this country. But there is one glaring exception: We have overlooked unborn children and that life itself is the most foundational civil right of all. The result is that today in America between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1 in 2, are killed before they are born, which is a greater cause of death for African-Americans than heart disease, cancer, diabetes, AIDS, and violence combined.    An Hispanic child is three times more likely to be aborted than a White child. A Black child is five times more likely to be aborted than a White child. More than 14 million African-American babies have been aborted since Roe v. Wade. It translates to over one-fourth of the African-American population in America today. When you add that to the thousands of little girls who have been aborted in America simply because they are little girls instead of little boys, these are travesties that should assault the mind and conscience of every American.    In the course of the Committee's investigation into Planned Parenthood, we have discovered that it is training clinic staff to answer questions from patients about sex selection and race selection abortions. Planned Parenthood physicians are clearly being confronted with the issue of whether or not a child can knowingly be aborted when the underlying reason is discriminatory.    Currently only eight States prohibit abortions for the reason of sex selection at some point during the pregnancy. My home State of Arizona also prohibits sex selection and race-based abortions.    Now, the subject of the hearing today, the Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act, restricts sex selection abortion and race selection abortion, and the coercion of a women to obtain either. The bill holds abortionists who prey on women accountable for their actions while holding the women on whom the abortion is performed harmless under the law.    Now, there will be those who will say that this bill has a much larger agenda; and let me respond simply by saying that I sincerely and passionately hope that they are right. I truly hope that the debate and passage of this bill will call all Americans in and outside of Congress to an inward and heartfelt reflection upon the humanity of unborn children and the inhumanity of what is being done to them in 2016 in the land of the free and the home of the brave.    Across human history the greatest voices among us have always emphasized the critical responsibility of each of us to recognize and cherish the divine light of eternity shining in the soul of every last one of our fellow human beings.    In 1847, Frederick Douglass said, ``Right is of no sex, truth is of no color, God is the father of us all and all our brethren.'' In Matthew 25, Jesus said, ``Inasmuch as you have done and one of the least of these my brethren and you have done it under me.'' Thomas Jefferson said, ``The care of human life and its happiness and not its destruction is the chief and only object of good government.''    Ladies and gentlemen, I know that when the subject is related in any way to abortion, the doors of reason and human compassion in our minds and hearts often close, and the humanity of the unborn can oftentimes no longer be seen. But this is the civil rights struggle that will define our generation. And I hope this hearing today will begin to open our hearts and minds again.    And with that, I would now yield to the Ranking Member for his opening statement.    Mr. Franks. Without objection.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman and I would now yield to the Ranking Member of the full Committee, Mr. Conyers of Michigan.    Mr. Franks. And I thank the gentleman. And without objection, the other Members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    And before I introduce the witnesses, it looks like they have called votes on us and I cannot imagine that the leadership would dare call a vote without checking with us first, but that is what they have done. So we will be breaking momentarily, but before we break I would first like to ask for unanimous consent to submit three items for the record.    The first is a statement prepared by Alveda King, who currently serves as pastoral associate and director of Civil Rights for the Unborn and for Priests for Life. She is also the daughter of Reverend A.D. King and the niece of Dr. Martin Luther King. She has also submitted to this Committee a blog post she posted on February 3, 2014, and I am grateful for her post and for her contribution.    Last, I would like to submit for the record a statement prepared by Reggie Littlejohn on sex selection abortion occurring in the United States and abroad and without objection it would be entered into the record.    Mr. Franks. And at this time, then, I will adjourn the Committee and we will come back and we will introduce all of you and proceed with testimony. I am sorry the vote is going be a little bit long, but we will get back as soon as we can. Thank you all, and we are in recess.    Mr. Franks. This meeting will come to order. Thank you all for waiting so patiently. And we will now introduce our witnesses.    And our first witness is Catherine Davis. Ms. Davis is a founding member of the National Black Pro-Life Coalition, and founder and president of the Restoration Project. She often partners with the National Black Pro-Life Coalition, the Network of Politically Active Christians, and the Frederick Douglas Foundation, in an ongoing effort to educate Americans about the issues that are impacting the Black community.    Our second witness is Anna Higgins. Ms. Higgins is an attorney and associate scholar at the Charlotte Lozier Institute, a research and education institution dedicated to bringing together physicians, sociologists, statisticians, and policy researchers on a wide range of life issues. She has previously held the position of director of the Center for Human Dignity at the Family Research Council.    Our third witness is Miriam Yeung. Ms. Yeung is the executive director of the National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum, a multi-issue progressive organization dedicated to social justice and human rights for Asian, and Pacific Islander women and girls in the U.S.    The current priorities include winning rights for immigrant women, organizing nail salon workers for safer working conditions, conducting community based participatory research with young API women, and ending human trafficking.    Our fourth and final witness is Reverend Derek McCoy. Reverend McCoy is the National Clergy Relations Director for the Center of Urban Renewal and Education, a non-profit think tank dedicated to addressing the issues of race and poverty through the principals of faith, freedom, and personal responsibility. He previously served as the president of the Maryland Family Alliance, and Maryland Family Council. I just want to welcome all of you. Thank you for being here.    Now, each of the witnesses written statements will be entered into the record in its entirety. And I would ask that each of you summarize your testimony in 5 minutes or less. To help you stay within that time there is a timing light in front of you. The light will switch from green to yellow, indicating that you have 1 minute to conclude your testimony. When the light turns red it indicates that the witness' 5 minutes have expired.    And before I recognize the witness, it is the tradition of the Subcommittee that they be sworn. So, if you please stand to be sworn.    Do you solemnly swear that the testimony that you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you god? Please be seated.    Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative. And I would now recognize our first witness, Ms. Davis. And, Ms. Davis, if you pull that microphone to you and turn it on before beginning.    Mr. Franks. Thank you for being here.    Mr. Franks. Thank you Ms. Davis. I now recognize our second witness, Ms. Higgins. And, Ms. Higgins, if you will pull that microphone toward you and make sure that it is on.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Ms. Higgins. And we now recognize Ms. Yeung.    Mr. Franks. Thank you Ms. Yeung. And I would now--Reverend McCoy please.    Mr. Franks. Let's pull that microphone up close to you, sir, and make sure it is on.    Mr. Franks. Okay, sir. Thank you. TESTIMONY OF DEREK McCOY, REVEREND. NATIONAL CLERGY RELATIONS     Mr. Franks. Thank you, ma'am. Ms. Higgins, I am about out of time here, but in light of the Supreme Court's decision and reasoning in Gonzales v. Carhart, they talked about protecting the health of the mother, and also the government interest in protecting the reputation in the medical community, preserving the integrity and ethics of the medical profession, and promoting societal respect for unborn life. What arguments do you believe could be made in favor of PRENDA, prohibition of both discriminatory abortions and coerced abortions based on that decision?    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Ms. Higgins. I thank all of you. And I will now recognize Mr. Deutch for 5 minutes.    Mr. Franks. Without objection.    Mr. Franks. All right. Without objection.    Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Franks. I thank the gentleman. We will take a second round here so that you folks have been so kind to stick around for a while. You know, I have heard a lot here about types of discrimination and gender inequity. And those are all issues that I am deeply concerned about. But it occurs to me that if a little girl is aborted before she is born, based on the fact that she is a little girl rather than a little boy that it then becomes impossible to reach any other area of discrimination that might have occurred in the life she might have had.    Sometimes it is good to come back to earth here a little bit. We are talking around the issue. And, Ms. Higgins, I wonder if you would do us all the favor of saying, specifically in fairly simple terms that those of us who are not lawyers can understand, what does this bill actually do?    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Ms. Higgins. And, Reverend McCoy, I will turn to you. You know, I heard again today some concerns about the gender pay gap, and I understand that concern. But, you know, in this case we are trying to--and essentially address a gender survival gap, you know, whether or not these children survive or not. And, unfortunately, across the world, one of the most lethal phrases that you can imagine anymore is, ``It is a girl.''    And I wonder, you know, there was a famous Democrat running for president, Mr. Humphrey, that said, you know, that, ``Society will be judged by how it treats those in the dawn of life, those in the shadows of life, and those in the twilight of life.'' And you say something along those lines in your testimony. ``A Nation will be judged on how they protect the most vulnerable of their society.''    In your opinion, how well have we done that?    Mr. Franks. Thank you Reverend McCoy, and Mr. Deutch.    Mr. Franks. Mr. Jordan.    Mr. Franks. Thank you Mr. Jordan. You know, I think it probably is important to remind ourselves what the bill here before us really does. It says that, ``In America you cannot discriminate against an innocent unborn child by subjecting them to an abortion based on their race or sex.'' We protect people in employment decisions. We protect people in housing decisions. All kinds of things based on race or sex. But when we try to protect little babies from being killed on the basis of race or sex, rather than that being the center of the debate, we get all these other kinds of discussions.    And I would just suggest to you that, if taking the life of a little baby because it is a little girl instead of a little boy--if that is not wrong, then I do not know what is wrong. I mean, I would be open to hearing suggestions. If deliberately targeting a minority community and seeing that community devastated as a result--if that is not wrong, then I do not what is wrong.    Sooner or later, this country will have a time of reflection because future generations will see this change, just as we did in some of the past tragedies. And whatever time we spent ourselves will either be judged in the eyes of history or the eyes of eternity. And I want to thank all of you for coming here. And I would like to ask Ms. Davis if she has a final thought.    Mr. Franks. Thank you, Ms. Davis.    Mr. Franks. I am sorry, Ms. Yeung. I did not call on you. We are about out of time here. This is my time.    Mr. Franks. Ma'am, this is my time. I guess, the real question here is does the abortion really kill a little child?    Mr. Franks. If it does not, then I am through talking about it. But if it does, then those of us in this room, whether we know it or not, are standing in the midst of the greatest human genocide in the history of humanity. And history will not only reflect that, the posterity----    Mr. Franks. Somehow the notion of protecting little girls because they are not as--somehow, that you think that, somehow, that it is okay to take the life of a little girl because she is a little girl instead of a little boy. If that is your position, I think it speaks for itself.    And, with that, it concludes today's hearing. Thanks to all of our witnesses, and Ms. Yeung, thanks to you for attending.    Without objection, all Members will have 5 legislative days to submit additional written questions for their witnesses, or additional materials for the record. And I thank the witnesses, and I thank the Members, and I thank the audience. And, with that, this hearing is adjourned.