    Mr. Mukasey. I think actually mister is better. I prefer it. But thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and Ranking Member Cohen. I appreciate the opportunity to appear here in relation to what I think is an enormously important issue, and that relates to how our laws and regulations are enforced.    And I am not going to read my statement into the record, not for the reasons that the Ranking Member mentioned, but rather because I think it is already in the record, and I think it is better simply to summarize and point out what the point is I am trying to make, which is that if--when enforcing laws and regulations stops being about simply the neutral application of neutral principles, and get incentives built into it that either permit regulators or enforcers to further their own agendas--which may include the public interest, or may include perpetuating their own activities, or further the agendas of others--then you create perverse incentives, and in that situation, it is not surprising that you often get perverse results.    There are numerous cases that one could point to. The Vascular Solutions case involving a company that was selling a licensed-by-the-FDA device that was useful in treating vein disorders was able to--through results that it became aware of through physicians--found out that that device could also treat related vein disorders and so advised doctors.    They were prosecuted for 2 years for promoting an off-label use of the device, and it took them 2 years and millions of dollars to get cleared until acquittal was returned by a jury. That should not happen. That is an example of creating and permitting perverse results in law enforcement.    There are other examples. Gibson Guitar case is probably a museum-quality example. The company was prosecuted for importing wood that was gathered in violation, not of the laws of the United States, but in violation of the laws of a South American country. They had no idea that those laws were violated, but there was a provision in the regulations that made it unlawful to import wood that was harvested in violation of foreign law. Not only did they get prosecuted, but there were fines extracted from them that were then used to contribute to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation, even though that had absolutely nothing to do with the claimed violation that they had committed.    There are a lot of other examples. The U.S. Department of Justice has an asset forfeiture--an equitable sharing program that it has entered into with the State, in which State police in essence have an incentive to stop people and seize money, which they then share with the Federal Government.    Again, they share it supposedly for law enforcement uses, but the unregulated seizure and sharing of money is something that has gotten completely outside the control of the Congress, which is supposed to be in charge of allocating money, in charge of dispersing money, and instead leaves it to the discretion of people in the agencies. That is not the way, I think, the Constitution was written. It is not, I think, the way the founders envisioned the system would work, and it is not the way, I think, the system should work. Thank you.    Mr. Mukasey. You are correct that I did not have an opportunity to mull that over, except during the period that you were asking the question. However, my understanding of what you have suggested is that in essence, a law gets passed providing for an earmark, it goes to the President's desk, gets signed, but that a superseding law can then undo the initial law and--when it is appropriate. I see no problem with that, and obviously each house has the power to set its own rules. That is right in the Constitution. The House of Representative is supposed to initiate all bills having to do with raising and disbursement. That is in the Constitution. So I see nothing to impede that kind of procedure, and as a matter of policy, it sounds very wise, because it allows people initially to put forward earmarks. The ones that can survive scrutiny will survive. The ones that cannot will not, and all in all, I think it makes perfectly good sense.    Mr. Mukasey. As reflected in the particular program that I was referring to.    Mr. Mukasey. That is the division of spoils between the DOJ and State.    Mr. Mukasey. Correct.    Mr. Mukasey. I do not.    Mr. Mukasey. I am sorry to interrupt. It is one of those bright ideas that sounds bright when you first think of it, and may have advantages, but then when it goes into practice, some things that are not so right about it emerge.    Mr. Mukasey. Not sure when it started. I know that there was a Washington Post series back in 2014, I think that exposed it, and it has been cut back substantially. Of course, the cutback is entirely voluntary by the Justice Department, and it is self-policed. I hope it is policed well, but, you know, one never knows.    Mr. Mukasey. It is, and I mean, they will take the money immediately. You may get it back at some point, but it is not going to be until you have spilled a whole lot of blood and money in order--trying to get it done.    Mr. Mukasey. In some instances, it does. You have people who have businesses that are high-cash businesses that wind up transporting cash, get pulled over, and they are accused of planning structuring, or money laundering. The money is seized, and it is sometimes years before they get it back.    Mr. Mukasey. Back in my youth, when I was assistant U.S. attorney, we prosecuted a bunch of police officers who started out that way, seizing assets, using them for public purposes, and wound up seizing assets and using them for their own purposes and keeping the money and selling the drugs. So, you really create a slippery slope.    Mr. Mukasey. Well, they come through our firm. We have----    Mr. Mukasey. Right, they did.    Mr. Mukasey. I think that that whole system needs a whole lot of reform. You start out with the fact that many corporations--and I am not here to, you know, as a bleeding heart for corporations--but many corporations cannot take defending themselves against charges. Drug companies, for example----    Mr. Mukasey . Will suffer--pardon?    Mr. Mukasey. Medical device companies will suffer debarment if they are even charged, so they do not fight. It is cheaper for them as a business matter to settle, and they do, and permit a deferred prosecution agreement in which they state certain things that may or may not be true, and then are barred by the terms of the agreement from ever challenging them publically.    In fact, those agreements sometimes provide that if anybody at the company issues a statement that is contrary to the statement of facts to which the company agreed in the deferred prosecution agreement, the government can go back and prosecute them.    Mr. Mukasey. I mean, the contribution to his alma mater?    Mr. Mukasey. That is kind of legendary in the department.    Mr. Mukasey. Well, it was his alma mater.    Mr. Mukasey. Not his best moment.