    Chairman Chaffetz. The Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    The title of today's hearing is about the EPA mismanagement. This is the second hearing we have had. We had one back in April. And once again we find ourselves at a hearing examining the management failures at the EPA.    Allegations before us today are disturbing and sound strikingly similar to a hearing this committee held just a few months ago. In April, we discussed Peter Jutro, the former EPA manager who had a history of serial harassment. Mr. Jutro harassed at least 16 women, with 13 of them filing formal complaints of misconduct to management. These reports, unfortunately, fell on deaf ears. In fact, EPA leadership continued to promote Mr. Jutro even though he continued to harass his female coworkers.    The EPA Office of Inspector General launched an investigation in August of 2014 into alleged acts of sexual harassment by Peter Jutro. During the course of its investigation, the EPA OIG corroborated the sexual harassment of a 21-year-old female intern at the Smithsonian and uncovered other allegations of Jutro's sexual harassment of female EPA employees throughout his 31-year career at the agency.    Senior officials at the EPA may have known about Mr. Jutro's misconduct prior to the intern incident, but it did not take necessary steps to corroborate that information while promoting him to the Acting Associate Administrator position in February of 2014. They failed to contact Mr. Jutro's direct supervisor, who knew of the allegations against Mr. Jutro, and verbally counseled him on multiple occasions for inappropriate behavior. When the EPA inspector general attempted to interview Mr. Jutro a second time, the Agency allowed Mr. Jutro to retire, blocking the OIG from pursuing the investigation further.    The deep concern here is that--people are going to do stupid things. That is going to happen. We are a very forgiving society. But when you have somebody who repeats this behavior that is absolutely and totally unacceptable and does so time and time again, there needs to be consequences, not promotions. And it is of deep concern to this committee, to this Congress, on both sides of the aisle, that when these things are brought forward, that they are dealt with.    The situation that we are dealing with here today is another very unfortunate situation, to say the least, of a young woman who was harassed. And then it was compounded by the fact that the people who were trying to investigate it and hold people accountable were retaliated against.    So today we are discussing new allegations of sexual harassment along with employer retaliation in EPA's Region 5 Chicago office. Sadly, this incident is almost identical to the Jutro situation. Here a 24-year-old research fellow is the victim of a sexual harassment by a 62-year-old employee by the name of Paul Bertram. The victim in this case--and I would admonish our members here and the people that are on the panel today, we do not want to refer to this victim by name. She deserves our utmost respect. I do not want you to use her name. Call her the victim, Intern X, but we are not to use her name in this hearing here today. We are trying to protect her identity. She deserves better in her young career as she is starting forward.    But in her statement, when she put forward what she went through, the way she described it is this perpetrator, Mr. Paul Bertram, inappropriately hugged her, rubbed her back, grabbed her, rubbed her hands, touched her knees, kissed her, made suggestive comments, and engaged in unsolicited physical and verbal contact. This happened countless times over a period of years. The consequence? They moved the 62-year-old's cubicle. That was one of the consequences.    Unfortunately, he had a history of this. This was not just the first time. This was not just an isolated incident. What we are going to hear today is this had happened several times before. And when it happens, you have got to deal with it and protect, in this case, the young women in the office because it creates such a toxic environment.    The overwhelming majority of people at the EPA, the overwhelming majority of people that work in our Federal Government, they are good, honest, decent people. They do not do this. But it taints the whole atmosphere. In fact, one of the most toxic environments we have is at the EPA. How ironic. The mission of the EPA is to protect the environment, protect the people. The problem is the EPA does not protect its own employees.    And we have got good people here today who are in a position to do something about it. They did. They did their work. But then they were retaliated against. That only compounds it and makes it worse.    Our witnesses today believe the EPA management in Chicago retaliated against the employees who investigated the victims' accusations of sexual harassment. Three of these employees are testifying today--three of them. This is not just one person saying: Oh, I was singled out. Three of them. And there are more. I applaud them for being brave enough to come before this committee today and to tell their story.    Other employees have submitted written testimony. And one passage from Ms. Deborah Lamberty--I hope I pronounced her name properly--is a perfect example of what these employees are facing, but it is so fundamentally wrong at every level. And I read from what she wrote: ``Retaliation is not always loud and full of itself. It can be quiet and chilling, the soul-crushing kind, the kind that leaves you alone in your cubicle in tears in the middle of the day.''    That is so wrong. We would be deficient in our jobs if we did not highlight this. We are here to help solve this. We are Oversight, but we are also Government Reform, and if we have to keep doing this, we are going to keep doing it. But if we do not shine the light on it, it is not going to get solved. Something is wrong when multiple employees come to Congress and attempt to get attention of the EPA management.    I would like to enter into the record, I ask unanimous consent to enter into the record a letter from the National Treasury Employees Union, somebody I do not always agree with. On July 1 of 2015, they wrote this letter to myself and Mr. Cummings, the ranking member.    I will read one sentence from it. ``Our trust and confidence in the EPA leadership has sunk to an abysmal level, and we respectfully submit to you that more remains to be done in order to correct this unacceptable situation.'' I ask unanimous consent to enter this into the record. Without objection, it is so ordered. Thank you.    High-performing employees, people who are optimistic about their country, passionate about their work, concerned about their environment, trying to do a patriotic job, earn a living, and support their family, it is so discouraging when they see management rewarded for bad behavior and ignoring clear signs of misconduct.    Like I said, this is not common. It is not regular. But when it does happen, every red flashing light in the building better go off at every level in Washington, D.C., in Chicago, and other places, and there can never be the retaliation like we are about to hear today.    Again, I want to be careful about the treatment of this young woman. Please refrain from using her name. I look forward to having this hearing here today.    And I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any member who would like to submit any written statement.    We would now like to recognize our first panel of witnesses. And I want to say at the onset, we do appreciate these people being here. This is not common to come testify in front of Congress, as we have many people that come on a regular basis. These are people that are serving on the front lines and doing the good work for this country, and we thank them for being here.    We are pleased to be joined by Ronald Harris, who works at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. He is served at the EPA for 26 years in such positions as property supply specialist, grant specialist, labor relations specialist, and EEO manager. Mr. Harris was reassigned to unclassified duties at the Employees Services Branch in the Health and Safety Office. We look forward to hearing his comments.    We appreciate, as I read your bio, your participation and your service in the United States military. We thank for that service as well.    We have Carolyn Bohlen.    Did I pronounce that properly?    Dr. Carolyn Bohlen is a distinguished manager and supervisor with more than 30 national and regional awards over her 28-year career at the EPA. Her awards range from Outstanding Achievement in Equal Employment Opportunity, presented by Susan Hedman, to the Federal Manager of the Year Award. She has quite a distinguished career, and we are honored that she is here with us today.    Mr. Ross Tuttle is also with us here. He began his career in the EPA in 2009 as a human capital officer, a senior manager position for Region 5. He currently works in Region 6 as a senior supervisor to the regional administrator.    We also, as I read your bio, I thank you for your service in the United States military as well.    Karen Kellen is joining us. She currently serves as the President of the American Federation of Government Employees and is an enforcement attorney for the EPA.    And we thank you again for being here with us today.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. So if you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Thank you.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth?    Thank you. You may be seated.    Let the record reflect that all witnesses answered in the affirmative.    In order to allow time for discussion and the fact that panel two will include the EPA Administrator, we would appreciate it if you would limit your verbal comments to 5 minutes. Your entire written statement will be entered into the record, and as we go through the hearing today, if there are additional comments, information that you would like to provide to the committee, we would obviously welcome that on a timely basis.    But if you could please limit your comments to 5 minutes. We will start with Mr. Harris and go down the line. And then after that we will go to the question section.    Mr. Harris, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. We will put your entire statement into the record. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. We have questions, so we want to get to your questions. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. Dr. Bohlen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Dr. Bohlen, thank you. We have your full written statement, and we want to get to the questions.    Chairman Chaffetz. We are going to run short on that. So we are going to elect to err on the side of having more times for questions.    Mr. Tuttle, you are now recognized for 5 minutes. And remember, you can summarize this. We have got the full written statement.    Mr. Tuttle is now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Ms. Kellen, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    What I would like to do is talk specifically about the case with Intern X, as we are referring to her. Please, I admonish members, the people on the panel today, do not use this person's name.    Paul Bertram was accused of harassing several women over the course of time, and specifically I want you to give me your firsthand account of what she went through. What do you know specifically about this case involving Paul Bertram? What was his history, and what happened specifically to this intern? What was your findings, your personal involvement in that?    And we'll start with Mr. Harris.    Chairman Chaffetz. And what happened? What ultimately happened?    Chairman Chaffetz. Why couldn't she do anything internally in the office, I mean, make a complaint?    Chairman Chaffetz. But what happened? They just moved the cubicle, that is all they did?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you say moved the cubicle, like how far?    Chairman Chaffetz. So that was going to solve the problem, move it four cubicles down?    Chairman Chaffetz. Dr. Bohlen, what was Paul Bertram doing to this intern?    Chairman Chaffetz. And what happened?    Chairman Chaffetz. What is Mr. Mathur doing now?    Chairman Chaffetz. What happened to Paul Bertram?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. How many previous reprimands had Dr. Bertram had?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Chair, I yield back my time.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. Gowdy.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I will now recognize myself. Mr. Cummings and I have just a couple followup questions, and then we'll get to the Administrator.    I need to understand the involvement of Susan Hedman. Have you any personal experience with any sort of retaliation from Susan Hedman herself?    Mr. Harris, go ahead.    Chairman Chaffetz. Dr. Bohlen?    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    Mr. Tuttle?    Chairman Chaffetz. And, Mr. Tuttle, I haven't heard from you directly verbally here about the Intern X. What did you find? What did you hear? And were there other incidents that this Paul Bertram was involved with? What was your finding?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people, and how far back did it go in the record?    Chairman Chaffetz. In your professional opinion, how would you categorize Mr. Bertram? Was he a predator? Was he a serial--I do not want to put words in your mouth.    Chairman Chaffetz. Was there any discussion about a criminal referral? Because, in my opinion, in Mr. Gowdy's opinion, what he did was illegal.    Chairman Chaffetz. Dr. Bohlen, it seemed like you wanted to add something.    Chairman Chaffetz. So what you are saying is it was more important to the EPA to get the grant money and to get the grant done than it was to hold him accountable for----    Chairman Chaffetz. It is disgusting. Absolutely disgusting.    I now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to thank you all for being brave enough to come here and testify. It will make a difference. We do listen to what you have. We do want to continue to follow up with you.    And I concur with our ranking member here. The passion that he puts into this and the caring that he has we all appreciate. And you keep us up to speed, and we got your back.    We are going to stand in recess for approximately 5 minutes while we reset, and then we will start our second panel with the Administrator.    Chairman Chaffetz. The committee will come to order.    We are pleased to welcome the Honorable Gina McCarthy, Administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency.    And, Administrator, we appreciate you being here. You have regularly testified before Congress. You have made yourself available, and to that we are very appreciative, as I know other committees are.    It is not always an easy thing to come and testify before Congress, but I do believe it is one of the unique things and great things about the United States of America, the way we operate. We have these discussions with candor. We ask tough and difficult questions. It is part of the checks and balances. And your personal involvement and participation is very much appreciated. And we recognize that, and we thank you.    As you know, pursuant to committee rules, witnesses are to all be sworn before they testify. So if you would please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the whole truth, the truth, and nothing but the truth?    Thank you.    Let the record reflect that the witness answered in the affirmative.    We would appreciate it if you would limit your verbal comments to 5 minutes, but we will be very generous with that. And, of course, your entire written statement will be entered into the record.    Administrator McCarthy, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Do you believe the three witnesses that were here prior, do you believe they wereretaliated against?    Chairman Chaffetz. Not in any way, shape, or form?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, no. This is not the question I asked you. I do not want to know about your background. I want to know if you think that they were retaliated against.    Chairman Chaffetz. We heard nearly 2 hours of testimony, and you believe that their statements are false.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, they said that they were each retaliated against, and you said that is not the case.    Chairman Chaffetz. And part of the criticism----    Chairman Chaffetz. Mr. Tuttle has a lower grade, less responsibility. You do not think that that was a result of some of his complaints against management?    Chairman Chaffetz. What is----    Chairman Chaffetz. What is your definition of ``sexual harassment''?    Chairman Chaffetz. When you say ``not tolerated,'' they have documented multiple cases, up to 10 times, of sexual harassment against this intern. Did you ever do----    Chairman Chaffetz. Hold on. Hold on.    Chairman Chaffetz. Was there any criminal referral?    Chairman Chaffetz. The answer is no. And I want to----    Chairman Chaffetz. You said that the definition of ``sexual harassment,'' you agree, is what is in law. So if there is--if it is illegal, the kissing, the touching, the inappropriate behavior is against the law, why did not you refer that for criminal prosecution?    Chairman Chaffetz. Which agencies?    Chairman Chaffetz. That is within your own agency.    Chairman Chaffetz. It is against the law. It is against your own policies and procedures. What these people testified to is they had to step up, go to the mat, and say--offering a reprimand is not sufficient. I want to know why somebody----    Chairman Chaffetz. Not the--the problem is they had 10 victims to get to that point.    Now, I grant it, you were not the Administrator the entire time. I understand that. But this predator, the quote we heard, this was a predator who was fed a steady diet of interns. The first time it happened he should've been fired, and he should've probably been referred to the authorities for criminal prosecution. It happened 10 times, and you never did that.    Chairman Chaffetz. You still haven't done that on this person.    Chairman Chaffetz. Appropriately? He got a promotion. He----    Chairman Chaffetz. --continued to work there.    Chairman Chaffetz. Watched?    Chairman Chaffetz. Who was watching him?    Chairman Chaffetz. You moved his cubicle four spaces away. You think that is appropriate?    What do you say to the mother and father who sent their 24-year-old to the EPA, she is starting her career, and she is harassed? Look at her statement. And you did the appropriate thing by moving her four cubicles away?    Chairman Chaffetz. That is not good enough.    Chairman Chaffetz. When somebody is sexually harassed, you send them to the authorities. You fire them.    Chairman Chaffetz. You sent them to Human Resources, who wanted to reprimand him. You never did send him to the criminal referral.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is not what initially happened. It was in his record that they had had 10 complaints, 10 sexual harassment complaints, against this gentleman, and he was allowed to continue to be there. And, as we heard testimony, a predator who was fed a steady diet of interns.    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you fire him, or was he allowed to retire?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe this intern who said that there was sexual harassment? Do you believe that her statement is true?    Chairman Chaffetz. Then why did not you refer it for a criminal referral? Why did not you give it as a criminal referral? If you believe that her statement is true and it was sexual harassment and that is a violation of the law and you allowed him to just retire, why did not you send that to the proper authorities?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you think it is appropriate--do you think it is against the law to sexually harass somebody at work?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did you let any of the law enforcement officers know?    Chairman Chaffetz. I've got two young daughters, too----    Chairman Chaffetz. --and I would never send them to the EPA. it is the most toxic place to work I've ever heard of.    This person, this 24-year-old girl, she is starting her career; she is harassed over a 3-year period. And you admit that that is a violation of the law. Why did not you do the criminal referral?    Chairman Chaffetz. When she did speak up.    Chairman Chaffetz. When she did speak up.    Chairman Chaffetz. Looking at the record now, are you going to do a criminal referral?    You have got to ask somebody? You are the Administrator.    Chairman Chaffetz. You are happy. I do not want you to be happy. I want you to do the right thing. He should have been fired, and, at the very least, you should do a criminal referral.    How many times does this happen and you do not do a criminal referral? I mean, we had the case where we had to bring you up and talk about Mr. Jutro. So why is there such a toxic environment?    I want to know why there's no criminal referral. You did not do it then, and you are not willing to do it now. Why?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you believe you have an obligation under the law if you know of sexual harassment----    Chairman Chaffetz. --to report that to the legal authorities?    Chairman Chaffetz. Your appropriate steps were to move him four cubicles away. Do you think that was appropriate?    Chairman Chaffetz. I've given you probably a dozen chances to say--and I will give you one more time before I recognize Mr. Cummings. If you have knowledge of criminal activity, do you believe you have an obligation to report that to law enforcement?    Chairman Chaffetz. And that is the crying shame, because you know what? Sexual harassment, it is a crime. And you need to take it more seriously. And it needs to go to the legal authorities. And that is the failing on your watch, on what you are doing.    Chairman Chaffetz. You did not separate----    Chairman Chaffetz. --him. You did not move him away.    Chairman Chaffetz. Anybody who looks at this case, you fell far short of that.    I now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from Arizona, Mr. Gosar.    Chairman Chaffetz. Hearing no concerns, without objection, so ordered.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    We'll now recognize the gentlewoman from Wyoming, Mrs. Lummis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentlewoman.    I now recognize the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, Ms. Norton, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Well, with all due respect, we are almost 3 minutes over. I am just--I just tapped.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thanks.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Georgia, Mr. Hice, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman.    We will now recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    As we wrap----    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. We would appreciate your following up with Mr. Palmer on that.    Chairman Chaffetz. As we wrap up here, I have just a few, sort of, cleanup questions here.    Can you provide this committee the bonuses, if any, that Mr. Paul Bertram received over the last 10 years?    Chairman Chaffetz. And Susan Hedman, could we also look at those for the past 10 years, as well?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes. Bonuses----    Chairman Chaffetz. --for the last 10 years. We would appreciate that.    Chairman Chaffetz. She was the person in charge with all of these incidents that we have been talking about, the sexual harassment incidents, not the other issues that were sort of off-topic. What is your assessment of her performance in this?    Chairman Chaffetz. Regarding the sexual harassment issues, the retaliation, et cetera.    Chairman Chaffetz. And I guess that is the concern. I mean, it is risen to the level that we are having congressional hearings about this. We have expressed concern about this. These problems keep happening.    Chairman Chaffetz. And, you know, it is one thing when you get one person complaining; it is another thing when you get three. And their testimony is consistent. Their authenticity seems to be as real as it gets.    Our professional staff have spoken to the victim here, one of multiple victims that were at the hands of Paul Bertram. And what is just sick and disgusting----    Chairman Chaffetz. --is that it was allowed to continue through years.    And we have brought this issue to you before, about when somebody does this and they do look at it, I do not understand why it is not in their record so that the next time they go to get a bonus or a promotion or come to some conclusion, that somebody can't look back at this and say--I mean, first of all, it should never get to the second time, ever. But, in this case, we are talking about 10 times.    Now, I respect the idea that you were not the Administrator the entire time. But it is your watch, and you have been there for a few years now. And we had a hearing about this earlier this year.    Chairman Chaffetz. What specifically are you doing, not about issuing, ``Hey, here's our sexual harassment policy,'' which is important, but what are you doing to make sure that nobody but nobody is allowed to get a bonus or promotion if they participate in sexual harassment?    And are you doing anything to look back into the record and find those people who have a serial problem with harassing women in particular? And it can happen to men, too, but the cases we have heard have been primarily towards young, entry-level women.    Chairman Chaffetz. What exactly are you, as the Administrator, doing to get rid of those bad apples so we do not ruin somebody else's life? Because the atmosphere that we hear about today, it is still going on. I have no trust or belief that you have actually solved the problem.    Chairman Chaffetz. I know, but what is it? What are you doing?    Chairman Chaffetz. I just do not hear the specifics. Here's what I want to hear: We are going to go through each and every personnel file, and anybody who has sexual harassment, we are going to go back and evaluate that, we are going to do criminal referrals where necessary, we are going to fire people who have participated in this habitually, and we are going to go through each and every one. It is going to take some time, but we are going to do that. And when it comes to our attention next time, we are going to get the inspector general involved, and we are going to take it very seriously so that everybody feels comfortable in their work environment at the EPA.    That is the answer I am looking for, and you are nowhere close to that. Did I say anything that you would disagree with?    Chairman Chaffetz. Nobody's going to argue against due process----    Chairman Chaffetz. --but what we heard testimony in the first panel is, when they went through the due process--we had some brave people stand up and say, you know what? A reprimand ain't good enough here. You are going to have to do something more.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is not true.    Chairman Chaffetz. That is not true. Because the original--the original recommendation was to move his cubicle four spaces down.    Chairman Chaffetz. And--no, no. Hold on. Fortunately, you had some people who came in and said, that ain't good enough, folks. And now they feel like there's retribution.    Look, we do not need to rehash the whole case.    Chairman Chaffetz. I have----    Chairman Chaffetz. I want to believe you. I just want to see the action. And I want you to----    Chairman Chaffetz. --follow up with this committee. We have jurisdiction over all of the Federal workforce. This is something that we are seeing not only at the EPA----    Chairman Chaffetz. --but other agencies, as well. And I think we need a clear definition of sexual harassment, sexual misconduct, and what are the consequences for that----    Chairman Chaffetz. --because it is happening government-wide----    Chairman Chaffetz. --and it is a problem.    I do want to ask a last thing about the inspector general.    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you think it would be appropriate or inappropriate--do you think it would be appropriate that, if you have a sexual misconduct or sexual harassment, to have that automatically referred to the Inspector General's Office?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, I want you to talk to me about that.    Chairman Chaffetz. Why----    Chairman Chaffetz. Why not automatically refer this to the Inspector General's Office?    Chairman Chaffetz. Sexual harassment--sexual harassment is a crime.    Chairman Chaffetz. No, you did not.    Chairman Chaffetz. You do not. You did not in this case. That is the problem. You did not refer it to the inspector general. You did not refer it to the criminal--to any criminal referral.    I would think that you would work with the person who is claiming the sexual harassment and work with her to figure out the proper remedy. She complained multiple times. It is not as if she came forward once. She came forward multiple times.    Chairman Chaffetz. So----    Chairman Chaffetz. But you are in a position to do something about it.    Chairman Chaffetz. But you did not. You did not.    Chairman Chaffetz. You did not. We had the conversation earlier.    Chairman Chaffetz. We want to look at making sure--last question about the IG, still on that same topic.    Chairman Chaffetz. What information is the IG not able to access? In other words, to me, the IG should have unfettered access to the information that it wants. What exceptions are there?    Chairman Chaffetz. Understood. Other than that----    Chairman Chaffetz. Other than that, the IG should have unfettered access, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. We had the inspector general come before this committee and said that your agency is not allowing them the access to the personnel or the information that they want. I want to know why not and what they shouldn't be able--who they shouldn't be able to talk to and what documents they shouldn't be able to see.    Chairman Chaffetz. I have. Now I am asking you. What--this should be a simple question.    Chairman Chaffetz. I do not think so. Should the inspector general have total access to all personnel and all information?    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay.    Chairman Chaffetz. Why are you qualifying----    Chairman Chaffetz. Should they have access--it is appropriate for them to do their job by having access to all the personnel----    Chairman Chaffetz. --and all the information.    Chairman Chaffetz. When will you provide us an answer?    Chairman Chaffetz. Can you provide an answer to me? Pick a date. What is an appropriate time for you to come back and answer me that question?    Chairman Chaffetz. Give me a date.    Chairman Chaffetz. Give me a date where I say, Administrator, it is past the deadline. What is an appropriate date to get that back?    Chairman Chaffetz. I do not want you to have to negotiate.    Chairman Chaffetz. The inspector general----    Chairman Chaffetz. The IG Act is very clear.    Chairman Chaffetz. This is taking far longer than it should. I just want you to give me a date as to when you can respond to me. That is all I am asking.    Chairman Chaffetz. Okay. I want you to give me a date as to when you will give me a full and complete answer as to what limitations you think there are on the inspector general.    In my opinion, they should have total, complete access to all personnel and all of your records all the time. If there are exceptions to that, I need to know, I want to know what those are.    And you said you are not an attorney. I am giving you time to--I respect that.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want you to take some time, get the answer right. We also have jurisdiction over the inspectors general, so we want to get this right, as well.    What is an appropriate date? Do not tell me we are going to work with staff, because these continue on in perpetuity. Give me a date. I am letting you pick the date.    Chairman Chaffetz. Sure.    Chairman Chaffetz. Ask him.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. How about the end of August? Is that fair, by the last day of August?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah. Is that fair?    Chairman Chaffetz. All right. Thank you.    Chairman Chaffetz. I want you to have the proper time to get to the right answer. So we will say the end of August.    Chairman Chaffetz. All right.    Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    As we wrap up, to the good men and women who work at the EPA, like I said, the overwhelming majority, they are good, honest, patriotic people working hard. You know, God bless you. They are important--there is important work to do.    We also know that there are going to be bad apples. You get that many people together, there are going to be some bad apples. We want to work with the unions, with the employees, with the administration, with the Congress. Let's weed out those bad apples, hold them accountable. It will make everybody's life better in every way, shape, and form. And that is the spirit in which we gather here today.    And I want to conclude with what I started with, to the Administrator. You have made yourself readily available to the committee and to other committees. You regularly testify before Congress. And, to that extent, we sincerely do appreciate it. So we thank you for being here today.    And this committee stands adjourned.