    Chairman Babin. Good afternoon. The Subcommittee on Space will now come to order.    And without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing titled ``The Next Steps to Mars: Deep Space Habitats.'' I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    The exploration of space, particularly human exploration of Mars, has intrigued generations around the world. Our sister planet holds many mysteries, and quite possibly, the keys to our past and our future. The profound goal of putting humans on Mars and perhaps establishing a settlement there, fuels our desire to push the boundaries of what is possible and to reach far beyond our own planet.    Space exploration is in our DNA. Americans of all ages watched on their black and white TVs as Neil Armstrong stepped onto the surface of the Moon. Our collective interests have not waned since that time. However, we now watch in full color and high definition as we launch off our planet, land a rover on Mars, and see our astronauts on the International Space Station do an EVA to assemble an orbital space laboratory enabled by the unwavering dedication and hard work of countless thousands who have contributed to the historical successes and immeasurable benefits spaceflight and exploration have brought humanity.    Last year's cinematic blockbuster, The Martian, based on the book written by Andy Weir, one of our witnesses today, wrote about the challenges an astronaut faced in order to survive the hostile environment of Mars faced with much hostility. This concept is directly related to the topic of our hearing: examining the challenges and discussing what it is going to take to turn this science fiction into a reality as we hope to do in the years ahead.    One of the foremost requirements for success in such a profound endeavor is the support of Congress, and undoubtedly, bipartisan, bicameral support is strongly behind this goal. In fact, bipartisan support for our spaceflight and exploration programs is so strong that the 2016 NASA Authorization Act passed the House by a unanimous voice vote. In this turbulent political climate, a vote like that is very exceptional for any agency. The House's intent is clear, and I strongly urge our colleagues in the Senate to join us by taking up and passing a NASA Authorization bill this year. Doing so, in this election year, is particularly important as it will provide NASA programs the stability that they need through the uncertainty that results during the transition of Presidential Administrations.    One of the most critical capabilities needed to sustain humans for a journey to Mars is a habitat. Without a viable habitat to protect our astronauts from the inhospitable environment of space, we cannot achieve our goals for human deep space exploration.    Congress demonstrated its very strong support of space exploration last year in passing the most significant update to commercial space law in decades and also by providing robust and increased funding levels for NASA exploration programs.    In the 2016 appropriations, Congress directed NASA to invest no less than $55 million for the development of a habitation augmentation module to maximize the potential of the SLS/Orion architecture in deep space and to develop a prototype module no later than 2018.    Astronaut Scott Kelly's nearly year-long mission aboard the International Space Station has provided substantial scientific data which we continue to assess, related to the physiological and psychological impacts humans face during long-duration space missions. However, much research still needs to be done to develop systems and operations to mitigate these impacts for sustaining crew health, and for this reason, it is critical that the ISS be fully utilized through 2024.    We know what goal we want to achieve: putting humans on Mars. What continues to be unclear is the detailed plan. How are we going to accomplish this bold and challenging goal? What are the requisite precursor missions, the technologies, sustaining systems, and habitation requirements and current capabilities? Until this detailed plan is outlined, there are many unknowns but what we do know is that NASA will need habitation and there are many questions that surround this requirement. How will NASA acquire habitation? How will development be funded? Will NASA develop the capability by contracting with a company on a cost-plus basis as it did for the programs in the past? Or will they seek to procure habitation as a service by leveraging previous development work? Will NASA use public-private partnerships? And if so, how will NASA divide the investment? How will it treat the intellectual property? And will the taxpayer get a deal on the price if it contributes to the development?    We have tremendous lessons learned related to systems development along with the pros and cons of various acquisition approaches. Regardless of the ultimate decision, the acquisition parameters and requirements must be clear before any action is taken. NASA simply doesn't have the time or the budget to experiment on unproven acquisition models. It's long past time to apply the lessons learned and make the decision based on what is the most assured and efficient way for NASA to acquire this capability.    Whatever NASA proposes, I sincerely hope it will be in the best interests of our American taxpayers. It would be a shame if we repeat the mistakes of the past: government paying for the development of habitation capabilities, and then turn around and pays again to procure the service from the same provider. NASA's decisions on ``make'' or ``buy'' will be critical.    Is it possible that industry may be able to provide turnkey cost-effective services that are developed with minimal taxpayer support? Is there a market for low-Earth orbit habitats, sufficient to support a post-ISS paradigm, which can be leveraged for deep space habit requirements?    We are an exceptional nation of doers, and as we forge a path through the high ground of space on our journey to Mars, I have strong faith in the ingenuity of American scientists, engineers, and the entire industry to address the challenges posed by deep space exploration and to develop the spaceflight systems needed to reach our goals in a safe, sustainable and affordable way.    I'm pleased to welcome our witnesses, and I look forward to hearing their perspectives as to how NASA should consider acquiring habitation goods and services to meet future mission requirements, and thank you all for participating.    And Mr. Weir, I'd like to personally thank you for your captivating work, The Martian. It has everyone talking about Mars, which I believe brings us one step closer to making science fiction, science fact. Thank you.    Chairman Babin. I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Maryland, for an opening statement.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Edwards.    And I now recognize the Chairman of our full Committee, Mr. Lamar Smith from Texas.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Prior to today's hearing, the Committee received a number of letters, and I ask unanimous consent to include them in the record.    Chairman Babin. Now I'd like to introduce our distinguished witnesses. Our first witness today is Mr. Jason Crusan, Director of Advanced Exploration Systems, Human Exploration, and Operations Mission Directorate at NASA. In this role, Mr. Crusan is the Senior Executive, Manager, Principal Advisor, and Advocate on Technology and Innovation Approaches leading to new flight systems capabilities for human exploration. He manages 500 to 600 civil servants with an active portfolio of 20 to 30 engineering and design projects. He leads integration with the Space Technology Mission Directorate, and the other HEOMD programs such as the International Space Station and the Exploration System Divisional--Division programs. Mr. Crusan holds bachelor's degrees in electrical engineering and physics, a master's in computer information systems, and is currently a candidate for a Ph.D. in systems engineering and engineering management at George Washington University. Very impressive.    Secondly, Mr. John Elbon, who I've had the pleasure of knowing for a number of years. He is our second witness. John Elbon is Vice President and General Manager of Space Exploration at Boeing Defense, Space and Security at the Boeing Company. In his role at Boeing, Mr. Elbon is responsible for the strategic direction of Boeing's civil space programs and support of NASA programs such as the International Space Station, Commercial Crew Development program, and the Space Launch System, SLS. Prior to being named Vice President and General Manager of Space Exploration, Mr. Elbon served as Vice President and Program Manager for Boeing's commercial programs as well as the Boeing Program Manager for several NASA programs which include Constellation, ISS, and the Checkout Assembly and Payload Processing Services contractor, CAPPS, at Kennedy Space Center. Mr. Elbon holds a bachelor of aerospace engineering from Georgia Institute of Technology.    Our third witness today is Ms. Wanda Sigur, Vice President and General Manager, Civil Space, at Lockheed Martin Corporation. Ms. Sigur has executive responsibility for critical national space programs relating to human spaceflight and space science missions including planetary, solar, astrophysical, and Earth remote sensing for civil and governmental agencies. Some of these major programs include the Orion Multipurpose Crew Vehicle, Hubble and Spitzer space telescopes, the GOES-R weather satellites, Juno, GRAIL, MAVEN, Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, Mars Odyssey, and OSIRIS-Rex planetary missions and the company's nuclear space power programs. She holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical and material sciences and engineering from Rice University and a master's degree in business administration from Tulane University. Welcome, Ms. Sigur.    Our fourth witness today is Mr. Frank Culbertson. Mr. Culbertson is President of Space Systems Group at Orbital ATK. Mr. Culbertson is responsible for the execution, business development, and finances of the company's human spaceflight science commercial communications and national security satellite activities as well as technical services to various government customers. These include some of Orbital's largest and most important programs such as NASA's Commercial Resupply Services, or CRS, these initiatives, as well as various national security-related programs. Throughout his distinguished career, Mr. Culbertson has received numerous honors including the Legion of Merit, the Navy Flying Cross, the Defense Superior Service Medal, the NAAFAI Gagarin Gold Medal, and the NASA Distinguished Service Medal. As an astronaut, he logged over 146 days in space over three flights. He is a graduate of the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis. Welcome.    Our final today is Mr. Andy Weir, author of The Martian. Mr. Weir was first hired as a programmer for a national laboratory at age 15, and he has been working as a software engineer ever since. He is also a self-proclaimed lifelong space nerd and a devoted hobbyist of subjects like relativistic physics, orbital mechanics, and the history of manned spaceflight. The Martian, which is his first novel, has won numerous awards and has been adapted to a film directed by Ridley Scott by the same name, and I'm sure many of us have seen it.    So I now recognize Mr. Crusan for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Crusan.    I now recognize Mr. Elbon for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Elbon.    And I now recognize Ms. Sigur for five minutes to present her testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Ms. Sigur.    I now recognize Mr. Culbertson for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. We do. We're going to try to get through both you and Mr. Weir, and then we're going to recess to go vote, and we'll come immediately back, okay? So let's go ahead.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Culbertson.    Mr. Weir, I am deeply apologetic but I've just been told most of our members have already run to vote. They've already called for votes. If you don't mind, we'll come back as soon as the voting is over and reconvene. Is that okay with you?    Chairman Babin. All right.    Chairman Babin. We will reconvene following the last vote in this series, and you don't have to have a helmet.    Chairman Babin. I now reconvene this session of the Subcommittee on Space, and I apologize. We had to run down and vote. But that's the nature of the beast here in the United States Congress.    I now recognize Mr. Andy Weir for five minutes to present his testimony.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Weir. I appreciate that. I appreciate all the testimonies, and we're elated and delighted that all of you people are here to testify before us. Now the Chair recognizes himself for five minutes.    All of the testimony was fascinating, especially what Mr. Weir just said on centrifugal force and spinning creating artificial gravity. But another problem when we send our astronauts beyond low-Earth orbit is we're exposing them to the dangers of deep space radiation, and without the Earth's protective magnetic field, future explorers are vulnerable to ionizing radiation, solar particle events and galactic cosmic rays, which pose an increased risk for cancer. This is perhaps the most serious scientific challenge that we face on the journey to Mars. And I'm wondering how we protected Matt Damon that entire time from this radiation and had him return safely.    This is a question for all of you. What kinds of technologies are being developed that protect our astronauts from deep space radiation? What are some of the ideas? How are we integrating radiation protection into our deep space habitation designs? And I would appreciate an answer from any one of you or all of you.    Chairman Babin. Thank you, Mr. Crusan.    Mr. Culbertson?    Chairman Babin. Same here.    Mr. Weir?    Chairman Babin. Amen.    I think that expends my--unless either one of you would like to add to that?    Chairman Babin. Right.    Chairman Babin. You bet. Thank you, Ms. Sigur.    You know, I've got a couple of staffers in here I wanted to introduce real quick, Will Carter and Lauren Jones, and also my wife, Roxanne, is sitting back there. I just noticed them there. Thank you for being here.    I'd next like to hear from the gentlewoman from Maryland, Ms. Edwards.    Chairman Babin. Yes, absolutely.    Chairman Babin. You're welcome.    Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Brooks.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Brooks.    And now I recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you.    I now recognize the gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you.    And now I recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine.    And by the way, we are going to go back through a second round of questions if that's okay with everyone.    Chairman Babin. Okay.    Chairman Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you.    Now I think we will go back through one more time if that's okay, and my next question would be for Mr. Crusan first but if anyone else would like to answer, I certainly would appreciate it.    NASA must ensure its investments in and acquisition strategies for deep space habitats are in the taxpayers' best interests. At the same time, a legitimate part of NASA's strategy for deep space habitats is to make investments that facilitate private-sector habitats in low-Earth orbit and beyond. In phase III of NextSTEP, NASA will determine its acquisition approach for deep space habitats. What types of acquisition mechanisms should NASA be considering, and what are the benefits and challenges of these respectively and how should NASA balance the interests of the taxpayers fostering commercial markets?    Chairman Babin. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Crusan. Would anybody else like to add anything there?    Chairman Babin. Mr. Elbon, yes, sir.    Chairman Babin. Exactly. Thank you.    And one more question for Mr. Weir. As a writer, you've inspired many with the possibility of science, technology, engineering, mathematics, and let's not forget botany. We certainly need young people devoted to STEM fields if we are going to Mars. What recommendations do you have for this Committee and for NASA as to how we can continue to inspire people with space exploration and the possibilities of STEM? And these four young ladies sitting in the back I think are perfect examples of people who are being inspired, and if you could elaborate on that, I would appreciate it.    Chairman Babin. I've been trying to do that all my life.    Chairman Babin. Good answer. Okay. All right. Thank you so much.    And now I'd like to recognize the gentlewoman from Maryland, Ms. Edwards.    Chairman Babin. Thank you.    Now I'd like to recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine.    Chairman Babin. Thank you. Well stated.    I now recognize the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Beyer.    Chairman Babin. That is not a bad job, I can tell you that.    This concludes our hearing, and I want to thank each and every one of you, Mr. Crusan, Mr. Elbon, Ms. Sigur, Mr. Culbertson and Mr. Weir. It's been a fascinating hearing and I really have enjoyed it, and we've learned a lot, and I want to also announce that the record will remain open for two weeks for additional written comments and written questions from members who perhaps were not able to make it.    So with that, this hearing is adjourned.