    Mr. Engler. Good morning. Thank you, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and the committee members for asking me to testify at this important and timely hearing. Excuse me. My name is Rick Engler. I was confirmed by the Senate to be a CSB member last December 16, and I was commissioned to the Board for a 5-year term by President Obama on February 5, 2015. I am thus the newest CSB members.    Before this appointment, I was director of the New Jersey Work Environment Council, a collaboration of labor, community, and environmental organizations where preventing chemical disasters was a primary focus. The CSB and its dedicated staff have accomplished much over its short history. Its investigations, its recommendations, reports are essential tools for preventing tragic chemical incidents, which continue today.    During my first few weeks at CSB, I've reviewed extensive material, including CSB reports, recommendations, and briefing documents, inspector general findings, materials from this committee's hearing on the CSB last June 19, and the new Vantage report discussed earlier. I've spoken to some past and all current Board members, and many but not all CSB staff as well as some outside stakeholders.    Excuse me. My learning process is not done, yet I already conclude that major internal changes must occur for the CSB to best fulfill its critical mission. Foremost, changes are needed to resolve the controversy over CSB governance and the powers of the Chair in relationship to other members. The serious engagement of all CSB members in major decisions provides critical checks and balances and would result in the best decisions.    Unfortunately, Board Order 2015-1 was approved by a 2-to-1 vote on January 28, 2015, and has been--as has been already pointed out. This action took place after I was confirmed by the U.S. Senate but just 5 business days before I was sworn in as a CSB member. It consolidated power in the Chair and eliminated, for example, the four--the role of four other members in deciding budgets, major use of funds, key contracts, and approving appointment department heads.    Well, I believe this will have a negative outcome on the performance of the agency. And I should point out, in a very small agency that has roughly 40 staff, the 5 Board members are, in my view, should be active participants in the work, not sitting aside from the work and making decisions but doing work. And that means that they should be participants actively in key decisions as well.    So I would urge the Board to rescind its overall motion of January 28. I respectfully ask this committee to urge the CSB to take such action. A new process with deadlines to ensure the both governance rules and policies with checks and balances could then begin.    Some other changes are also urgently needed to accomplish the following: Address the serious issues raised by the Vantage report, including poor internal communications, lack of consistent policies and procedures, and employee frustrations with senior management, which have all led to very low staff morale, and I would like to add that, regardless of the process, the substance of the Vantage report is very, very troubling. So, regardless of what interactions took place, the essential message there gives me grave concern about the issues that have been raised.    I will work to ensure that CSB members and staff work collegially, where all views are respected even when there are agreements--whether it's over science, whether it's over policy, whether it's over recommendations. And I would also like to add that I have spent decades in the State of New Jersey working for strong whistleblower protection. One example is that I helped lead an effort to amend our Conscientious Employee Protection Act, which passed legislation in the State of New Jersey with virtually unanimous bipartisan support, that required an annual notice to go to every private-and public-sector employee in the State, making sure that they understand that they had a right to speak out, an obligation to speak out if they found violations of law or public policies. I feel deeply about whistleblower protections.    I also think that the Board needs to adopt a new project-management-tracking system with clear objectives, benchmarks, and internal controls, that the Board must engage stakeholders, that there must be frequent well-publicized business meetings. And I reject any notion that carrying out the people's business by a public agency is merely theater. And I look forward to a new relationship with the Office of Inspector General. And I will anticipate--in fact, I'll do it right now--I would seek a briefing from the inspector general on all the outstanding issues. And I look forward to rebuilding that--that relationship.    Mr. Engler. Yes, I would.    Mr. Engler. Yes.    Mr. Engler. I agree as well.    Mr. Engler. Thank you.    I think the issue of governance is a major central issue to the future of the Board. It's the bedrock upon which decisions are made. It will determine the nature of the recommendations. It can affect, certainly, key staffing.    And what I would like to see, moving forward, in addition to retraction of the in-the-night action in Richmond, is a look at can the Board policies and procedures be done by regulation.    The CSB is not a regulatory agency, but it does have the ability to issue regulations to govern its own conduct. And I would suggest--and I have to say that I have to consult with more people about whether this is really a good idea--that if it was done by a regulation, there would be an opportunity for advance notice, there would be an opportunity for public comment, there could be an opportunity for a public hearing of industry, labor, environment, academic stakeholders.    And so the outcome of such could be that we have rules that last beyond one particular chair, whether they are nominated by a President from one party or another, that would have lasting value. And I think that would help the credibility of the Board and stabilize the Board moving forward.    Mr. Engler. I'm not precisely sure. In fact, I wanted to have a meeting tomorrow afternoon, because one of the problems of being a new Board member in this environment is complete confusion----    Mr. Engler . About what decisions have been made, the difference between an investigation--an investigation that morphs into a study that changes into an industry-wide study that might be related to a conference. I mean, figuring out what clear decisions have been made is a moving target.    Mr. Engler. And that's been one of my challenges as a new Board member, and I'm finding it, frankly, very difficult.    Mr. Engler. Yes.    Mr. Engler. Yes.    Mr. Engler. Yes, that's absolutely correct. I'd worked for decades for an organization, and, through my long process of consideration for this position, I had a responsibility not to walk out on my longtime employer. And so I needed a somewhat--somewhat of a transition time to complete work there so I could fully devote to my duties here. So I was not in a position to join the Board.    I will say, moving forward, I am very concerned about hydrofluoric acid, as I know many of the Board leaders and staff are. In fact, relating back to the mission of the Board, the Oil Insurance Association pointed out in roughly 1974 that hydrofluoric acid use in alkylation units in oil refineries posed major, major dangers. The Oil Insurance Association was then the advisor to the petroleum industry.    And so this should be taken very, very, very seriously, and I intend, moving forward, to revisit this issue. I'm not sure what the best way to do it is at this point, but I think that this is one of the most important issues that we face as a responsible Board, to look at this particular hazard.    Mr. Engler. Could I add----    Mr. Engler. Just that I've looked at the action plan, and I just didn't think it met rigorous standards that included what the clear objectives are, what the benchmarks were for progress, what were the--any kind of time-specific focus on a breakdown of tasks.    And I think, in fact, this is an area where Mr. Ehrlich and I can agree that there needs to be a much more rigorous approach to tracking progress on these critical investigations.    Mr. Engler. Yes.    Mr. Engler. Because I think it was not considered in an open and fair way, and I don't mean--it's not a personal matter that no one called me up prior to a formal appointment by the President and asked me what I thought. It seems to me when you change major procedures, policies, that there is an obligation as a public entity to interact with the public, to not--and frankly, I'm--I'm quite familiar with the--some of the New Jersey laws we have on this. I need a briefing. One of the things I wasn't briefed on, on the Sunshine Act. I don't know whether there was a technical violation or a--just a violation of the intent of that, but major change by agencies needs to be done with public notice, the opportunity for public comment, public hearings, and it has to be an ongoing process, and I endorse a call of Member Griffon.    Mr. Engler . For public meetings.    Mr. Engler. Yes.    Mr. Engler. Because it seemed to upend a whole series of Board policies, including on budget. So, before I arrived on the scene, to look carefully at budgets because, frankly, I feel like I'm accountable to the public for how the agency spends its money. I then find out that, no, I'm not.    Mr. Engler. I think that it needs to be a full, fair, and objective evaluation. I would--given how fast other things have happened, I would urge things go slower but in accordance with Federal statutory and regulatory personnel requirements.    And if I could just add for the record, part of my briefing was very useful from the CSB staff. And I appreciate the CSB staff at updating me, but there were some notable exceptions to what was not included in my briefing that I think should have been. One was any reference to the Cardon report. One--another was any detailed review of the Vantage report, which in fact I had to request a copy of to get, which I did get. But then when I requested to have a conversation with the contract--with the contractor over the last couple of days, apparently because of the--I don't know how to characterize it as a sort of a counterattack on this committee, that because there's a request to the IG, now it's something that I don't have access to, I mean, this is making due diligence for me very, very difficult. And it's just an incredibly challenging position to be in as someone who cares very, very deeply about the mission of the Board, to have to encounter these obstacles in the first days of appearing here.    Mr. Engler. Very briefly. Thank you. I just want to put two short points on the record.    Mr. Engler. One is that there was a process prior to this committee hearing to prepare for it, which involved going over voluminous documents and involving an outside consultant at some point to, frankly, spin what cannot be spun.    I want to go on the record to point out that I said--and I believe this is pretty close to a precise quote--I refuse to participate in this process.    I am dedicated to the mission of the agency. I want to move forward. I hope to be back here before your committee and to work with the inspector general, but based on whether we're accomplishing the mission of the agency, not whether we're taking steps that have been described today to interfere with the mission of the agency.    This agency has no credibility whatsoever to tell anyone outside the agency virtually anything if its internal practices around issues like the right to know, of not informing people about the actions of the agency--when we expect corporations and government agencies and others to take steps to inform the public and inform workers what materials they're working with, what the risks are, and we can't set a standard for good practice here?    I pledge to you that that's why I'm here, that's what I'm going to work for. And I look forward to coming back to this committee and to being accountable to all the relevant stakeholders and the inspector general in the months ahead.