    Mr. Langevin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to thank our witnesses for your testimony today.    I would like to turn to the discussion that we have been involved with this morning about tracking those individuals who have been in the conflict zone in Iraq or Syria fighting with ISIS who have U.S. or Western passports.    It is my understanding that we have, you know, somewhat our arms around being able to track those with U.S. passports, but as we have alluded to this morning, we are talking about maybe on the hundreds, or a hundred or so persons with U.S. passports.    But it could be in the thousands for people with Western passports that are fighting in Syria, many of whom with ISIS, and yet those individuals that could travel potentially then back to European countries and could come to the United States, particularly those from Visa Waiver countries--and what I am hearing, what I have heard in past testimony--that it is very difficult perhaps to track those individuals particularly because there are certain governments particularly in the European Union that are reluctant to share threat information on their citizens due to privacy concerns.    I was just in Munich this past weekend at the Munich Security Conference, met with Britain's--their Secretary of Defense, and he confirmed that that is a concern not so much for the United Kingdom because their privacy laws are different, and so that kind of information sharing is not--restricted from Great Britain, but more an issue with continental European countries.    So has this been the experience of NCTC? What are we doing to close that gap? Because that is a significant blind spot for us.    Mr. Langevin. But what I want to get to is the question, should we be insisting or trying to work with NATO partners, our European partners, to change their privacy laws, or can Congress play a role in helping to ease these privacy concerns? For example, do you believe that the judicial redress announced last week as part of the PPD-28 review would help alleviate these challenges?    Mr. Langevin. Okay. I appreciate your answer. I just would say I still think this is--until we get this seamless, and we are getting all the information that we need, it is a blind spot. I think it is a problem and I think we need to work on this.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.