    Mr. Shuffstall. Chairman Lamborn, Ranking Member Lowenthal, members of the committee, it is an honor to speak with you today regarding this important issue. Thank you for the invitation. I am Bud Shuffstall. I am from Meadville, Pennsylvania. I work for Northwest Bank, which is headquartered in Warren, Pennsylvania, which also happens to be the headquarters of the Allegheny National Forest.    Like many of our customers and bank staff, personally I am a regular visitor to the ANF, and we value and appreciate it deeply. But I am here today as a member of NARO, the National Association of Royalty Owners.    NARO has members in all 50 states and educates and advocates for the rights of an estimated 8.5 to 12 million citizens who receive royalty income from the production of their private property, specifically from production of their oil, natural gas, and minerals. The average NARO member is 60 years old, a widow, and makes less than $500 per month in royalty income.    We are very pleased to address the committee on the issue of development of private or severed oil, gas, and mineral interests underlying the national forests, as the protection of these private property rights in all 50 states is paramount to millions of private mineral owners.    Of all the wells ever drilled in the world, the vast majority have been drilled in the United States. Why? Because we are a Nation that values the private ownership of oil, gas, and minerals. We value and encourage risk in the pursuit of profit. The United States is the only former British colony that, upon achieving independence, awarded the ownership of the minerals to private citizens instead of to the state. This uniquely American model was actually suggested by Thomas Jefferson. His concept has helped make us a strong Nation and today is enabling America's rise to become the world's dominant energy producer.    As noted previously, the ANF does lie in the heart of Pennsylvania's oil and gas region. Its headquarters is roughly 40 miles from the site of Drake's well in Titusville, Pennsylvania. Some of the earliest severances of these property rights, the oil and gas interests underlying the earth, occurred under land that was to become the Allegheny National Forest, or very near to it.    As previously noted, the ANF was created pursuant to the Weeks Act of 1911. In 1923, the Federal Government purchased only the surface estate, even though the Weeks Act authorized the acquisition of subsurface rights, including mineral rights. The Federal Government chose not to acquire those rights, as they were at the time too valuable and presumably cost-prohibitive to acquire. In doing so, the Federal Government took title to the surface only, and subject to the rights of all prior exceptions and reservations of subsurface oil and gas rights.    In many cases, those oil and gas rights underlying the ANF had long been severed before the creation of the ANF. It is a well established point of law in all jurisdictions of the United States, including Pennsylvania, that the private property rights of the subsurface estate are dominant over the rights of the surface estate. The law's recognition of the subsurface interest as dominant has been found to be essential, lest it be subrogated to any other property rights, thereby risking its devaluation.    Absent a taking by the government of those subsurface property rights, this legal principle precludes the Federal Government, as surface estate owner of the ANF, from interfering with the development of private subsurface rights.    Subject to state and Federal law, of course, the subsurface rights owners have the legal authority, therefore, to develop their private oil and gas reserves. It is this group that NARO represents. NARO members have a dominant legal authority to access and develop their private subsurface interests. The Forest Service may not unreasonably restrict access to that estate in a way that makes the development thereof uneconomic or unprofitable.    The government must be held to a reasonable set of regulatory management controls that does not unduly burden those private oil, gas, or mineral owners. For example, an excessive fee structure for access onto, or across, Federal lands will negatively affect the value of the subsurface estate and the economic viability of that estate.    Finally, the third tenet that should be addressed here is that the government may not unreasonably restrict oil and gas development to the point of requiring a ``no net impact'' from an environmental standpoint as it seeks to mitigate surface impacts. The government may not improperly elevate environmental concerns over other appropriate considerations, or seek to create a set of regulations that restricts or eliminates all environmental impacts on the subject lands.    Any environmental analysis must also include the economic impacts to the orderly development of oil and gas within the forest. This includes a socioeconomic analysis that details the negative impacts any restrictions will have on state and private subsurface development and the impacts to local and state economies and taxes.    In conclusion, we wish to emphasize that the government must recognize the rights of the subsurface interests and their dominance of those rights over the surface interests.    Thank you for your time.    Mr. Shuffstall. Certainly, there have been. There has been a chilling effect. If you are familiar with Bradford, there is a refinery there that depends on a particular kind of crude oil that is only produced in the region. You do not just refine any crude oil at a particular refinery, it requires a certain grade. This is Pennsylvania Grade Crude Oil, and the entire local economy is dependent to a certain degree on the production of Pennsylvania Grade Crude, much of which comes from the ANF and other areas of the region.    And the idea of the uncertainty for the last 10, 15 years of whether or not that would continue has had a definite chilling effect on the local economy. And it is not just limited to Bradford. I would say the entire oil-producing region of Northwest Pennsylvania.    Mr. Shuffstall. If I may, there are two issues: one, private property rights, and the rights of the Federal Government as an owner of the surface vis a vis the owner of the subsurface. And a 60-day accommodation rule is a very good rule, and it is one that the industry tends to follow when it is engaged not only with the Federal Government, but also private citizens, many of whom are friends, neighbors, relatives, and customers of the bank.    The second question, though, is the action of the Federal Government as a regulatory action that impinges or infringes on private property rights to the point where it could be considered a taking. And to me, that is the fundamental difference. Do you require legislation for a communication regarding relative accommodation of property rights, surface versus subsurface, or do you engage in regulation? And at what point does that regulation become a taking?