    Mr. Rouzer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank our witnesses for being here today and availing themselves to us. My questions are going to be directed to the Corps. But before I get into my questions, I want to give a little shout out to a good man that you have in your ranks, our new commander of the Wilmington district, Colonel Kevin Landers. I had the opportunity to meet and visit with him. And he is new on the block. I am new on the block, and so I look forward to forging a very good working relationship not only with him but with you all for a long time to come.    I have some specific questions as it relates to some beaches near and dear to my district and near and dear to my heart. You may not have the specific answer right at hand, but I want to get these in for the record. The first pertains to Wrightsville Beach which is in New Hanover County, right there on the coast obviously. And the question, a couple questions, one is how many additional periodic nourishment cycles could be completed without exceeding the section 902 maximum project cost limit for the Wrightsville Beach Project? And then the second question is what is the status of the Corps developing a Post-Authorization Change Report to seek an increase in the project's authorized total cost in section 902 cost limit?    Mr. Rouzer. That is correct.    Mr. Rouzer. Well thank you for those answers. I look forward to working with you on that specific issue.    The next set of questions relates to Carolina Beach and what is known as the Carolina Beach and Vicinity Project. Do you know when the Federal participation and periodic nourishment of the Carolina Beach portion of the Carolina Beach and Vicinity Project currently will expire?    General Bostick. It expires fiscal year 2017, for the Carolina Beach portion, and for the area south, Kure Beach portion, it expires in 2047.    Mr. Rouzer. Do you know what is needed to determine the feasibility of extending Federal participation in periodic nourishment of the Carolina Beach portion?    General Bostick. Yes. We would have to conduct a study in accordance with WRRDA 2014. We would also need economic justification, and it would have to be environmentally acceptable. We are still working on the implementation guidance for this section of WRRDA, but if it were to be extended, it could be up to 15 years.    Mr. Rouzer. Just so I am clear, what actions by the administration would be needed to initiate this? Or what encouragement does the administration need to initiate this?    General Bostick. Assuming all of the previous items I talked about: economically justified, technically feasible, and environmentally acceptable, and the review of the implementation guidance to ensure we are straight with WRRDA 2014, then we would need funding based on the study.    Mr. Rouzer. How much funding do you anticipate that would be?    General Bostick. That would be difficult to say at this point. We would really have to go through and execute this study, and the study would reveal the cost.    Mr. Rouzer. OK. Thank you very much. One last followup to all of that is, what can we do to be helpful in your mission? I know you have got a tough job. Obviously money is a scarce commodity, a scarce resource that everybody needs, but is there anything in particular that we as a committee can do to help make your job easier?    General Bostick. No. I would say we are getting great support from the committee and, I think, the administration, given the challenges that we face nationally; but as you look at our aging infrastructure around the country, we are maintaining about $190 billion worth of infrastructure. The American Society of Civil Engineers rates our infrastructure at a D-plus and says we need about $3.6 trillion by 2020, and we are probably going to be short about $1\1/2\ trillion.    So the Federal Government can't do this alone. And I think as you work with your local stakeholders, and we work with the local stakeholders, it is going to take a team effort. Relying on the Federal Government on many of these projects alone will not suffice, and whether it is public-private partnerships and getting the private sector involved, getting local and State governments involved, to work in partnership with the Federal Government is going to have to be the way ahead.    Mr. Rouzer. Thank very much, Mr. Chairman. Appreciate your answers.