    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman for yielding. The purpose of this hearing is to address the impact of the Wassenaar Arrangement, which was recently amended to propose export controls for cybersecurity products. I now recognize myself for an opening statement.    The House Homeland Security Committee's Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies and the House Oversight and Government Reform's Subcommittee on Information Technology meet today to hear from key industry and government stakeholders about the impact of the Wassenaar Arrangement, that it will have on American people, on American businesses, and on the cybersecurity industry.    I first want to start off by thanking my friend, Mr. Will Hurd, the gentleman from Texas, for co-chairing this hearing. Today, we are doing what Americans would like to see more of in Congress. Two committees that don't often work together are able to, and happy to come together to tackle an issue that's extremely important and relevant to national security and to the security of individuals' personal information. Congressman Hurd and I share the belief that one of our core duties here in Congress is to bypass the jurisdictional roadblocks, and make real progress towards keeping our citizens safe.    To the issue at hand, we know that private industry in America is excellent at responding to consumer demands. Many companies, including some of those here today, pride themselves on guaranteeing the security of their customers' personal information. Others represented here exist solely to help in securing that information. They also secure vital sectors of society such as critical infrastructure and the financial sector. Their success hinges, in part, on their ability to guarantee their own security. Today, I hope to hear from our witnesses on how the Wassenaar Arrangement in its implementation would affect these objectives.    The Wassenaar Arrangement was established 20 years ago to apply to conventional arms and dual-use goods and technology. Changes made in 2013 sought to extend export controls to cybersecurity intrusion and surveillance software and technology.    These changes were motivated by a desire to prevent authoritative regimes from repressing their people. This intent is noble. If the administration's implementation effort resulted in unified dissent from the technology and cybersecurity industries, from academics and researchers, the energy and financial sectors also voiced deep concerns. And they were echoed by civil society groups who said that the proposal could make communicating about security vulnerabilities almost impossible in certain cases. The Federal Government engages in countless ways with the American people and our international partners. When proposing actions, the government should, at a minimum, not do harm to its own people. I'm interested to hear from our government witnesses how they believe this arrangement will successfully deter the accumulation of digital weapons, which aren't constructed in factories, which don't need physical space for storage, and which don't depend on traceable means of transport.    I hope to better understand how they believe this export control framework can be effectively applied to intrusion software. I agree that we should strive to limit dangerous technologies from falling into the hands of bad actors. But national security and Americans' personal security can't be sacrificed in the process. There are many ways the United States strives to combat human rights violators. And I hope to hear today why this route wasn't chosen over other options. As we can see by the variety and the size of our witness panel, the Wassenaar Arrangement has broad implications. Recent reports and the witness testimony today demonstrate that we are far from a consensus on this issue. The administration's top three stated priorities include, and I quote, ``protecting the country's critical infrastructure from cyber threats, improving our ability to identify and report cyber incidents, and engaging with international partners to promote Internet freedom, and building support for an open, interoperable, secure, and reliable cyberspace.''    I assume that our government witnesses are well-versed in these goals and their prioritization. Yet, in reading the comments to the proposed rule and general thoughts on the cybersecurity section of the Wassenaar Arrangement, one sees a probable contradiction in the first two goals. Additionally, I think it's unlikely that this arrangement achieves the open and interoperable cyberspace that is in the public's interest. If we are to expect the cybersecurity provisions of this arrangement to be workable, we need to make sure that our stated intentions and actions are not contradictory. If we can't do that, I question why as a country we are agreeing to this updated arrangement.    Just last month, Congress passed legislation to encourage the sharing of cyber threat information. Both the private sector and the Government stand to benefit from the increased flow of valuable cyber-threat information. Today, we need to hear whether the Wassenaar Arrangement would have a counterproductive impact on such sharing, and whether it would undermine the law that the President just signed. As a Nation, we advocate for human rights, and we assist those harmed by authoritarian regimes. However, we must, first and foremost, safeguard the security of our Nation and our citizens.    I look forward to hearing from the witnesses about the best path forward and how we can come together to best protect the American people. And I yield back.    Mr. Ratcliffe. The gentleman is recognized.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentlemen from both Louisiana and Rhode Island. The chair now recognizes the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, my friend, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. McCaul.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank the chairman. The chair now recognizes the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Information Technology, the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Kelly.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentlelady. The chair now recognizes the ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee, the gentleman from Mississippi, Mr. Thompson.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the ranking member for his remarks. The chair how recognizes the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Information Technology, my good friend from Texas, Mr. Hurd.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman from Texas. Other members are reminded that opening statements may be submitted for the record. And as noted by others, we are pleased today to have with us a very distinguished panel of witnesses on an important topic, including Mr. Vann Van Diepen, the principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for the Bureau of International Security and Nonproliferation at the U.S. Department of State; Ms. Ann Ganzer, the Director of Conventional Arms Threat Reduction for the Bureau of International Security and Nonproliferation at the U.S. Department of State; the Honorable Kevin Wolf, the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration at the U.S. Department of Commerce; Dr. Phyllis Schneck, the Deputy Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Communications for the National Protection and Programs Directorate at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security; Ms. Cheri Flynn McGuire, the vice president for Global Government Affairs and Cybersecurity Policy at Symantec; Mr. Iain Mulholland, the vice president for Engineering Trust and Assurance at VMware; Ms. Cristin Flynn Goodwin, the assistant general counsel for Cybersecurity at Microsoft; and, finally, Mr. Dean Garfield, the president and CEO of the Information Technology Industry Council.    Thank you all for being here today. The witnesses' full written statements will appear in the record. And at this time, I would ask all of the witnesses to stand and raise your right hand so that I can swear you in for your testimony.    Do each of you swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to provide today shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth so help you God? Let the record reflect that the witnesses answered in the affirmative. The chair now recognizes Mr. Van Diepen for his opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Van Diepen. The chair now recognizes the Honorable Kevin Wolf for his statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Wolf. Dr. Schneck, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Dr. Schneck. The chair now recognizes Ms. McGuire for her opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Ms. McGuire. The chair now recognizes Mr. Mulholland for his opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Mulholland. Ms. Goodwin, you're recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Ms. Goodwin. The chair now recognizes the very patient Mr. Garfield for his opening statement.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Garfield.    The chair now recognizes himself for 5 minutes of questions.    And I want to start, Ms. Ganzer, with you, because you were the only witness that didn't have a statement, and there was some intimation about--about your role, perhaps, in negotiating the Wassenaar Arrangement of 2013 and the inclusion of intrusion software. And so I want to take just a minute of my time to give you an opportunity to address whether or not that's accurate, or what your role was, if any?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you. That's helpful, Ms. Ganzer.    So based on that, and you answered my next question, was based on the comments you heard today and the more than 300 formal comments from industry, were you surprised? And you said that you were.    As a follow-up to that, do you think those comments are justified?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you.    So let me follow up on the specifics. One of the comments, I believe, was from Ms. McGuire and others in the industry, as drafted, what keeps bad actors that the Wassenaar Arrangement is seeking to stop from purchasing unlicensed products, or purchasing products in a nonparticipating state?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. Well, I appreciate that.    Do you think, or would you agree, that as written, there's a security consequence to the domestic implementation of the Wassenaar Agreement as some folks in industry have indicated?    Mr. Ratcliffe. So I appreciate that.    So as my time expires, in terms of coming to that solution, you've heard some calls here from folks in industry for this to be renegotiated. And so my question to you is, why or what are the impediments, if any, to doing that? Because as I was understanding the arrangement, it meets every year.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Terrific. Thank you, Ms. Ganzer.    My time has expired. The chair now recognizes the ranking member, Ms. Kelly, for her questions.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentlelady.    At this time, I ask unanimous consent to insert into the record a letter from more than 100 Members of Congress to Ambassador Susan Rice regarding our collective concerns about the addition to the Wassenaar Arrangement to export controls of intrusion software that, in our opinion, could seriously hinder national security.    Without objection, it is so ordered.    Mr. Ratcliffe. At this time, the chair recognizes my friend and colleague from Texas, Congressman Farenthold.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the gentlelady from California, Ms. Sanchez.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentlelady for her comments.    And at this time, the chair recognizes the former U.S. Attorney from Pennsylvania, my friend, Congressman Marino.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Connolly.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I am Irish, too. You get all the time you want.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for his questions and his comments.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island, Mr. Langevin.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Without objection.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Clawson.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the gentleman.    The chair recognizes my friend and colleague from Texas, Sheila Jackson Lee.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Without objection.    Mr. Ratcliffe. I thank the witnesses for their testimony. I can pretty much assure you that at least some members will have some additional questions for the witnesses. And we will ask you to respond to those in writing. The hearing record will be open for 10 days. Without objection, the subcommittees stand adjourned. Thank you.