    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Chairman Fitzpatrick, and thank you to Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters, and I particularly want to thank Ranking Member Lynch of this task force for its continued dedication to these issues and all the Members who have committed their time and efforts in this important work. And thank you to the witnesses who have come and brought their experience to this task force.    Criminal enterprises have relied on this method of illicit financing for years. However, many believe that this is an emerging technique now being used by terrorist groups to finance their violent and oppressive operations.    With over $100 billion flowing in Iran, the world's largest state sponsor of terror, the risk of terror financing has never been greater. Similarly, the Administration has done nothing to diminish the number of ISIS soldiers on the battlefield in Iraq and Syria. ISIS members have remained consistently 20,000 to 30,000 soldiers for the past several years despite over 10,000 Saudi air strikes.    Since we have not removed ISIS from the battlefield, they will continue to require resources to fund their oppression. As we enter into the new year, Congress should prioritize efforts to stop the flow of money and resources to terrorist organizations. We must ensure that organizations like the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) receive the resources and intelligence necessary to combat trade-based money laundering and other methods of illicit financing.    With that, I thank the Chair and the ranking member once again, and I yield back.    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Is there any reason why the data could not be shared with Customs and with FinCEN in a joint effort in collaboration? Mr. Bock?    Mr. Pittenger. Mr. Cassara, any more comment on that?    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you.    There has been some criticism regarding the lack of robust intelligence support on the ground in the Middle East. What would you do to enhance that, to effectively address trade-based money laundering?    Mr. Pittenger. Yes, sir?    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you.    Dr. Passas?    Mr. Pittenger. Very good.    As we have discussed, the Egmont Group and its working through the trade transparency units, enhancing that, what obstacles to you see going forward to overcome with this information-sharing prototype? If we were to try to advance that further, what should we be looking out for?    Mr. Pittenger. Very good. Thank you.    I yield back.    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Mesko, I would like you just to clarify what you mean by non-indexed data.    Mr. Pittenger. Okay. That is helpful. I would like to summarize some of what you all have presented today, which has been extraordinarily helpful. As I see it from Mr. Bock, you said that this data is accessible. The countries have it, they want to present it, we need to consolidate it, we need to analyze it, and then through that we need to be able to have an enforcement capacity, all of which requires funding. And is it your assessment that those resources are available through the revenue from this expanded transparency?    Mr. Pittenger. Very good--    Mr. Pittenger. My last observation is that water finds its way downhill, and if it hits a block here, it goes another way. Another way the speaker has put it quite well is in ice hockey, you look where the puck is headed and not where it is today.    And as you assess the funding requirements for these terrorist organizations, and certainly we have a continual need to track and intercept the transfer of money through these financial institutions. I am particularly concerned about Iran with these banks now that are open to SWIFT access.    But given if we will utilize the data and share the data, I know FinCEN has extraordinary data capacities if it can be shared with the private sector as well as with their own government.    Yet while we are somewhat effective in that, it seems to me that our adversaries recognize that we haven't been effective in TBML. Do you believe that this will as such be a growing factor that we should be looking at, that should be more the focus? They are pretty smart people. They know what we are good at and what we are not good at.    Mr. Pittenger. Thank you. This has been extraordinarily helpful. I very much appreciate you being with us. I yield back.