    Mr. Upton. Well, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Every human life deserves a voice, and that is why we are here today. This committee has spent the last couple of months investigating Planned Parenthood and a series of videos that raise important questions about if it or its affiliates are violating existing law. That investigation is ongoing, and we will continue to use the tools in the toolbox available to get to the facts.    In the meantime, there are steps that we can take today to help ensure that the laws, in fact, are being followed. The two bills being discussed today take important steps toward protecting infant lives and ensuring existing laws are being followed. The new vice chair, Marsha Blackburn, and Renee Ellmers have both demonstrated their leadership in authoring these bills to bolster the Born Alive Infants Protection Act and Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act.    Today, Medicaid, as we know, pays for about half of the births in the U.S. Medicaid is also a significant portion of Planned Parenthood's revenue. And while States have some ability to enforce existing laws under Medicaid, these bills help ensure that States have more of the tools that they need to ban someone who is suspected of taking the life of an innocent baby from the State's Medicaid program.    These are commonsense measures to help ensure laws are being followed. And if healthcare providers break the law, of course they should be banned from Federal health programs. Further, if States suspect providers are violating the law, they should have the ability to ban that provider from Medicaid.    This hearing, these bills, and our ongoing investigation are about ensuring taxpayer dollars support human dignity, respect for all life, and adherence to all Federal laws.    I yield the balance of my time to my colleague from Washington State, Cathy McMorris Rodgers.    Mr. Upton. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I know a number of members have indicated, they have said during the hearing that there is no evidence of wrongdoing. I would just like to make a point that the investigation itself is far from complete. We have asked a number of questions we don't have the answers to yet. We have asked to speak to a number of witnesses, even a good number of weeks ago, and we have not yet had access to those particular individuals. Many are asking for legal counsel.    And to talk a little bit further about that in terms of the record not being complete, which is the reason why we have asked the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee to pursue this, I would yield to the chairman of that subcommittee, Dr. Murphy.    Mr. Upton. I yield back.