    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you, Chief, for joining us. Obviously, you are very proud of the things you have done and thank you for your presentation. Obviously the improvement you made in a lot of these properties is pretty amazing.    One of the things that you talked about how the working relationship that you have with farmers and ranchers, and how it has proven to be a great benefit to conservation. About \1/3\ of our forests, about 50 percent of the wood in the U.S. is owned by owners that aren't actively engaged in land management. And we know if they are not actively engaged in this process, that problems can happen like insects, diseases, infestations, any wildlife threats, and that sort of thing.    What is NRCS using to reach these owners and get them involved in the production, as well as conservation?    Mr. Allen. Yes.    Mr. Allen. What sort of impact into that group are you making? Is it substantial impact, or is there still a lot to do?    Mr. Allen. The pine straw industry is big in my district in Georgia, and of course, we have over 400 potential species in the South to be listed on the endangered species list in the coming years. Well, some of our pine straw folks are a little concerned about this, as well as, some things that crop up from time to time. As far as those industries, are you working with the folks in that industry and what kind of things are we doing so those folks can continue to do business?    Mr. Allen. Good, good. I am glad to hear that. Thank you, Chief.    Mr. Allen. I yield back.    The Chairman. I thank the gentleman.    Chief, thank you so much for your leadership. One of the issues that citizens follow, and rightfully so, they evaluate, they scrutinize government. We talk a lot about programs and today, you have talked a lot about outcomes, and we all appreciate that. Measurable outcomes, in terms of what is the return on investment for all the work that we try to do within the farm bill, providing tools for you, your agency, and talking on behalf of all the Members that are on this Subcommittee, we appreciate the fact that you are a good steward in the work that you do, and you are looking for outcomes, looking to deliver outcomes, just not promulgate or continue business in the way we have always done it in terms of programs, and that is greatly appreciated.    So thank you for being here today, and thanks for your continued leadership.    Mr. Allen. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thanks to our panel for being here today and kind of giving us some insight on what we are trying to do as far as conservation is concerned.    Mr. Price, specifically relative to your operation, there are people in this town that think that the cattle industry is bad for the environment and bad for the land, and that the wildlife would be far better off without the cattle industry. Do you have any thoughts about that, and what are we doing in the National Cattlemen's Beef Association to change the perception out there?    Mr. Allen. Industry-wide, are all of our cattlemen doing it the right way, or is there still a lot of work to be done there?    Mr. Allen. Yes, Thinking about endangered species, are you all having the problem with the wild hogs in Texas like we are having in Georgia?    Mr. Allen. We have to do something.    Just a week ago, we had the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency sitting right there in your seat, and we were talking about the WOTUS rule, Waters of the U.S. From what you understand of that, if you had to get a permit due to the WOTUS rule, do you have any idea what kind of effect that would have on your operation, what kind of impact?    Mr. Allen. Well right now the courts are in our favor, and we have an injunction against it, but thank you for your time, and all of you for your testimony, and I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    I will take the liberty of just another round for anybody that would like. I will start that out with Mr. Bowman. Tell me about the pay for performance model TNC is using in the Saginaw Bay area. It sounds pretty interesting. Can you expand on this?