    Mr. HANNA. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to make a comment about the Import-Export Bank--I do support it. I know, for example, Boeing is talking about exporting some of their jobs for manufacturing, I believe, and what is true, and you said this yourself, Mr. Messinger, is that there are hundreds and hundreds of small companies that depend on these larger companies to pull all this together and export their products.    Mr. Brightbill, the assumption of enforcement is flying around the room here today, that it is actually doable. For example, currency manipulation in China, the numbers, as you said, go from 10 percent to 20 percent to 30. Nobody really knows, and it is a fungible number anyway because it is something that can change in a heartbeat.    Two things. What do you think the actual number, say, is from China in your opinion? And are the things that we assume are enforceable--we listen to Elizabeth Warren and it is fair that in my office we get a lot of very negative calls over this because people are afraid. They look at what Ms. Velazquez says and they agree with her. So, but it is also clear we cannot wall ourselves off to a world of opportunity. So if the key to all this is telling people you are going to enforce things and make something change that you do not like, is it doable? And what have we seen that would lead us to believe that? We have not seen much. So how do you enforce--I mean, it is just a word if there are no teeth. So go ahead.    Mr. HANNA. Somehow is the core of this argument though that you cannot deal with any of this unless you have agreements, I mean, in the absence of agreements, we have what we have. So in the presence of agreements we have more opportunity. And let us face it. Our tariffs are low. The goal is to lower everyone else's so that we can have more free movement. But if currency manipulation continues at some level then without enforcement.    And the other thing that bothers me about this is the path to enforcement is impossible almost. I mean, you take a small company, and Mr. Messinger, I have actually used your equipment, thousands of pieces. You make good stuff. How do you respond to that? I mean, what do you----    Mr. HANNA. So you see that as a positive thing obviously because we do not have a good system now.    Mr. HANNA. Right. I mean, and Boeing has Airbus subsidized company; right?    Mr. HANNA. Thank you for your time.    Thank you, Chairman.