    Mr. Bridenstine. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am a Navy pilot myself. Loved your discussion about the E-2 Hawkeye. I was one of those guys that flew off the carrier. And of course, we did tactics so that they wouldn't know where we were coming from necessarily.    And then, of course, doing the EMCON recoveries required high-intensity operations from the Hawkeye because we would offset a pretty significant distance and then control the recovery.    I would just share with you, one of the challenges we faced over and over again with network-centric warfare as a capability was the interoperations of all the different systems.    We would have, you know, one kind of system for the E-2 Hawkeye, and then the other systems weren't necessarily interoperable with what the Hawkeye was using at the time.    Is there evidence today that there is more interoperability and integration in this network-centric capability that we are developing?    Mr. Bridenstine. Not probably much.    Mr. Bridenstine. Yes.    Mr. Bridenstine. Right.    Mr. Bridenstine. Single integrated air picture.    Mr. Bridenstine. Right, which was the Hawkeye initiative.    Mr. Bridenstine. Right.    Mr. Bridenstine. So when we network together sufficient target information to where we have got actually fire control coordinates that we can launch on from a non-associated platform, obviously that extends the stick out a lot further, which is optimum given the threats that we face. We need to be able to effect lethality much further away.    And the challenge that we have in that environment is ID , whether it is maybe emitting something, we can ID it, there are non-cooperative means that we can ID. But as you push, you know, the engagement further away, the ID piece gets more and more difficult.    Are there thoughts about how to solve that issue?    Mr. Bridenstine. Right.    Mr. Bridenstine. Right.    Mr. Bridenstine. Well, I am out of time. But I want to get this on the record just so everybody is aware and for the chairman's sake as well.    The greatest network-centric capability pushing the threat out as far as we can get it, we all love that.    At the end of the day, if you have to send a pilot to the merge in order to get a VID , that is not the answer we are looking for. So we have got to have solutions for that.    And with that, I will yield back, Mr. Chairman.