    Ms. Higgins. All right. Here we go. Mr. Chairman Franks, Ranking Member Cohen, and distinguished Members of the Subcommittee, I am grateful to have asked by the Subcommittee to testify today in support of the Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act of 2016, or H.R. 4924.    Passing this bill is a necessary and proactive step in the fight to end gender inequality domestically and abroad. Many people in the United States assume that sex discrimination has been all but eliminated here. Yet, a violent form of sex discrimination in the form of sex selective abortion, practiced on girls in particular, is still permitted within our boarders.    Sex selective abortion is choosing to abort a preborn child based solely on that child's sex. Any discrimination against a unique human individual based on sex alone constitutes sex discrimination, and it cannot stand. Congress has the opportunity here, through the passage of the Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act to prohibit the discriminatory practice of sex selective abortion, thereby confirming the fact that women have the same inherent civil and human rights as men.    I intend to testify to the existence of sex discrimination through sex selective abortion, the seriousness of it, and the justifications in enacting this bill. My comments are condensed from my extensive research paper just published by Charlotte Lozier Institute this week. The findings on sex selective abortion in this bill are quite extensive, and I think they highlight the prevalence of the problem here in the United States, and the problem globally of sex discrimination against girls via abortion.    Ban on sex selective abortion to protect girls, in particular from the practice of gendercide. We know that studies show that at conception and at birth the ratio of males to females, naturally, biologically, is about equal.    Additionally, there is little to no variation in sex ratios in relation to maternal race or age. So, any kind of skewed sex ratio at birth cannot be explained away by natural variations. There are well documented practices of infanticide and sex selective abortion of female children, and that has resulted in upwards of 160 million missing girls across the globe.    So, what we are saying here is it is affecting the human society in general. Sex selection in favor of males is known to be a problem in certain cultures based on the idea of son preference, but the practice of son preference is not limited to certain cultures or countries. In fact, European countries have numbers similar to that skewed numbers of China and India, particularly the Caucasus.    Opponents of these bans will claim that this precaution is not needed, because the ratio is balanced in the United States overall. That balanced ratio belies the fact that Western nations such as the U.K. and the U.S. have seen a spike in sex ratio imbalance within certain subpopulations inside our own borders. Studies have shown that. And another two studies out of Canada came out this week confirming those very numbers in extreme sex imbalance ratios.    Additionally, we have a lot of commercial advertisements. I saw three websites this week that advertise in the United States finding out the gender of your child as early as 10 weeks gestation for the purpose of family balancing. There's no way to family balance past pregnancy without sex selective abortion.    The abysmal state of abortion reporting data does not allow us, in the United States, to have exact numbers. But the question before us is not, ``What are the exact numbers?'' The question before us is whether any abortion done for reasons of sex selection is permissible in light of our tradition, and laws protecting persons from discrimination based on sex alone.    The American public overwhelmingly supports bans on sex selective abortion, because they understand this violates American tradition of holding up the idea that women and men are equal under the law, and should be thusly protected. Sex discrimination through sex selective abortion is a violent form of sex discrimination, and needs to be eliminated, not just globally, but also here in the United States.    We have seen Congress say that this is not permissible practice overseas. We have seen Secretary of State Clinton, the United Nations, all come out against sex selective abortion. But, if we do not address this here, we have no right to address it elsewhere. So, we must accept that this occurs globally. And Congress can take their first step in eliminating the reprehensive practice of discriminating against women by banning sex selective abortion here in the United States, and thereby retain its moral authority to say, ``This should not happen anywhere.'' Thank you.    Ms. Higgins. Based on Gonzales v. Carhart, you are correct, Mr. Chairman, in saying that this was a ban on a partial birth abortion. So, that is one practice of abortion. Okay. So, what we are looking at here is a ban on a single reason for an elective abortion that is a single discriminatory reason.    So, what the courts did here in Gonzales is they upheld that prohibition, whether it was pre-viability or post-viability, it did not matter. And the health exception of the mother was not included, because they said, ``There is an alternative.'' There is an alternative to this partial birth abortion, so there is no reason the State cannot prohibit this one practice.    So, this is analogous in that all you are doing is prohibiting one reason, or availability of obtaining an elective abortion that does not implicate the health of the mother. So, it does not present an undue burden standard under Planned Parenthood v. Casey, which is where we look to our abortion jurisprudence standard. And they also said that the State have an interest in regulating abortion if they are instituting a mechanism that shows a profound respect for life, which this bill does.    Ms. Higgins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Basically, this bill--it does a couple things. First of all, what you said is, ``The reason we are addressing this sex selective abortion in this PRENDA bill, the importance of addressing that, is that it is taking a holistic view.'' This is the most lethal form of sex discrimination that is practiced globally, and in the United States. It has to be addressed.    Not only am I saying this, but it is something that we have seen former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton say, that we as the U.S. must lead the way to promote women's rights and women's equality, in reference to infanticide and sex selective abortions.    Nobuko Horibe, who is the director of the U.N. Population Fund on Asia and Pacific regional office said, ``We have to give priority to programs like PRENDA that foster norms''; she did not say, ``like PRENDA,'' but that is my statement there; ``that foster norms in an attitude of zero tolerance for discrimination such as prenatal sex selection.''    Gender equality is at the very heart of each country's successful development. Zero tolerance of sex discrimination necessarily involves banning the practice of sex selective abortion. The government has a compelling interest in protecting anyone, whether it is male or female, from any instance of sex discrimination. That is a compelling interest.    And we know that a compelling interest would require that the government have an exceedingly persuasive justification to survive Constitutional scrutiny. Whereas, in abortion jurisprudence, you do not even get to the fundamental rights language. But you do in sex selection, because it amounts to discrimination. And we see that in the Civil Rights Act.    The Civil Rights Act was, basically, also applied to private individuals who discriminate. So, it is in fact a very important government interest. It is a compelling interest. And when we say that PRENDA is not necessary, why are we setting--we are saying it is not necessary here, because we do not have that many sex selective abortions. Well, it happens here.    So, what PRENDA does is eliminate that practice. What we are saying is, ``There are no tolerable levels of lethal sex discrimination against girls.'' There is no tolerable level, whether it is one or 1 million. It is not acceptable. The 14th Amendment guarantees everyone equal protection under the law. That is a compelling government interest that we must protect. We must take a holistic view. And it includes banning sex selective abortion. Otherwise, we cannot be a moral authority overseas and tell people they cannot do it, if we do.    So, the second thing PRENDA does, I think, that is important is it allows women--and we know there are documented instances of women in communities around this country in the United States who are coerced into having sex selective abortions against their will. So, what PRENDA does, it allows that woman an out. It allows them a civil remedy against anyone who has coerced them to have an abortion against their will based on the reasons of sex selection. So, it empowers women to know that the government stands behind them in protecting them from this practice.    So, I think those are the two main things PRENDA does, and I think that they are justified under the Constitution.