    Mr. Smith. The subcommittee will come to order, and good afternoon. I apologize to our witnesses and guests for the delay. We did have a series of votes, and we can never anticipate that. So I want to apologize for that rather significant delay of \1/2\ hour.    The Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 directed the President to publish and update a list of each person the President has reason to conclude was responsible for the detention, abuse, or death of Sergei Magnitsky, a leader and accounting advisor with Firestone Duncan, an international law and accounting firm with offices in Moscow and London.    William Browder, chief executive officer of Hermitage Capital Management, Limited, one of today's witnesses and a driving force behind the 2012 Magnitsky Act and the legislation that has now been introduced and is pending before our committee, has provided a detailed account of the violent expropriation of the assets of Hermitage, the largest foreign investment brokerage in Russia, by rampant Russian Government corruption, bribery, fraud, forgery, cronyism, and outright theft.    Magnitsky had documented Hermitage's loss and other financial dealings, including draining some $230 million from the Russian Treasury by tax fraud. He was arrested in November 2008 reportedly for tax evasion, and denied medical care, family visits, or due legal process, while in custody. He was beaten and tortured and died in prison in November 2009. He was 37 years old and married with two young children.    The Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 targeted those who participated in related liability concealment efforts, financially benefitted from Sergei Magnitsky's detention, abuse, or death, or were involved in the criminal conspiracy uncovered by Magnitsky or responsible for extrajudicial killings, torture, or other human rights violations committed against individuals seeking to expose illegal activity carried out by Russian officials or against persons seeking to promote human rights and freedoms.    The act directed the Secretaries of State and Treasury to annually report to Congress on actions taken to implement the act, including rejecting visa applications, revoking existing visas, and blocking property transactions for persons the President put on the Magnitsky list.    The United States is, as we all know, the land of opportunity, but it should not be for those who misused and murdered Sergei Magnitsky. Without the original act, the government officials and business people who perpetrated crimes against a young man, against a major international firm, and against even the Russian people themselves by stealing from them could have taken their ill-gotten gains and come to this country to purchase property and live the good life in the United States.    Today's hearing will examine the need for H.R. 624, the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act, which extends these human rights and anti-corruption tools to other countries. The House passed the 2012 Magnitsky Act by a vote of 365 to 43, and there is a strong majority-minority co-sponsorship for H.R. 624.    Since the original Magnitsky Act became law in December 2012, human rights victims and advocates from around the world and anti-corruption champions have asked for a Global Magnitsky Act, first asking that such acts be enacted for specific countries.    H.R. 624 ensures, with minimal cost or burden to the U.S., that our Government gives some justice to victims and stands in solidarity with them in a tangible way, shines a spotlight on perpetrators making them pariahs, and pressures governments to prosecute perpetrators who are their citizens.    The Global Magnitsky Act is intended to destruct the impunity and comfort that far too many international human rights violators currently enjoy, and to keep their tainted money out of our financial systems. It also fights the human rights abuses and corruption that generate national security terrorism and economic threats to the United States.    A few years ago Teodorin Obiang Mangue, son of the President of Equatorial Guinea, visited the United States regularly using funds siphoned from American companies operating in his country. He lived a glamorous life in Malibu, California, dating celebrities and collecting expensive cars. When France issued a warrant for his arrest after he refused to appear at a money laundering hearing, his father provided him with diplomatic immunity to escape prosecution.    In 2012, June, after years of trying to track Teodorin's wealth, the U.S. Department of Justice finally filed a lawsuit in California court alleging massive money laundering and listing among the scandalous kettle of assets his $35 million Malibu mansion with a four-hole golf course, tennis court, and two swimming pools. That is just one of the acquisitions he made in the United States.    The financial manipulations of this young man led in part to the closing of Riggs Bank in Washington, one of the capital's premier financial institutions. Such people should not be able to steal from foreign firms and their own people and then use those funds to live lavishly in our country.    Similarly, those who torture and otherwise commit the worst human rights violations against others should not be welcomed here either. And I have written legislation over the years to enforce that principle. The Ethiopia Freedom, Democracy, and Human Rights Advancement Act of 2006 would have prevented officials who ordered the callous shooting of peaceful demonstrators in Ethiopia from entering this country.    The Foreign Relations Act for Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 became law--I was the prime sponsor of it--and it required the U.S. Government to impose visa bans on any foreign national the Secretary of State has determined is directly involved in establishing or enforcing population control policies that force a woman to undergo abortions against her will or force a man or woman to undergo sterilizations against their will.    And then there is the Belarus Democracy Act of 2004 and its reauthorizations, which also became law, that imposed visa bans and asset freezes on government officials from the Government of Belarus because of their violations of basic human rights and freedoms, and that has now malaffected, as it should, one of the last dictators in Europe, Alexander Lukashenka, and his cronies.    If we stand by quietly when governments refuse to prosecute human rights abusers and financial fraudsters, then we welcome those guilty of such crimes into the U.S. and into our financial systems, we are indeed enabling their crimes. The 2012 Magnitsky Act was a major step in freeing ourselves from aiding and abetting international perpetrators.    H.R. 624 makes the next step in taking a stand against their crimes. If we are serious about rejecting their deeds, perhaps their governments and other governments will become more serious as well.    I would like to yield to Ms. Bass, the ranking member of the subcommittee.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Ms. Bass.    I would like to now recognize Mr. Emmer.    Mr. Smith. Thank you, Mr. Emmer.    The chair recognizes Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much.    I would like to now introduce this very distinguished panel of doers and shakers, men and women, who have made a tremendous difference in the lives of especially those who have had their human rights violated around the globe.    Beginning first with Bill Browder, who is founder and CEO of Hermitage Capital Management. He was the largest foreign investor in Russia until November 2005 when he was denied entry to the country and declared a threat to national security by the Russian Government for exposing corruption at large Russian companies.    In 2008, Russian authorities arrested and imprisoned his lawyer, Sergei Magnitsky, after Mr. Magnitsky uncovered and reported a $230 million fraud committed by the Russian Government officials. Mr. Magnitsky was tortured and denied medical help in prison for months, and finally beaten to death by prison guards in November 2009.    Bill Browder has since led a global campaign to expose the corruption and human rights abuses endemic in Russia. A result of this campaign was the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 being signed into law, imposing visa bans and asset freezes on certain officials involved in Magnitsky's death and on other gross violations of human rights in Russia.    We will then hear from Ms. Rebiya Kadeer, who is a prominent human rights advocate and leader of the Uyghur people. She is the mother of 11 children and a former laundress turned millionaire. She spent 6 years in a Chinese prison for standing up to the authoritarian Chinese Government. Before her arrest in 1999, she was a well-known Uyghur businesswoman, and at one time among the wealthiest individuals in the People's Republic of China.    Ms. Kadeer has been actively campaigning for the human rights of the Uyghur people since her release. As a matter of fact, she has appeared before this subcommittee at least a half a dozen times, and we have benefitted greatly from her wise counsel and insight.    She has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize several times since 2006, despite the Chinese Government's efforts to discredit her. Ms. Kadeer remains a leading pro-democracy Uyghur leader and heads the World Uyghur Congress, which represents the collective interests of the Uyghur people around the world.    We will then hear from Mr. Kenneth Weinstein, who is president and chief executive officer of the Hudson Institute. He joined the Institute in 1991 and was appointed CEO in June 2005. Mr. Weinstein was the president and CEO in March 2011. A political theorist by training whose academic work focuses on the early Enlightenment, Mr. Weinstein has written widely on international affairs for leading publications in the U.S., Europe, and Asia.    He serves as a member of the Broadcasting Board of Governors, the oversight body for U.S. Government civilian international media, including such networks as Voice of America, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Radio Free Asia, and Middle East Broadcasting.    We will then hear from Dr. Daniel Calingaert, who is an executive vice president at Freedom House. In his role, he oversees Freedom House's contributions to policy debate on democracy and human rights issues and outreach to the U.S. Congress, foreign governments, media, and Freedom House supporters.    He previously supervised Freedom House's civil society programs worldwide. He contributes frequently to policy and media discussions on democracy issues, including Internet freedom, elections, authoritarian regimes, and democracy assistance.    He taught at Georgetown, Johns Hopkins, and American University. He served as director for Asia, as a deputy director for Eastern Europe at the International Republican Institute, where he designed and managed a wide range of promotion programs.    Mr. Cicilline.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Browder.    Mr. Smith. Mr. Browder, thank you so very much.    Rebiya Kadeer.    Mr. Smith. Thank you so very much, Ms. Kadeer.    Mr. Weinstein.    Mr. Smith. Dr. Weinstein, thank you very much for your testimony and insights.    Dr. Calingaert.    Mr. Smith. Thank you very much for your testimonies, and for yours, Dr. Caligaert.    Let me just ask a few opening questions. This bill is all about micro-targeting. It is to ensure that the people who commit the crime, while they may not do time, they certainly won't be able to come to the United States and buy and sell assets as well as physically come here. It makes them inadmissible.    Since I did write the law in 2000 which targeted the forced abortion perpetrators in the People's Republic of China, I had asked the Congressional Research Service to tell us what they think the number of people who were made inadmissible turned out to be, and the report came back that it was less than 30, which was an absolute horror to me.    You know, 14 years later, although the report from the CRS was a few years ago, there was a lack of enforcement that I found to be appalling. And Rebiya Kadeer in the past has talked about how the Uyghurs are targeted for the coercive population control policies as a matter of genocide, not just to thin the herd, to put it in a very crude way, because that is how the Chinese Government looks at it, but as an act of genocide.    China gets a pass frequently when it comes to human rights. I wrote the Trafficking Victims Protection Act. By law, they had to place China on Tier 3 because of its residing on the watch list for the requisite number of years. Then, as soon as the government--in this case the Obama administration--had the opportunity to put them back onto the watch list, they did it, which was appalling to me.    And so what I am suggesting is, how do we ensure that the mega countries, the big countries, the ones with whom we have large amounts of trade, perhaps those that we are afraid of, and I do think there is far too much fear at State on the PRC--I mean, it is easy to focus on Belarus and others, and I know because I know that law, the Belarus Democracy Act. Two hundred-plus people are on the list. The European Union parallels our list. Lukashenka's companies and other cronies of his cannot do business here or in Europe, which is a great thing, but Belarus is ``this'' big as compared to China.    So, please give your thoughts on how do we ensure effectiveness. We purposely put a national security waiver in. As Bill Browder knows, no national interest waiver, which is one of the weakest of the standards. We have reporting to give us reasons why they are not taking action. Many will feed into the list of perpetrators that the State Department has to look at to put on the list, including NGOs.    It is a big question, because, you know, I have writing human rights law all my career, 35 years here, and we always take a pass when it comes to the Chinas of this world, but we will focus on Honduras, we will focus on something smaller where retaliation is not something we are worried about.    Bill.    Mr. Smith. Anybody else?    Mr. Smith. If I could, on the issue of retaliation and commercial interests, I expect there will be a significant pushback from the Chamber of Commerce perhaps. I am a great believer that the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act had a tremendous impact on ensuring that our businessmen and women were not tricked or coerced or even unwittingly, or perhaps even willingly, become bribers of officials.    By having that standard, it actually makes it more likely when we deal in other countries that we just say, ``Look, I can't do this. I can't break the law.'' And it helps level the playing field, at least for U.S. competitors, but not necessarily international.    But I am wondering if this will incentivize this bill, more transparency, respect for international human rights, or do you think the argument that we will have lodged against it that it will hurt commercial interests--I mean, to this day, I am shocked beyond words--when Bill Clinton delinked Most Favored Nation status on May 26, 1994, with China and human rights, and we lost leverage as never before after all of us lauded him for linking it in the first place.    Profits trumped human rights, and I have concerns that that pressure will build. I mean, we are seeing it even with the fast track proposal that is likely to be up on the floor of the House and the Senate for TPP. In two Congresses in a row, House has passed my bill called the Vietnam Human Rights Act, all kinds of benchmarks, and Vietnam gets a pass. As they did with the Bilateral Trade Agreement, things got worse after the trade agreement, not better.    And so how do we make the case that this will lead to more transparency, better practices? Would any of you like to take that on? Because I think besides, you know, torture, which we all at this witness table, and on this side of the dais as well, are passionate about, I think this makes for a better environment for doing business, because corruption does hijack democracy.    I chair the delegation to OSCE Parliamentary Assembly. One year, in Bucharest, the whole theme was corruption and how it hijacks democracies. And I don't think that is readily understood. So if any of you would like to take a shot at that? Bill.    Mr. Smith. We will ask the administration to testify, to give their views on the bill at our next hearing on this, but we will also write to them in the meantime to try to get their input to see if they can support this.    I am afraid that part of the objection will be, and I would appreciate your view on this, they will say the Office of Foreign Assets Control does not have sufficient personnel. If past is prologue, we will probably get a hyperinflated number as to how many people need to be working this.    We got this on the International Megan's Law, we got it on a trafficking bill, we got it on a religious freedom bill. They say people can't be double- and triple-hatted and make this a part of their portfolio. And then CBO comes in and gives us a score that becomes, you know, a killer cost.    Do we have resources now sufficient, or do we need to be hiring more people, do you think?    Mr. Smith. Ms. Kadeer.    Mr. Smith. Yes, Bill.    Mr. Smith. Well put. Unfortunately, there is a vote on the floor with 2\1/2\ minutes left, and then there might be a followup to this vote. I do have some additional questions. I would like to submit it to you, and perhaps you could get back to us for the record.    But thank you for your leadership. Thank you for your testimonies. It certainly has been most helpful and insightful. And I look forward to working with you going forward.    The hearing is adjourned.