    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Madam Chair, and thank you, Ranking Member.    Some of us have been around a little while, and we have seen procurements come and go. I guess I will ask Ms. Gambler: Your review of the systems, can you share with the committee your analysis of whether or not we are getting better at procurements? Or we are about where we have been all the time?    Ms. Gambler. I think in this area, as it relates to border security, I think there has been some progress made, even relative to what we reported on 2 years ago as it relates to technologies under the Arizona Surveillance Technology Plan.    CBP has been updating their schedules for some of the programs. They--what is called rebaselined the IFT program late last year. They are working on piloting an independent cost estimate for the RVSS program. So I think in certain areas, Ranking Member Thompson, they have made progress. I think there are still some key areas where we would like to see some additional progress, including for them to be able to assess what they are getting out of the systems. We are also, as we are starting some new work in these areas interested to see the results of some of the testing that's been done on the systems that has been recently deployed. So that is still, I think, an open question for us.    Mr. Thompson. Thank you. I would--Mr. Borkowski, were you around with SBInet?    Mr. Thompson. So you know where I am going, right?    Mr. Thompson. Can you tell me if your clean-up has been complete? Can you give the committee assurance that the missteps made with SBInet won't be made again?    Mr. Thompson. How much of a reliance--excuse me. Are we relying on outside contractors to do that? Have we been able to pull that capacity within the organization?    Mr. Thompson. So is building up the Government workforce capacity an issue of you not being able to find the people, or you don't have the money if you found them, to employ them?    Mr. Thompson. So how long does it take to hire somebody?    Mr. Thompson. Have you highlighted your lack of being able to get people in a reasonable period of time as one of the weaknesses in the operation?    Mr. Thompson. Madam Chair, I think at some point, we might order from a human resources standpoint look at it, because all of us running the people all the time who are very qualified, who want to work for the Government----    Mr. Thompson . But if you tell them it takes a year, something like that, we ought to be able to come up with a better way of vetting people and getting them into the system.    Mr. Thompson. I guess the last point is, it costs more to have outside contractors, right?    Mr. Thompson. So you wanted two-thirds or one-third?    Mr. Thompson. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Thompson. Right. I am just trying to make sure that we don't lose sight of the fact that that process is still--and what have you, and I would like my full statement to be admitted into the record.