    Mr. Grothman. Thank you for being here today.    Just so I get it straight, the occupational disability program, what is the percent of people's pay or how much do you determine we get every month if you become eligible for this?    Mr. Grothman. OK. How about the total and permanent disability program, what do they get?    Mr. Grothman. OK.    Mr. Grothman. Do you know percentage-wise every year how many people apply for these programs?    Mr. Grothman. Wait a minute, I must be missing something here. Thirty percent of what are applying?    Mr. Grothman. So, every year, 2 percent of the employees say they are disabled?    Mr. Grothman. Yep.    Mr. Grothman. Right.    Mr. Grothman. How many of the employees under this system every year percentage-wise, say, I am disabled?    Mr. Grothman. Eighteen percent of the people said they were disabled? I mean, could you compare that to other occupations out there in the world like the--both government and nongovernment like----    Mr. Grothman. I am either asking the question wrong or something. That can't be right.    Mr. Grothman. Sure.    Mr. Grothman. OK, that is not the question. I think you are missing the question.    Mr. Grothman. Of all the people who would be eligible to be disabled, of your sea of people who are working under these programs, what percent of employees every year submit a claim of some nature for disability? That is the question.    Mr. Grothman. OK, so we are looking at about, I guess what you told me, like 2,000----    Mr. Grothman. OK. OK, and how many people are in the program total who would be eligible? What I'm trying to get at here is, there are X number of railroad employees who could hypothetically become disabled. Every year a given percent say, I'm disabled. What is that percent? How many people--how many working employees do you have every year who could be covered by the system? Let's see how we can work this through for you.    Mr. Grothman. OK, so then we are saying about 1 percent of the employees every year say they are disabled, is that what we are trying to say?    Mr. Grothman. Well, I mean----    Mr. Grothman. OK, the deal we are trying to get at----    Mr. Grothman. There's 61,000 people that are currently on some form of disability, railroad disability? No?    Mr. Grothman. Sure.    Mr. Grothman. Yes, I'm going to followup on what I talked to you before about, Mr. Schwartz.    Mr. Grothman. I mean, my concern is, is there a culture of disability developing within the railroad system. Okay? You know, and that is a problem you have all around our society in which people, you know, begin to look for the--look to say they are disabled when they aren't.    How long has this current system been in existence, Mr. Schwartz?    Mr. Grothman. The 1940's, OK. Can you go back and tell us, say, 1960, 1970, 1980, the percent of people who were filing for disability every year compared to, say, 2005, 2010?    Mr. Grothman. It is a misleading total, though. What you are doing there is you are comparing disability awards.    Mr. Grothman. No, no. What we are looking for is of the total people in the system, how many people are claiming they are disabled in any given year?    Mr. Grothman. I would hope you would have it, but OK. You have a given number of people who every year are part of the system, right, paying into the system, working in the railroad. OK, and every year, a given percentage of those people say: I am disabled; I am entitled to something. OK?    And the question we are trying to get at, first of all, is, what is that percentage, say, in the year 2010, compared to the year 1990 or 1980? The question is, are we developing a culture in which people are saying, ``I'm disabled''? That's what we are trying to get.    Mr. Grothman. OK, and I would also like to know if you can compare that to other occupations. OK? Disability compared to--I know they break these down by occupations by State, like maybe people working in a factory, you know, maybe policemen, whatever. So we can compare the number of people who are saying they are disabled in the railroad industry compared to other places.    Mr. Grothman. That's what we are trying to see here. OK?    We also like to know, you look, when we talk about this high approval rate in which everybody says ``I'm disabled,'' you know, they wave you through; sure, you are disabled. If you could give us those numbers and maybe I would think yourself would want to compare not only the Social Security disability, but maybe people who say they are disabled in other occupations as well. You know, look at individual cities when they say maybe union disability, you know, police and fire, that way, percentage of people that you are approving compared to other groups.    Mr. Grothman. And, see, it is an important thing because, you know, this money is coming from somewhere. OK, we are asked to do things like subsidize. I don't know whether Amtrak is part of this, but, I mean, insofar as we are just bleeding money here, that's a problem, and not to mention, it gets to the general overall decline of society in which people are able to say, ``Guess what, I'm disabled,'' and people are accepting it.    And there are other areas of society that are going to have to look at Social Security disability. But, from the testimony I hear today, I am gathering there is that culture in the railroad industry that says: You know, I'm going to say I'm disabled. And we want to see if that's true.