    Mr. Batten. Yeah.    Mr. Batten. Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Grayson, good morning. My name is Frank Batten, and I'm the President of the Landmark Foundation. We're a private foundation that supports educational, environmental, and human service organizations. I greatly appreciate the opportunity to testify today regarding a positive example of a near completed cooperative research and development agreement, or CRADA. And we did this with the Department of Energy's Argonne National Lab. The CRADA relates to what we believe should be an important component of our country's national energy policy, the--which is the recycling of used nuclear fuel through a demonstrated U.S. technology called pyroprocessing. We have no commercial interest in this area, and no financial agenda, but we believe that the U.S. can significantly benefit from recycling used nuclear fuel through pyroprocessing. While private industry can, and should, play a role, federal government R&D funds are essential if the benefits of this technology are to be realized.    Pyroprocessing has been the subject of Federal R&D for many years, and Argonne has led the way. The technology is now capable of recycling used fuel from the country's nuclear power plants for re-use to generate electricity in advanced reactors. Pyroprocessing is good energy policy, it's environmentally sound, it promotes effective use of resources, it can contribute to addressing climate change, and it holds the promise of significantly mitigating the country's used nuclear fuel disposition issue.    I would like to briefly summarize the success story of our partnership with Argonne, which relates to the design for a pilot reprocessing facility. I would also like to brief the Subcommittee on an analysis undertaken by Energy Resources International, or ERI. We commissioned and funded the ERI analysis outside of the CRADA. The ERI report analyzes the costs and benefits of using pyroprocessing and advanced reactors on a commercial scale. Now, I've attached a copy of the ERI report to my testimony, and ask that it be included in the hearing record.    The Landmark Foundation entered into the CRADA with Argonne over two years ago. We invested $5 million, and the federal government invested $1 million in the CRADA. The purpose of the CRADA is to develop the conceptual design and a robust cost estimate for a 100 metric ton per year pilot scale pyroprocessing demonstration facility. The CRADA is a particularly good use of the public/private partnership concept. It leverages prior government funded work, it takes that work to the next level, and it builds a bridge for the U.S. Government to move forward with the detailed design for the pilot facility. All of this, we hope, will spur additional federal funding for a pilot facility.    The ERI report provides a detailed assessment of the costs and technical factors associated with a realistic fuel cycle using pyroprocessing and advanced reactors. ERI concluded that the potential exists to reduce the volume of used commercial fuel, requiring permanent disposal by 50 percent or more, avoiding the need for a second geologic repository. Avoiding a second repository would save the U.S. Government tens of billions of dollars.    According to ERI, re-use of pyroprocessed fuel also would simply the design of a first geologic repository, and reduce the volume of repository space needed by more than 50 percent. This would significantly contribute to reducing the federal government's financial liability associated with its obligation to receive used fuel from its utility standard contract holders.    I'm pleased to be here today to talk both about the success of our partnership with Argonne, and the underlying benefits of further developing the pyroprocessing technology. Thank you for your time and attention.    Mr. Batten. CRADA, yes.    Mr. Batten. C-R-A-D-A.    Mr. Batten. Maybe I'll start with a little bit of background. I live in Norfolk, Virginia, which is only a few feet above sea level, so it's--tells how we got into this.    Mr. Batten. A few feet.    Mr. Batten. You know, like, 2, 3, 4 feet, depending on where you are. And--so we're very concerned about the rising seas that could be caused by climate change. And so we looked around for--well, what could we do to help with that transition to a low carbon energy? And we concluded that lots of people were working on wind, and solar, and batteries, and, you know, savings of--energy savings, all of which are very important, and all of which deserve Federal research dollars. We found out that not nearly as much attention was being given to nuclear power.    So within that it seemed like there were two issues. One was nuclear waste, was there anything that could be done to reduce the nuclear waste problem, since that's such a hindrance to the expansion of nuclear power? And pyro processing seemed like a very promising technology to be able to reduce the nuclear waste problem. And, of course, advanced reactors, fast reactors, when coupled with recycling, also lets you use much more of the energy in uranium. The current, you know, light water reactors use about one percent of the energy in uranium. Fast reactors, with recycling, could use 99 percent of the energy in the uranium.    Mr. Batten. It was developed at Argo National Lab by their work in Chicago, and also by their work out with the Experimental Breeder Reactor II. They have a fuel cycle facility attached to that.    Mr. Batten. So Argonne really developed that.    Mr. Batten. Yes. France--the U.S. currently is not recycling fuel. France is reprocessing, use aqueous reprocess.    Mr. Batten. That's correct, yes.    Mr. Batten. The difference is the aqueous reprocessing produces pure plutonium, which people are obviously concerned about as a proliferation risk, whereas the pyroprocessing produces a mixture of plutonium, all sorts of different isotopes mixed together with other trans-uranics, or those other elements to the right of uranium.    Mr. Batten. I do not know the answer to that.    Mr. Batten. Well, this is the first CRADA we had ever participated in, so it took us a while to just get ourselves up to speed on the process, and understand the agreement, and that sort of thing. But after we did that, we had a very good experience working with the lab, in terms of just kind of working out the cooperative agreement.    I would say by far the best thing about our experience is the technical work of the lab. For--I mean, I'm a layperson scientifically, but my impression is the--Argonne's technical work has just been superb. And, of course, it built on--that's because they have great people, but also they have all this expertise that they've built upon, all their past work.    Mr. Batten. It's true----    Mr. Batten. --from my point of view.    Mr. Batten. Right.    Mr. Batten. I do not have any.    Mr. Batten. Well, I guess the question--I'll maybe answer that a little bit more broadly, sort of what would the next steps be. The--what the CRADA produced--the main thing the CRADA produced was a conceptual design which produced a cost estimate, and the CRADA report should be out in a couple months, and we'll know what that cost will be. Because--what we hope is that Congress will authorize the development of the pilot facility, but we thought you wouldn't really want to do that until you had some idea of what it would cost.