    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for conducting this hearing. I would also like to thank our witness, Mr. Siberell, for being here to discuss the State Department's Counterterrorism Bureau.    In our country's fight against terrorism, one indelible truth has been stated over and over, and it is in order to truly degrade and ultimately defeat foreign terrorists, organizations like ISIS and al-Qaeda, we need a whole government-effort approach. The capacity-building programs funded and coordinated by the State Department's Counterterrorism Bureau are the types of activities in which our Government must continue to engage if we are to be successful in achieving the Bureau's mission of forging partnerships with our partners at home and abroad in counterterrorism law enforcement, counter-threat financing, counter-radicalization efforts, border security, and restricted terrorist travel.    Undoubtedly, the Bureau has worked to accomplish these critical objectives while the State Department has revamped its efforts to tackle one of the hardest aspects of counterterrorism, and that is combating violent extremism.    The new Center for Global Engagement is attempting to effectively coordinate, integrate, and synchronize messaging to foreign audiences that undermines the disinformation espoused by violent extremist groups. To be sure, this is not an easy task, and we will hear in detail from Mr. Siberell on the challenges facing the Bureau.    I am particularly interested in hearing how leadership has addressed a Government Accountability Office report released last year on resources, performance, and coordination within the Bureau.    Finally, it is vital that we ensure that funds appropriated, the Counterterrorism Bureau for these capacity-building programs are being used wisely, and the United States is getting a good return on its investment.    As I stated at the beginning, the Counterterrorism Bureau plays a critical role in our fight against terrorism, particularly with regards to interagency and regional collaboration. I look forward to hearing from our witness today and to discuss the issues that will ensure.    I yield back.    Mr. Keating. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Last week, I was in Tunisia, and the situation there was described in terms of dealing with terrorist issues there by the President himself as fragile, a term he used in our conversation at least 10 times by my count. And you are looking at a country like that that is struggling to do so many things, and he kept impressing on us, too, and I have seen it in other countries, particularly in that region, where they are getting stressed, leaders are, particularly leaders that are trying to move forward in a way that improves democracy.    The economic issue is just squeezing them on one end in terms of support. Some of the other changes that languish, too, are a problem.    How is the Bureau working, you know, to coordinate not only counterterrorism but also rule-of-law issues? How do they factor that in, economic issues? Because I don't think there will be a lasting effort with this without a strong collaboration on all of those issues.    Mr. Keating. I was there.    Mr. Keating. Yes. I think they deserve great credit for what they are trying to do, but they are definitely in a very tenuous situation doing it.    Let me just shift quickly. Twitter requested last week as well, one of its partners Dataminr, a service that offers advanced social media analytics and early detection of major events like terrorist attacks, to stop providing intelligence agencies with their tools and their content. Does this affect the relationship with the CT or with the Bureau of Global Engagement at all, these kind of actions?    Mr. Keating. Yes, with law enforcement----    Mr. Keating . Agencies.    Mr. Keating. In terms of content, do you ever use testimonials from foreign fighters who have come back disillusioned?    Mr. Keating. And again on messaging, and it is too bad I can't--we are limited with time, but on messaging, are you using women and community-based projects? Well, Denmark just advanced a program where it is concentrating on a network of mothers to identify early signs. Are you engaged in that, and how successful has that been?    Mr. Keating. Just lastly, I will give you a chance--the GAO reported recently that there were staffing positions that weren't filled and recommended that they be filled. What is the status of that right now?    Mr. Keating. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.