    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.    Mr. Black, first, I want to commend you for your rich tradition of your family business and your contributions to the economy, and the jobs you provide in the community. Thank you.    While citrus farms are not prominent in Michigan as in Florida and California, we do rank, I just want to brag, we do rank number one nationally in the production of blueberries and tart cherries. We have our claim to fame.    In your testimony, you talk about the--changing the Tax Code to allow growers to immediately expense costs in the year that they take place. Mr. Black, can you elaborate on the need for the change and how it benefits citrus growers, and would the government experience any cost, and if so, would they be substantial? Can you comment on that, please?    Mrs. Lawrence. Would this change have an impact or this incentive, do you see it going across other types of fruit industries as well? Do you--are you advocating for this to be a change in the Code that would impact all growers?    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.    Any other members of the panel would like to comment on the Tax Code?    My last question is, we talked about the fruit flies, and I think it was Mr. Murden commented on that. You talked about what you are currently doing to mitigate it. What are the costs? What would it cost to mitigate the fruit flies? And do you have--as far as the government, how can we partner with you in that?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. Well, thank you all so much.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yield back.    Mrs. Lawrence. Yes, please.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    My question was a follow-up to--and I really am glad that the chair brought up the issue of the trade.    My understanding is that while there are open doors for our country and your industry to export, where are you with the import issue?    You know, absolutely, Mr. Black, the control and the regulation of the quality of the food that we receive is a very, very high priority. But with that being said, I am very much in tune to the auto industry, and I know that the--this bill, without controls of tariffs and other issues, it gives an advantage.    Our current proposal gives advantage to the foreign companies where they can devalue the yen and do a lot of things.    So let's talk about the--if we open the doors to the citrus market through the trade, how would that impact my United States costs, and your ability to maintain a certain level of profit in your industry? Has that been considered and discussed?    Anyone can jump in on that.    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay.    Mrs. Lawrence. Mr. Severns, do you have anything?    Mrs. Lawrence. Dr. Rogers, or Mr. Murden, any comments on that?    Mrs. Lawrence. Okay. That is a question that I really, as we are now debating and entertaining this, is the devil is in the details. And that, you know, just to say that we want trade and open up the gates, there is an obligation, responsibility of Congress to ensure that it is fair and that we do protect the quality that when we start talking about food that is coming into our country. So thank you very much.    Mrs. Lawrence. I yield back, sir.    Mrs. Lawrence. Thank you.