    Mr. Carney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I thank the gentleman from California because I do have to go.    I am going to resist the urge to get pulled into this debate about what the government should or shouldn't tell small investors, but I would like to associate myself with the comments by my friend from Connecticut, Mr. Himes. I voted for the JOBS Act, as well, and I worked hard with Mr. Fincher, my friend from Tennessee, on the IPO On-Ramp part of it.    And there were a lot of folks in the industry and in my State who worked on it and expressed concern about it. Delaware, as you may know, is the place where most of these companies are incorporated. And my friends in the Division of Incorporation had alerted me to the--to what they were seeing a couple of years ago with the lack of companies going to an IPO, and we know that those public offerings have increased since the JOBS Act passed, and there was some testimony that each of you made with that respect.    I thought that the 404(b) audit question would be one of the things that the IPO On-Ramp provided a 5-year phase-in and that would be the biggest thing that some of these emerging growth companies would look to in choosing to go do an IPO with--as an emerging growth company. But actually, as was mentioned earlier, I think by Mr. Griggs, it is the confidential filing piece that we hear is the most important part of that IPO On-Ramp. Mr. Griggs said that we should allow all companies to file confidentially.    Mr. Beatty, do you have a view of that?    Mr. Carney. What would those be, at a real practical level? The attractiveness of it from the other side is a company can do that, ``test the waters,'' is the terminology that is used, and not have to give up concerns about their I.P. or whatever it might be. So what would the concern on the other side of the scale be with respect to that idea?    Mr. Carney. Great.    One of the provision in the JOBS Act that did concern me was the crowdfunding aspect for concern about fraud and the vulnerability of unsophisticated investors. And I would just like to ask Mr. Laws and Mr. Keating, we really don't have, as Mr. Beatty said, any Federal experience here. Why should we change the rules now before doing that?    Mr. Carney. So do those apply to the investors that I am most concerned about, the unsophisticated investor who--    Mr. Carney. Mr. Keating, I have 24 seconds.    Mr. Carney. Great. Thank you all for being here today.