    Ms. Kiley. Chairwoman, Ranking Member, and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for having me. I am already really awed by what I am hearing, and excited about it as a member that is actually using these benefits, and helping my family become healthier, building a stronger community, and it is really wonderful, so thank you.    I want to thank you guys for opportunities. There are so many opportunities I am thankful for, for a part of a community, and a nation, that lets voices be heard, and really working with that to change. I have a lot to say about SNAP. I have a lot to say about WIC. I know I am not here to talk to WIC, but these are things that have taken my family and held us up in a time when we really needed it. And that is really important for our communities to see. So many of these opportunities--I know that we talk about--don't come easily. Just the fact that there is a current Subcommittee hearing on this lets me know that there is work to be done, right? And those programs are always changing, and are always needing more eyes and more ears to see them, and to help them, and guide them, so I thank you for that. I have been a participant in the SNAP program and the WIC program, the WIC program for 4 years--it is coming to an end as my son turns 5 next month--and the SNAP program for at least 3 years. I foresee my time in both programs really coming to an end soon. But as I do that, I really feel the need to be a conduit for change, a voice for really continuing, and letting these things grow.    Hands down my favorite part about the SNAP program are the incentives that I get at the farmers' market. Not only because I have really grown a personal relationship with this market, but because it is such--hands down, ``I am getting something for free,'' right? But to know that I can go to a market, and the Crossroads Market allows me to get $15 shared every week that I go. They will match that, and it is really important. I have used this particular market to feed my family in a healthy way through the winter. Literally, there is a beef stick from the market in my bag. What I do is I go and I buy items that I know are going to last, because I don't have this market in the winter. So I go, and I spend all, and I buy things that will last, onions, potatoes, meat that I can freeze, and it is going to see me through.    So one of the things that is frustrating is that these markets are out there, and, as you said, these can't be used if people don't know about them, right? We do find that the momentum and the--just hearing that you have this extra money to buy fruits and vegetables is really important. But, if you don't know about it, finding where these markets are, I find that the advertising, or the listing of it on their websites is very difficult to decipher. I know what I am looking for, so I know what to ask, but there are a lot of people that don't, right? I have a food education. I have a relationship with food that gives me the knowledge to actually begin to already know how to plan meals that are healthy. There are a lot of community people that don't know that, right? They haven't been brought up that way. My son will be brought up that way, so it is different.    So for me it hasn't affected the health of the way I cook, because we were already so healthy, but it absolutely affects the ease at how I do it, the quantity of what I do, what I cook, and what I purchase for my son, and it has been really important. But getting this information out there and streamlined--for one example, how many different names do we have to have for this program? I mean, Double Dollars, $5, Triple Your Money Here, is that something that we want to streamline? Is that something that makes more sense? I know WIC in Ohio, right? I know WIC in Kentucky. But Double Dollars, do I know that is what are we calling it? And that is important for people to see, for them to see, the branding. I mean, that is how we work, right? I mean, we all know what Pepsi is, right? So what is the branding for this?    You will notice that I am not really reading off of the statement, because I don't work as well reading, so one of the things I would be really excited to think about using this at a grocery store, but one of the things that this actually does for me that is important is it takes us out of that large chain grocery store, and it takes us into this community with farmers, right, with other families that I would never meet. I would never meet these families, probably, and their children. And it gives you a community with--where things are coming from. Now, the farmer might come from 2 hours away in Pennsylvania, right, but I see them every single week for 3, 4 months on a row, right? And they know. ``Hey, Kiley, where were you? I haven't seen you for 2 weeks, what is going on? Here, give your son an apple.'' Like, that is the kind of thing that we need to see, to really get to know people, right? To strengthen our communities, and talk about food. So thank you.    Ms. Kiley. Well, thank you for letting me be here. I think there are two things there. One, an apple a day keeps the doctor away. Let us really think about that. Does an apple a day keep a doctor away because all of a sudden we eat an apple a day, and it is a miracle? No. An apple a day keeps the doctor away because we are setting habits, right? Because we are setting a habit of not grabbing a bag of potato chips, or even pretzels, right? I opt for a pretzel because it is a little better, right? So setting these habits are what is keeping the doctor away, right? Really, this foundation, having that available. I can't tell you how many mothers say to me, my child won't eat that. I bet he will. I bet he will. I bet you can go through a stage of a lot of pissing and moaning, but I bet he will, right?    So how do we set these habits? One of the things that Crossroads does, and a lot of other markets do, is they have a food demonstration, and the food that they are preparing is minimally processed, meaning even cooked, right? There are a lot of raw salads that are quick and easy, and you add something like honey, or maple syrup. Almost everything, if not everything, is from that market. So those food demonstrations are really great. They are fun for the children. I see so many children try things such as jicama that they would never, ever try.    The Chairwoman. But is that education available there at the market?    Ms. Kiley. That education is something they do at every market.    The Chairwoman. Okay.    Ms. Kiley. And so they do it once a week. I don't think I have ever been there and not seen a little food demonstration. And it is there the whole 4 hours of the market, which is really great. Is it enough? Probably not, no. Are there free cooking classes around? Probably not a lot. But that is part of conversation, right? And part of the other thing, as a mother, that has more of this ability, is knowing how to talk to other people. And it doesn't mean I accost people at the market and say, what are you buying? What are you making? Do you even know how to cook that? You know, no, but part of it is--I have learned how to cook herbs that I would never buy, right? It is a largely--there is a large Hispanic community that attends this market, and there are foods that I would never have seen, right? And every Wednesday my son eats a pupusa. It is amazing. So part of it is, yes, it is a difficult hurdle, a really difficult hurdle.    The Chairwoman. I appreciate it. And let me ask Dr. Hesterman really quickly----    Ms. Kiley. Please.    The Chairwoman.--I live in northern Indiana with strong winters, January, February freezes that we are in now. So what do you do about the seasonality issue in Ann Arbor, Michigan? You are a fellow Midwesterner, not like our friends from Texas, when you have sun in the wintertime. What do you do, then, in the middle of winter, when the farmers' markets--and even the one I attend in northern Indiana, has crafts and things moving in for the winter because there is no fresh food? How do you handle that with your program?    Ms. Kiley. It is the same as Bluegrass, where I go in, and swipe my card, and say, I want to spend $15, and they give me $15 in tokens plus----