    Mr. Severns. Chairman Curbelo and Ranking Member Meng, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the challenges that small citrus growers such as myself are facing.    Defining a small citrus grower is not easy. Years ago, a 40-acre citrus grower could make a reasonably good living. Today it probably takes 300 acres or more to stay in business farming citrus. Fifty years ago, growers did not have to deal with issues like good agricultural practices, GAAP audits, in other words, use reports, employee safety training, farm equipment emission certifications, and such as that. Today it is just part of the normal operations. Outside help and consultation is required, and it is not free. Please consider that California supplies 85 percent of the United States' fresh citrus, and has done so for nearly 150 years.    Today we have about 3,500 growers, about 100 packing houses, and probably 12,000 or more employees that work nearly year round. We sell citrus in 50 States and many countries worldwide. The major citrus-producing States represented here do what the other States cannot. We produce citrus fruits for the rest of the Nation and the world on a year-round basis. We must keep this vibrant industry healthy.    Not very long ago, California had 285,000 total acres. That number is more like 270,000 today, with more scheduled to be bulldozed this summer. The number of small citrus growers is significantly declining in California. It would appear that the small-scale citrus growers, and in a parallel sense, all citrus growers, might have a place on their own endangered species list. We have to consider the possibility of no more U.S. citrus. We need to ask ourselves: Do we want a citrus industry? U.S.-grown citrus has a superb record as a healthy, safe, nutritious, and affordable product. Yet it could easily disappear from our store shelves. Invasive pests and diseases, drought, and misguided water policy, international trade issues, and the convergence of all of these have brought our industry into perilous times.    In California, we have watched Florida's decline in production due to huanglongbing, or HLB. For a citrus tree, HLB is a death sentence. In California we have the bug, the Asian Citrus Psyllid, what we refer to as the ACP, that spreads HLB, but so far no HLB. The task before us is to keep the ACP away from potentially infectious trees, and also to remove those trees before HLB can gain a foothold.    Through our industry-funded surveys, we found a single tree in southern California that tested positive for HLB. That tree was removed, and all citrus nearby continues to test negative for HLB. That tree had been grafted by a hobby gardener with illegally transported bud wood cut from an HLB-infected tree overseas. Such actions could easily destroy a $2.4 billion industry. And that is just in California.    We have appealed to residential citrus tree owners to work with us in watching for ACP and the disease. Controlling the ACP has been a challenge in the Los Angeles Basin. Most backyards in the area have citrus trees growing in them. San Joaquin Valley and the northern citrus-producing counties have had to deal with occasional small populations of ACP detections in some citrus groves. Growers are aggressive about treating detections, but doing is expensive.    Citrus trees can be infected with HLB for 2 or 3 years before beginning to decline. By quickly removing any tree that tests positive for HLB, we may buy time to give the industry researchers an opportunity to find a solution to the disease.    In September of 2011, the California Citrus Pest and Disease Prevention Committee, CPDPC, was formed to implement statewide suppression and eradication efforts. For the program, all California growers are assessed for every 40-pound carton produced. Over the past 5-plus years, $15 million has been collected annually to pay for the work of the CPDPC. The California Department of Food and Agriculture performs regulatory work trapping, testing, and treatment programs across the State on our behalf.    Jumping ahead to water, the drought and the water situation in California is beyond critical. While the lack of normal rainfall are disastrous, so are the misguided environmental policies affecting our State. Some growers are going into their second year of zero allocation of surface water. If available, the cost of water has gone from around $200 per acre foot to as much as $1,300 per acre foot. That is a 650 percent increase.    I see I am out of time. I will say that all of these issues, in addition to others, are converging in order to make it very difficult for the small citrus grower to continue to survive.    Thank you.    Mr. Severns. Mr. Chairman, I would like to address that in saying that absolutely we do. In California, the price of acreage, or what acreage can bring in general, is probably at an all-time high, and when growers are facing many of the pressures that they are, first of all, currently our largest, crisis being our drought situation and the things associated with that, and on top of that, staring down the problems that could becoming as far as ACP infestations and HLB, in addition to some of the trade-related issues that are pressing on us, a small grower really has to take a look at that and see whether they want to continue to maintain production in such perilous times.    So certainly we see it in California. We see those smaller growers just deciding to sell out. Some of the younger individuals are going to work for maybe some of the larger farming operations. You don't see a lot of young farmers going out and buying acreage. It is nearly impossible right now. So, certainly I think we will continue to see consolidation, unless some things change pretty radically in the near future.    Mr. Severns. Ranking Member Meng, I certainly don't mean to sound like I am evading that question, but it is very difficult to define. In terms of just a dollar amount, $750,000, I quickly did the math on that, and as I mentioned, 300 acres is more like a small grower as it stands right now. Years ago that was different. Years ago that was more like a 40-acre grower. Well, $750,000 is $2,500 an acre for that grower. If we're talking gross receipts, that doesn't even pay its farming costs. If we are talking about net overall receipts, that gets them a little bit closer.    But as I mentioned, when you have situations like you have in California where either you have to engage in a battle with the ACP and/or on top of that, pay for water if you can get it, which was prior $200 per acre foot to now you could be paying well over $3,000 per acre just for water. So I'm not meaning to evade the question, but I think a dollar figure may not adequately address the issue.    Mr. Severns. I would agree with Mr. Murden. Certainly the trade issues that are before us are very important to California. We export a very high percentage of our crop, and export is certainly important to us, and it is a large source of our growers' revenue. So from a California perspective, we support TPA, and we would like to see that pass.    As I look to the future of the California industry, I am always optimistic. I think any grower, any farmer is optimistic. That is how they live life. They make a bet on an entire year that they are going to be able to recover their costs and make some. So from a perspective of just who we are, we are optimistic. When we look at the challenges coming at us, whether it be HLB or ACP or water or any of the regulatory issues, as mentioned before, the regulatory issues specifically impinge on a small grower, because generally a larger grower hires people to take care of that. The smaller grower is his people. He takes care of those particular issues.    Additionally, as far as the water issues are concerned, in California, if we don't resolve some of those very soon, if you can get water, you have seen a radical change in the amount of money that it takes to farm per acre.    Mr. Severns. Absolutely not. A number of years ago Assembly Bill 281 created the Citrus Pest and Disease Prevention Committee in California. I happen to be secretary/treasure of that particular committee. We assess all of our growers about eight cents a carton. It brings in somewhere between $15 to $18 million per year for us to fund this program that is involved in trapping and suppression, and in the case of finding HLB, eradication were that to happen. And so far, while we have had a spread of the psyllid in the southern California area, in the central California area we have been much more successful. And so far we have had one tree, that was discovered in southern California with HLB. It has since been removed. We continue to test the trees all around it and have had none of those trees come up positive.    So there has been a response in California to this in a positive sense. Our industry works directly with CDFA and USDA in administering this program. We are fortunate enough to see what happened in Florida and received advice from them on being proactive in this, and that is a lot what generated or initiated our CPDPC program.    Mr. Severns. We export a very significant portion of our crop, and allowing that negotiation authority and being able to work these issues out on a timely basis are crucial to where we are even at this time in negotiations with different countries on export issues.    I might mention that by virtue of the fact we do export the amount that we do, it is important that authority be extended, and in so doing, we are able to maintain those markets and maintain those negotiations and work through some of these issues on a timely basis, and if we don't have these crucial export markets, there is only a few other things that can happen, and one of those things is that fruit dumps back on the domestic market.    Domestic consumption, while improving, has been relatively flat over the last number of years. So that export market, in addition to being an outlet other than the domestic market, also is a place where we can really excel. And it has been very important to the growers' overall return to be able to participate in those export markets.    We deal primarily over in Southeast Asia, Japan, and Korea. Those countries are very important to us.    Mr. Severns. We in California tried the H-2A program. In the context that we did try it, it didn't work very well for us, to be very frank about it. I don't know that I would throw the baby out with the bath water, so the speak. I think there were some logistical and communication issues that made it very difficult. But at this time, we don't use any H-2A workers.    I will say that having a sufficient labor force to harvest our crop in California is a very, very difficult issue right now, and looks like it could get more difficult.    Mr. Severns. Ms. Meng, I would like to make a comment on that. Two different things come to mind for me, and they are: trying to engage the public in a rational, intelligent conversation about the whole GMO issue is one. And, also, having an understanding that there is a very distinct possibility--and this isn't hyperbole; it is not an exaggeration--that if HLB continues unabated, we won't have any citrus in America. So if the question was asked, do you like citrus enough, what would you be willing to accept in order to continue to have it, and that doesn't necessarily mean it is a GMO-only solution, but I think that question does have to be asked, because that is a possibility.    Mr. Severns. My understanding is that as trade promotion authority passes, that Congress still has the ability to vote on that particular deal, if I am understanding correctly, not necessarily each and every aspect of that.    Certainly, we are concerned about what comes onto our shores right now, not just from a trade perspective, but from an invasive species perspective and that sort of thing.    We currently do have offshore fruit coming in, and that does directly compete with the product that we have. And I guess inasmuch as we live in a global economy, that is not to be unexpected.    Certainly, our perspective is going to be what we think is healthy and beneficial for the citrus industry. And in my comments, I don't mean to make particularly any other comment about another industry other than to simply say from the perspective of trade and the perspective of what we would be able to do through export, it would be an improvement of the situation for us, and that is why we support it.    I would hope that because of the continued ability of Congress to approve or disapprove any certain trade agreement, that would still create a check and balance for the other industries as well. Thank you.    Mr. Severns. Thank you.    Mr. Severns. Thank you.