    Mr. Deutch. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Comey, thanks so much for being with us today. I represent south Florida, Broward County and Palm Beach County, and we are experiencing an alpha-PVP, or flakka, epidemic. Broward County is the epicenter of the ongoing national flakka crisis. In Broward, the number of cases is spiraling out of control. The Broward County Sheriff's Office has stated that in January 2014, they analyzed a single flakka case. By September 2014, they were analyzing 80 cases. This year, the sheriff's office has reported analyzing approximately 100 cases per month.    Flakka cases are also flooding the county health system. The Broward health system has reported that they're receiving, on average, 12 cases per day. In this past year, it has contributed to the death of 45 people in Broward County.    Flakka use has also started to spread northward into Palm Beach County. In 2014, there were 35 submissions involving flakka to the Palm Beach Sheriff's Office crime lab. In 2015, there have been 42. There have been 10 arrests in Palm Beach County, and flakka is now moving into Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, and other the States.    As you're aware, people using flakka experience hallucinations, delirium, violent outbursts, and extreme body temperatures that often cause the users to remove their clothes. Flakka is extremely cheap. It costs $5. And it can be easily purchased online from China. The low cost of the drug and the easy access are very troubling.    Flakka, as is the case with other synthetic drugs, is extremely difficult for law enforcement to prosecute. The primary problem is that the composition of the synthetic drug can't be pinpointed and classified as illegal because the drugs are constantly changing their composition. And as soon as the synthetic drug is listed as illegal, the composition is changed ever so slightly to evade the listing that made the drug more readily available.    In fact, a recent news report in Miami found that flakka is now being made into gummy bears--gummy bears. The only difference between the real ones and flakka gummy bears is that the ones containing flakka are individually wrapped and stickier. Dealers are using them now to hook young people.    So if you could target the efforts that the FBI has taken to crack down on this epidemic of synthetic drugs, flakka, in particular, and speak to the challenge that you face in cracking down on, again, these sorts of cases involving flakka and other synthetic drugs.    Mr. Deutch. And the current law permits synthetic drugs to be treated as a controlled substance if they are proven to be chemically and/or pharmacologically similar to schedule I or schedule II controlled substances, but as I pointed out, the nature the drugs keep changing. They change the chemical structure to avoid being listed as a controlled substance, so my question to you is what steps can lawmakers take to help in your efforts, local enforcement efforts, as well, to crack down on this epidemic?    Mr. Deutch. Well, Director Comey, I would invite representatives of your task force and the DEA to come to south Florida. This is an issue that dominates the headlines. It's an issue that affects young people, and as you point out, the moment that somebody takes this, one of these synthetic drugs, flakka, which is so readily available in Florida and elsewhere, it changes and often ruins their lives. So I'm grateful for your focus on it, and I hope we have the opportunity to do something down in south Florida to really raise the issue so that people in south Florida can know what this focus is and how much we can do about it. Thank you very much.