    Mr. Yoho. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and Mr. Costa, being a veterinarian, large animal practitioner that earned a living on the south end of a north-bound horse or cow, it wasn't manure. It was fertilizer until it hit the ground.    I appreciate you all being here, and we as the people in government--because government is a non-entity. It is only as good as the people that are involved in it, in all branches of it, that we need to do a better job on educating both us and government and the public on educating people and in public venues to get the best, the current, and the correct information out to the public that is updated and is based on peer-reviewed science, and it is stemming from accurate research. And we also need to do a better job of making current the information and policies on a website of what a GMO is and what it is not and keep agendas or politics out of it and let the facts speak for themselves.    Dr. Federoff, if you could take us briefly through the process of taking a genetically modified product from the beginning to the market in less than a minute, I would be really appreciative if you could. But just the research that goes behind that before it is approved.    Mr. Yoho. And the USDA.    Mr. Yoho. And what you have done is adequate because it is years of research, years of studies, years of feed studies, and then the tissue samples and all those things that come with that, and it costs millions if not billions of dollars, and it finally does get the approval of USDA, the FDA, the EPA. We have a variety in Florida of a papaya that they have been working on for 10 years for rig spot virus. The EPA signed off on it. But yet, it is still not to market because of this GMO scare around it, and it needs to be approved.    With the studies, are you aware of any peer-reviewed real studies that you know of that have proven to be deleterious or detrimental effects on humans, animals, plants, or the environment----    Mr. Yoho. What was that?    Mr. Yoho. I just wanted to hear it again so----    Mr. Yoho. Anecdotal.    Mr. Yoho. Let me ask you all this. Would a GMO that had any deleterious effects to humans, animal, plants, or the environment ever get approved by the USDA, FDA, or EPA? So there was really--the science is on our side on these labelings. It is a marketing thing. So if a GMO has been approved by the USDA, one should rest assured that that product is as safe as any non-GMO product or it wouldn't be out there.    In addition, we have been doing GMOs for 20, 30, 40 years. Mother Nature has been doing it since the beginning of time. We would not have wheat had the plants not cross-pollinated to form the wheat we have today, and tomatoes, as we know, comes from a toxic source, so do potatoes, the Solana family. And they are toxic. They are related to nightshade.    Mr. Yoho. Yet through genetic modification of Mother Nature, they have healed themselves, and we have what we have. And if we didn't have the GMOs today, I would hate to think what the food security of this world would be. In my home State of Florida when I graduated from veterinary college, we produced about 75 bushels of corn. That was a great yield. Today we are doing 250 to 275 bushels of corn on poor soil, and therefore, the common sense of the sound science that leads to the approval of the GMOs should not be overshadowed by the environmental McCarthyism of the anti-GMO crowd. And I just want to thank you for being out there, for being in the fight, and for standing up, Ms. Lidback. Like last time when we talked about this, we got a lot of hate mail. Hang tough because you are on the right side of the science. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Ms. Adams?