    Mr. Murphy. Good morning, meeting here of the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. I do want to announce to members this hearing is here and not in Room 2123. I just want you to know. I was there, you were not. It was a very powerful, moving----    Mr. Murphy. There was, so I figured it must be this hearing, but my apologies. It happens.    So this is a hearing on U.S. public health response to antibiotic resistance. The subcommittee convenes this hearing today to examine public health responses to the challenge of antibiotic-resistant superbugs. One of the world's most pressing health problems is the emergence of bacterial infections that are resistant to antibiotics. And according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, each year, 2 million Americans become sick with antibiotic-resistant infections, and of that, about 23,000 die. Globally, some institutions estimate up to 700,000 die each year from antibiotic-resistant infections, and without action, the researchers estimate 10 million people will die per year by 2050 from drug-resistant infections.    The World Health Organization has declared that humanity is on the precipice of a post-antibiotic era where common infections may once again be lethal because bacteria have become resistant to the antibiotics existing to treat them.    The antibiotic-resistance threat just got greater. Last month, a woman in my home State of Pennsylvania was diagnosed with an E. coli infection that had a rare gene called MCR-1, a new kind of superbug never before seen in the United States. Medical professionals were alarmed for two reasons. One, this new superbug is resistant to colistin, an antibiotic of last resort, which is used when no other antibiotics can fight the infection. And two, this MCR-1 gene can move from one bacteria to another. Eventually, MCR-1 could emerge with another superbug that is resistant to all antibiotics except for colistin and form an unstoppable superbug.    In response to the discovery of the MCR-1 gene, CDC Director Dr. Tom Frieden commented that the medicine cabinet is empty for some patients. It is the end of the road unless we act urgently. If this threat is not stopped, minor infections may become life-threatening and treatment for diseases such as cancer, diabetes, or routine surgeries will be at risk.    Fortunately, the end of the road is not here yet, and Congress and Federal agencies are working diligently to counter the effects of antibiotic resistance. These efforts confront the two main contributors to the spread of antibiotic resistance: the overprescription of antibiotics and the lack of new antibiotic development.    Since the discovery of penicillin in the early 20th century, almost every type of bacteria has become less responsive to antibiotics. As soon as an antibiotic goes into wide use among the general public, bacteria evolve to become resistant.    A study published last month in the Journal of the American Medical Association, known as JAMA, found that nearly a third of antibiotics prescribed in doctors' offices, emergency rooms and hospital-based clinics in the United States are not needed. This amounts to nearly 47 million unnecessary prescriptions given out each year. That is 47 million unnecessary prescriptions each year. And the number in this report most likely undercount the use of antibiotics because the data did not include urgent care clinics, retail pharmacies, dentist offices, and prescriptions given over the phone by nurse practitioners and physician assistants.    To combat antibiotic overuse, the CDC has partnered with the FDA to advocate for antibiotic stewardship programs in health care facilities throughout the United States. The CDC has issued guidelines about how hospitals can minimize inappropriate or excessive use of antibiotics, which could help reduce antibiotic overprescription. Reducing the inappropriate use of antibiotics will help, but it can only slow the spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, new antibiotics, and alternative therapies must be developed.    Despite the need for antibiotic development, as of March 2016 there were only 37 new antibiotics in development, and just 13 were in phase 3 clinical trials. These drugs would potentially address many resistant bacteria, but they are not enough. To combat this, in February of this year the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, known as BARDA, has collaborated with NIH to establish a biopharmaceutical accelerator that will support research and development to incentivize antibacterial drug development. This accelerator will, one, fund development of antibacterial products; and two, quickly move successful drug candidates through early development; three, provide business and drug development guidance; and four, decrease barriers to research and development of antibiotics.    The CDC, FDA, NIH, and BARDA have and continue to make significant and ongoing contributions to implement the National Action Plan for Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria released last year, which outlines steps to implement a national strategy to combat antibiotic resistance. Additionally, Congress has increased funding for these initiatives by 57 percent over last fiscal year for a total of more than $375 million.    Despite these promising developments, we are facing a public health challenge, and we need to ensure that the Federal Government is taking the appropriate action to protect the American public.    So I want to thank the witnesses for appearing here today before the subcommittee. I look forward to hearing all of your testimony on this very, very important issue.    Mr. Murphy. I now recognize the Ranking Member of the subcommittee, Ms. DeGette of Colorado, for 5 minutes.     And I now recognize the ranking member of the subcommittee, Ms. DeGette of Colorado, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentlelady yields back. I now recognize the chairman of the full committee, Mr. Upton, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. The gentleman yields back.    I ask unanimous consent that the members' written opening statements be introduced into the record. And without objections, the documents will be entered into the record.    I would now like to introduce the witnesses of our first panel for today's hearing. The first witness on today's panel is Dr. Beth Bell. Dr. Bell is a Director of the National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases with the CDC.    We would also like to welcome again Dr. Janet Woodcock. Dr. Woodcock is currently Director of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research.    Our third witness on today's panel is Dr. Richard Hatchett. Dr. Hatchett is currently serving as acting director for the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority within HHS Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response.    Our final witness is Dr. Dennis Dixon. Dr. Dixon joins us from the NIAID's Division of Microbiology and Infectious Diseases.    I would like to thank all the witnesses for appearing before the subcommittee today. You are all aware that the committee is holding an investigative hearing, and when doing so has the practice of taking testimony under oath. Do any of you have an objection to taking testimony under oath?    The chair then advises that you are under the rules of the House and the rules of the committee you are entitled to be advised by counsel. Do any of you desire to be advised by counsel during the testimony today?    Seeing no request for that, in that case, will you all please rise, raise your right hand, and I will swear you in.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. All the witnesses have answered in the affirmative, and you are now under oath and subject to the penalties set forth in title 18, section 1001 of the United States Code.    I will have you each give a 5-minute summary of your written statement. Please pay attention to the timing and turn the microphone on and bring it as close to your mouth as you can. Thank you. You may begin, Dr. Bell. You are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. Dr. Woodcock, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Dr. Woodcock.    I now recognize Dr. Hatchett for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Thank you, Doctor.    Now, Dr. Dixon, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Murphy. Make sure the microphone is on and pulled close to you, OK?    Mr. Murphy. I thank all the panel for their comments here. I am going to recognize myself for 5 minutes of questions.    On September 20 of 2000, then CDC director Dr. Jeffrey Koplan testified before Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, HHS, and Education on the emerging national and global problems of antimicrobial resistance and the response by CDC. And at that hearing the CDC unveiled its plan that targeted drug resistance. In particular, Dr. Koplan testified that a key part of this plan was developing a national campaign to improve physician prescribing practices and educate parents and patients about the proper use of antibiotics.    Dr. Bell, despite the CDC's campaign as well as the efforts of others, the overprescribing of antibiotics still exists. So why did the overprescribing and overuse of antibiotics continue even with the CDC's campaign?    Mr. Murphy. Do you see trends changing, that it is getting through to physicians because----    Mr. Murphy. But go back to that number of the huge----    Mr. Murphy . Amount of prescriptions written every year----    Mr. Murphy . That shouldn't be. So that doesn't sound like it is working to me. I just want to know what else--we are here to help you.    Mr. Murphy. We are all on the same team here. I know the White House Action Plan at Combating Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria----    Mr. Murphy . It is there. How is that going to be different? What do we see that is really going to get through to people this time?    Mr. Murphy. Will this also--excuse me.    Mr. Murphy. I have to jump in because we are short on time.    Mr. Murphy. Will this also include--and I ask the panelists. Will this also include information for patients?    Mr. Murphy. I mean, let's face it. People go to the doctor and say I want a prescription. He says, well, you have got a virus, it is not going to work; I want it anyways. And doctors now especially because they get rated on----    Mr. Murphy . Were you treated satisfactorily and hospitals then get dinged. They don't get paid as much.    Mr. Murphy. And I have heard time and time again hospitals say, look, we are afraid of these ratings and so they will show up in Web sites, everything else. So what are we doing to combat that?    Mr. Murphy. Dr. Woodcock, it is always good to see you. Why haven't we developed rapid diagnostic testing for bacterial infections yet? And can you tell us about some of the commercial and technical impediments here?    Mr. Murphy. Thank you. I see I am out of time so I will recognize Ms. DeGette for 5 minutes.