    Mr. Brickman. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee, I want to thank you for this opportunity to address the critical issues of how to check the fraudulent practices that permeate mesothelioma litigation today.    Approximately a year and a half ago, I testified in the Garlock bankruptcy as an expert witness for Garlock, that the settlements that Garlock had entered into in the period 2005 to 2010, which the lead plaintiff's expert had relied on for his calculation that Garlock should fork over $1.3 billion to the trust to cover its asbestos liabilities, was simply not a valid basis for these projections. The reason I gave was that these settlements were infected by plaintiffs' counsels' strategy of suppressing evidence of claimants' exposures to a group of large companies that were bankrupted in the years 2000 and 2001.    The presiding judge in Garlock, Judge Hodges, agreed, finding that, ``The estimate of Garlock's aggregate liability are infected with the impropriety of some firms.'' I think the attempts by Mr. Inselbuch that you heard today and others to marginalize Judge Hodge's finding would not rattle in a thimble.    Permit me to briefly explain how this illegal and unethical suppression of evidence is carried out. Plaintiffs' counsel, who have effective control over the creation and administration of bankruptcy trusts, have used that power to include, amend, or add provisions to trust distribution procedures, known in the trade as TDPs, designed to limit, if not preclude, defendants' ability to use discovery, to access information, evidence that a tort plaintiff has filed trust claims. In filing a trust claim, a claimant must demonstrate ``meaningful and credible exposure to the products of the company funding the trust.''    To facilitate fraud, asbestos trusts have modified or adopted TDPs to include provisions designed to allow claimants, who are also suing defendants in the tort system, to prevent tort defendants from accessing exposure information and other vital information submitted by the claimants as part of the trust claims. Now, I have more fully described these provisions in my written statement and in my scholarship.    Now, in the teeth of this overwhelming evidence that exists today that some plaintiffs' counsels' practices are designed to defraud defendants, plaintiffs' counsel continued to deny any fraudulent practice or practices in mesothelioma litigation. For example, we just heard Mr. Inselbuch, who has testified previously as he has testified today, that fraudulent actions to suppress the production of exposure evidence submitted with claim filings are essentially non-existent. And as for the massive fraud in the Canadian case, which I presume some of you are familiar with, he testified previously before this Subcommittee that it was ``an isolated incident remedied by a State court, involving inconsistent trust claims with respect to a single claimant, one of the millions who have filed claims with asbestos trusts.'' There has also been congressional testimony from plaintiffs' counsel, Charles Siegel, to the same effect. Now, because of time I will have to rely on my written statement that goes further into this.    Now, much of the evidence that was presented in the Garlock proceeding, including my expert report in particular, still remains under seal, though I understand that this will start to come out in about 2 weeks. Now, the Garlock evidence that Judge Hodges did disclose in his order as to the frequency of apparently perjurious denials of exposures, the products to which plaintiffs had asserted ``meaningful and credible exposure,'' coupled with plaintiffs' counsels' brazen manipulation of TDPs to facilitate such denials, lead, in my opinion, to an inexorable conclusion: the practice of deliberately failing to disclose evidence of other exposure is far closer to the norm than the exception. Indeed it is likely that cases in which fraud has been successfully employed dwarf the number of cases in which abuse has been discovered.    Now, improper trust payments no doubt have amounted to billions of dollars to this point. As for tort defendants, it is simply not possible to even begin to estimate how much money they have paid out as a consequence of plaintiffs making false statements as to product exposures. Undoubtedly, it amounts to hundreds of millions of dollars, but more likely billions. And it is improbable, to say the least, that the scheme to suppress evidence of other exposures is being hatched by plaintiffs.    Mr. Brickman. Yes, sir. Judge Hodges in his estimation order in the Garlock bankruptcy has allowed us to peer behind the asbestos curtain that shrouds the inner workings of this highly successful scheme to use the judicial system to defraud asbestos defendants and their insurers out of billions of dollars. It is now up to the Congress to take the critically important step of enacting H.R. 526 to contain this massive fraud that now permeates mesothelioma litigation.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Brickman. Plaintiffs' counsel back at the time of Judge Jack's decision in about 2004, 2005, were, just as today, denying that there was any fraud in the asbestos litigation system. At that period of time, the major cases--that is, the majority of cases--were non-malignant cases, asbestosis. Hundreds of thousands of asbestosis cases that were the product of what Judge Jack said was a scheme by plaintiff lawyers, litigation doctors, and screening companies to manufacture diagnoses for money. In other words, the vast majority of those hundreds of thousands of claims were bogus, fraudulent. I think the evidence on that is overwhelming.    Now, what we heard with regard to that finding by Judge Jack is again repeated today with regard to mesothelioma litigation. It is the same script, just a few words changed. Despite the clear example of massive fraud that she exhibited, which confirmed what I had written previously, plaintiffs' counsel said----    Mr. Brickman. It is going on today, just in a different form, except that now more money is involved.    Mr. Brickman. That claim is simply a red herring, sir. If you file a tort action in a State court or a Federal court claiming that you were injured, you have to provide in a public forum a great deal more information than is to be disclosed by H.R. 526. In other words, the claim that this is an invasion of privacy is just utter nonsense. It is a make-way claim that is not even gossamer. So the bottom line is, anybody can say anything by way of an argument. This is an argument that has no credibility whatsoever.    Mr. Brickman. Trusts are paying out hundreds of millions of dollars today to claimants who have no valid claims against those particular trusts. People being defrauded today are the mesothelioma claimants in particular who are yet to manifest with the disease. The people defrauding them are plaintiffs' counsel.    Mr. Brickman. The issue is very simple once you understand the facts. And this Committee has benefitted by the fact-finding by Judge Hodges in the Garlock bankruptcy. What he found out, based upon the evidence presented, was that plaintiffs in the tort system when they sue somebody in State court, they are denying exposure to the products of the bankrupted companies, like Owens Corning, and GAF, and Armstrong World Industries, and U.S. Gypsum, and on and on.    Now, at the same time in some cases, or during the course of that trial, or subsequent to that trial, they are putting in claims to the trusts. For example, Pittsburgh-Corning manufactured a very, very virulent product in terms of asbestos content, Unibestos. In the tort case, they are asked, were you exposed to Pittsburgh-Corning's Unibestos. They say no under oath in interrogatories, in depositions, and in trial testimony, and their lawyers argue to the jury there was no such exposures. Then their lawyers file trust claims in which they say there is meaningful and credible evidence of exposure to Unibestos. That is as plain as I can make it.    Mr. Brickman. That is an understatement. First, let me make clear, the trustees are essentially appointed by plaintiffs' counsel. So when you hear trustees speak, it is the voice controlled by plaintiffs' counsel. Every aspect of the trust is controlled by plaintiffs' counsel. They effectively select not just the trustees, they populate the two committees that run the trusts and set up the rules. In all cases but one, they have been responsible for the appointment of the future claims representative, who never takes positions opposed to the interest of the plaintiffs' bar. So, the fact that the trusts do not support the FACT Act is simply saying that plaintiffs' counsel do not support the FACT Act because the trustees never say anything opposed to the interest of the plaintiffs' bar.    Now, in terms of the GAO report, that has been misrepresented. The GAO report did not look at data. What it looked at was what did the trustees say about fraud. And as Mr. Scarcella pointed out, the trustees said we do not see any fraud. Of course not. They are not looking for fraud. And the use of the word ``audit'' is completely misrepresented here.    Mr. Brickman. No, sir. I had to fill out a form like every witness did about who he represents. And as I write down on every testimony I ever give to Congress, I represent myself. Nobody is paying me. Nobody is paying my transportation. Nobody is buying my lunch.    Mr. Brickman. I have not represented anyone. I do not practice law, sir.