    Mr. SHAVELL. Thank you. My name is Rich Shavell, testifying on behalf of Associated Builders and Contractors, a national construction industry trade association with 70 chapters representing 21,000 members. I am president of Shavell and Company, a full service CPA and consulting firm that focuses on services to closely-held commercial contractors.    The subject of this hearing is very appropriate as small businesses, in fact, the employer of choice for the average American, not only within the commercial construction industry but throughout the U.S. economy.    Small businesses, and particularly small contractors, are excellent employers for several reasons. First, there is plenty of work in commercial construction because we are facing a severe labor shortage. Secondly, training is available for new workers to the industry. According to the ABC Institute in South Florida, the value of being a graduated registered apprentice is worth $300,000 additional dollars during the career of the typical worker. Moreover, the construction industry fosters the realization of the American dream. Through effort and determination, many construction workers find themselves picking up small jobs, working them with their peers afterhours and on weekends. Anecdotal evidence suggests that seasoned workers can earn significant amounts of money this way until they are ready to leave their regular position to pursue their own businesses on a full-time basis. The single biggest challenge facing small business today is widespread uncertainty and specifically, uncertain federal tax policies are chipping away at these small businesses' ability to effectively operate.    From my perspective there are two main tax issues. First, Congress must do its job and pass tax legislation to stabilize the tax environment. The continual expiration of effective dates for tax incentives and other tax provisions included in the Annual Extenders Bill hurts the business community, and particularly the small business. Right now, as we are approaching the end of the year, contractors have to project and plan for their 2015 tax liabilities, yet it is unknown whether the tax extenders will even be in the law.    Second, for commercial contractors, Congress should finally rectify certain tax provisions that are hurting these small contractors.    In 1986, Congress passed legislation that was intended to curb abuses by aerospace and defense contractors and how they, these large businesses, utilize the completed contract method. The required use of the percentage of completion method was forced upon all businesses who perform work under long-term contracts. To address this burden, a small contractor exception was put in place in 1986 with a $10 million revenue threshold. Almost 30 years later, that threshold has never been updated.    For comparison, Small Business Administration currently utilizes a threshold of $36.5 million. We continue to ask Congress to do three things to address this. First, update the small contractor threshold from $10 million to $40 million. Second, index the threshold going forward. And thirdly, eliminate the section 56(a)(3) addback requirement for alternative minimum tax purposes, for AMT tax purposes. This third item would eliminate the requirement that is currently law, that revenues from long-term contracts we reported under the percentage of completion method solely for AMT purposes. So even though they have the small contractor exception, they still have to use percentage of completion solely for AMT. And a further horrific result is that the small contractor today is required to go through complex computations under the lookback method solely for AMT purposes. By eliminating this AMT adjustment, this ridiculous lookback requirement would eliminated for so many small businesses.    In summary, Congress must do its job by adding permanency to the tax system, and thereby, provide certainty for small businesses, including contractors. Moreover, it is time for Congress to rectify the wrong that was done in 1987 whereby commercial contractors are still saddled with complex tax requirements that were not even intended to impact them. It is time to make that right.    Thank you.    Mr. SHAVELL. Well, there is a lot in these extenders, and some of them are small, but some of them are important, too. And not just to the commercial contractors that we represent, but also to the families of the workers. I mean, you start right at the top of the list there and you see the deduction for state and local, state taxes, very important to everybody in Florida where we do not have the state income tax. I have clients whose spouses are teachers. They look for that small amount every year as an adjustment.    The other bigger items that have been mentioned here already, section 179, bonus depreciation, things like that, are very important to small businesses. Anybody who is paying a little more tax than they should have, they do not like it, whether it is a small item or a big item. But let me give you an example of that section 179 where this is really important this year. I have a particular client who purchased equipment last year, 2014. He purchased to the max, but because of other requirements in the code, he could not get the entire benefit, so he has a carryover, six digit carryover of section 179 deduction that we let carry over because we anticipated income in this year, in 2015. He is now faced with a $25,000 threshold, and that is incongruent with the intent. He did what was expected. He utilized the incentive in 2014. He may not get the full benefit in 2015. We are going to have to relook at that.    Mr. SHAVELL. Well, the question I get this time of year, every day of the week almost, because we are doing tax planning for our contractor clients, is what is going to happen? So they want to know. And they, in essence, are forced to witness something unusual as just mentioned. There should be some certainty; yet, I am in the position where I have to show somebody, hey, look, based on what you spent this year and the potential for extenders, your liability would be this versus here is what it is going to be if Congress does not do their job. That level of uncertainty to look at your cash flow impact and realize--because there are two parts to tax planning. Not just knowing what the number is, but when are you going to pay it? So there is an impact as to whether or not there is going to be some withholding on a bonus, whether there is going to be a fourth quarter estimated coupon on January 15th, or a larger balance due on April 15th. This impacts daily cash flow, this uncertainty, and it is really unfortunate.    Mr. SHAVELL. Well, tax compliance, as you point out, ridiculous number of hours, and there are provisions in there that are difficult. And yes, smaller companies have a great deal of difficulty complying with some of the rules. Larger firms are going to have internal counsel in a lot of cases. They are going to have more accountants on staff who are specialized in various areas, so they can take care of those things.    In the construction industry, when you talk about complexity, one of the things I mentioned in my testimony, this lookback method that affects all contractors performing long-term contracts. The amount of work and time that is required to comply is incredibly difficult. We have had conversations with IRS and folk at the IRS do not like this provisions any more than the industry does. It is something that for quite a long time needs to be removed. This lookback method, which requires taxpayers to go back and look at their contracts on a hypothetical basis. So you are looking back a year on a hypothetical basis, recomputing what the tax would have been if you did not use estimates, then compute a hypothetical----    Mr. SHAVELL. So these rules are incredibly complex. Sure, larger companies are going to have a little more resources.    Mr. SHAVELL. Well, for commercial contractors, I would say there are three categories. The first category discussed is 179 and bonus. Past that, there are incentives, other depreciation rules that are very helpful because they induce investment. So you have the 15-year expensing on real property costs. You have section 179D, which is an energy deduction that is available to certain parties, whether it is the owner of the property or in some cases it is actually the contractor-designer. So that is very important. And thirdly, you have some labor-related items, the empowerment zone credits, which are pegged to wage rates as far as how much of a credit you are going to get. And also, the work opportunity tax credit. That is the old targeted jobs tax credit. So those are all valuable to commercial contractors. As far as the order goes, I would have to argue 179 and bonus are at the top, just like everybody else.    Mr. SHAVELL. May I?    Mr. SHAVELL. I have a real world example. We were engaged to do a section 179D analysis for a client who has a hotel property. We started the study. We took a retainer. The client pointed out that it is not in the law yet because we are waiting for extenders. I am sitting with a retainer. We finished the project and the arrangement that was made was that while if it does not pass, we are going to give her back the retainer, and if it does pass, they are going to pay us the second piece. But the engineer that we used, he has yet to get paid, yet he has done all the work. That is a real-life example of dollars now sitting in a bank waiting to go to the service providers, and a client who does not know whether they are going to get that accelerated deduction.