    Mr. Pompeo. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Chairwoman Ramirez, for being here today.    You had a discussion with Mr. Pallone about H.R. 5136 that had to do with publishing the work of the Bureau of Economics. The bill is pretty simple. It requires the Bureau of Economics to point to a problem with your recommendation that it seeks to solve, and then, requires the Bureau to say why the market and public institutions are inadequate to take on that problem.    Your primary criticism was that it was going to impose a burden, that you might not be able to do some other things you do because of this burden. Did I understand that correctly?    Mr. Pompeo. What is the budget for the Bureau of Economics today?    Mr. Pompeo. For the Bureau of Economics, though, what is your budget, the people that would be impacted by this?    Mr. Pompeo. Fair enough. Fair enough. Fair enough.    I am trying to find out--you said it is an enormous burden--I am trying to translate that to reality, because we might provide the additional funding for that.    How many economists do you have today?    Mr. Pompeo. And so, how many additional economists would it take, in your judgment, to comply with this? Because you said it was an enormous burden, so you have obviously done some work thinking about this. So, tell me how many more than 80 we would need to fund in order to comply with it.    Mr. Pompeo. All the more reason you should do it, in my judgment, but I digress.    If you just took what they were doing today and published that, what would be the harm there? So, they are already providing, they are doing something, right? You are doing a recommendation. The Bureau of Economics is doing something. They are providing that to you, correct?    Mr. Pompeo. So, that you can provide your recommendation or your blog post, or whatever it is, or your testimony here today. Why couldn't we just publish that, no additional burden?    Mr. Pompeo. But why couldn't you publish the underlying data? What would be wrong----    Mr. Pompeo. It just seems, as the consumer protection agency, you would want consumers to have a chance to see your economic analysis. Perhaps we just disagree about that.    I want to go on to the SHIELD Act. Is it the FTC's position that a company's compliance with guidelines should not be admissible as evidence, compliance to a statute?    Mr. Pompeo. Right. There is no dispute. That is fine. The SHIELD Act doesn't propose that it become a safe harbor. It simply says that you will not, that the FTC will not argue against a company submitting their compliance with your guideline as evidence that they have complied with a statute. Do you find that acceptable?    Mr. Pompeo. Fair enough.    I yield back.