    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I thank all three of you for being here. It was very helpful, listening to you.    Mr. Morell, you painted a bleak and, I think, compelling picture of why ISIS poses a real threat, a strategic threat and a lethal threat, to the United States.    And if I heard you correctly, you mentioned three things: One, they are capable of completing indirect and direct attacks against us and our interests, and if we don't stop them, they will succeed. Two, they are really a state in every sense that matters. And I would add on that that I think it might serve us better if we recognize that. We call them a quasi-state, but they really are a repressive or an illegitimate state but they are a state, and they act as one. And then, thirdly, you said they have a growing network that will spread their influence.    It seems that the bottom of all of that is their control of land and people and resources. And so I wanted to ask you if you believe that we are doing everything necessary to get them out of that territory. And if not, briefly, what would you suggest that we add to what we are doing?    Mr. MacArthur. Let me segue on that comment, because Dr. Vickers also made it clear that he sees a Syria-first strategy in which Assad's departure is at the center of it, and now you have said the same.    And maybe I will start with you, Ambassador, because you have spent a good deal of time there. What follows Assad? And while I agree with you he is a bad actor that ideally would not be there, sometimes the devil you know is better than the devil you don't know. And what potentially follows Assad in that region, in that state?    Ambassador Ford. Very briefly, we don't know exactly who would follow Bashar al-Assad. It has to be a negotiation. I think, had we asked the question who would follow Saddam Hussein, we wouldn't have known the answer to that in 2003, obviously. So it will also be the subject of a negotiation among Syrians.    And I suspect, frankly, it will be a very wobbly initial national government, if the Syrians can ever have a serious negotiation. And that is a big ``if,'' Congressman. Therefore, a wobbly government like that, just as the wobbly government in Iraq in 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009 needed help, that will be the case also in Syria.    I do not believe that, if Assad goes, only the Islamic State takes over. I think that is wrong on multiple levels and is indicative of a sense that there is no hope, whereas, actually, there is quite a bit of hope. As big as the Islamic State is in Syria, it is actually not the biggest force fighting Assad right now. The other elements of the opposition are actually much bigger than the Islamic State.    Mr. MacArthur. I thank you.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Ms. Sanchez.