    Mr. Healey. Chairman Neugebauer, Ranking Member Clay, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the honor of testifying today.    Over the past nearly 20 years, I have been involved in cyber operations and policy in the military and intelligence community, the White House, and the finance sector. Now, with Columbia University's SIPA and the Atlantic Council think tank, I may be less involved in the day-to-day cyber tumult than my colleagues, but with a bit more freedom to analyze what might be next. Therefore, in the interest of time, I will agree with the strength of the sector that my colleagues have already mentioned in order to look ahead.    Last year we published the first history of cyber conflict of how states have really, over the past 25 years, fought in cyberspace. One of the key lessons is that it may be easy to disrupt a target using the Internet but it is far more difficult to keep it down over time in the face of determined defenses. And as we saw after the attacks of September 11th, the finance sector can be extremely determined.    Therefore, looking forward, I believe the committee need not be overly concerned about a James Bond-style large-scale disruptive attack taking down the sector. This should not mean that we should rest on our successes to date.    In fact, I am deeply worried that the finance sector will get caught up in what I believe is the Internet's most dangerous moment. If nuclear talks with Iran collapsed, there might be a rapid spike in truly disruptive attacks by a dangerous cyber adversary who has already struck at U.S. financial targets. Worse, President Putin of Russia may likewise feel that with his own economic back against the wall, it is time to retaliate with some just deniable enough little green bytes. Facing potentially existential regime threats, Iran and Russia may see little downside to digitally lashing out against a global financial system in which they have few remaining stakes.    As an example of what we might expect, while a next generation Sony-style attack would not take down the sector as a whole, it might seriously disrupt a systemically important financial institution so that it could not clear or settle within--by the end of the day. These dangers require immediate contingency planning and can--including exercises such as those my colleagues have talked about within the sector and with the regulators and other Federal and international partners.    On the government side, the Executive Branch could do a better job of leading from the front and sharing protection and restraint.    The government berates companies to share information, but despite recent gains, it keeps too much information classified or stuck behind bureaucratic barriers. It may need some added push from committees like yours, which oversees the sectors which so desperately need that stuck information.    Likewise, as someone who has proudly worked in both the public and private sectors, it is frustrating to hear bureaucrats or even directors of NSA complain that companies miss standards even in the face of their own Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA) scores. And even though it should be in the long-term interest of the United States that financial infrastructures should be off-limits to cyber attacks, the Department of Defense has not yet made clear statements to create that norm.    In conclusion, this subcommittee might also usefully push the Executive Branch to think of a broader set of possible responses to give the finance sector more staying power in the event of a sustained conflict such as against Russia or China.    When I was working finance sector-wide events with the FS-ISAC, our responses could have been far more successful not with DOD suppressing fire or cyber ninjas, but with solid officers and NCOs ready to roll up their sleeves to help corral the countless details of a major response. In the face of nation-state cyber threats, we would not want the sector to stumble simply for the lack of a few MOUs in place beforehand for more flexible partnerships.    And if you remember, the FS-ISAC would likely never have been as strong as it is today, if it had not been recapitalized 12 years ago by a grant from Treasury, with the proviso that it would provide service to all regulated American financial institutions, not just those who paid a membership fee. It may be the time for additional innovation using grants, perhaps not directly to the sector anymore, but to the countless other non-stake groups who help defend this Nation's critical infrastructure.    Thank you for your time.    Mr. Healey. We have been learning over time that a determined offense will almost always get through. This is not a recent trend; we have seen quotes that go back to the 1970's that essentially say the bad guys are going to get through if they want to. So the best, I think, any company, any organization can do is to not just try to keep them out, but to do what the financial--I think it has been pretty good at, at least at the main institutions, is presumption of breach.    Assume that there is already a heist going on, that you have a sophisticated set of diamond thieves who are already inside the bank, and then how do you find those sophisticated diamond thieves when they are inside? I suspect JPMorgan Chase would not have discovered an intrusion of they hadn't been using this presumption of breach.    But this is still difficult. It is tough even for the big institutions to do, so I am worried about how the small and medium-sized financial institutions are going to try to catch up.    Mr. Healey. Yes.    Mr. Healey. Yes, sir. Certainly, what we have seen--the Verizon data breach investigations report, which was already brought up, does a good job of seeing the kinds of attacks that have been hitting the finance sector as a whole. The larger set of attacks hitting the finance sector has been point-of-sale and other kind of similar attacks are those that go like phishing emails after Web sites.    What is surprisingly small for the finance sector has been inside abuse, which has been only about 7 percent of the total, and also espionage, which again we tend to associate with China, has only been about 1 percent. So really, cyber espionage hasn't been the scourge for finance as it has for some of the other sectors.    Russia, Eastern European hackers, because they dominated a lot of that criminal market has been I think a lot more significant than North Korea or China. Again, we saw Iran very significantly 2, 3 years ago and we may see them again.    Mr. Healey. On the earlier question and shooting back, this is something that the Department of Defense has taken very seriously. And now they have a national mission for us at U.S. Cyber Command that is there looking into what they say, red space, looking at the United States' main adversaries. And if there were a large-scale attack on the United States of the kind I talked about, U.S. Cyber Command would be there to try and disrupt the incoming attacks on the finance sector.    Mr. Healey. Yes, I am very pleased. It is there. I think if we were able to get more response in place and think more broadly, we might be able to get to fix the sector before it reaches the point that the Department of Defense needs to shoot back and potentially escalate the crisis.    Mr. Healey. I'm sorry. The 2009--    Mr. Healey. Yes. Those kinds of exercises, I think, have been very interesting in getting some lessons that have fit in. But again, I think we often go to those extreme cases, which I think are less likely--are going to be--    Mr. Healey. To some degree, I certainly agree with you. The system has become so complex that it is difficult for anyone to try and understand it. At least when we had--just trying to understand financial risk prior to 2008, we had risk modelers, we had VAR, we had all sorts of tools and people whose responsibility it was to track this complexity and figure out who was holding the risk at the end of the day.    I am worried that on cyber risk, not just in the finance sector, the system has gotten so complex that we can't model what we know who is ultimately holding the risk at the end of the day. And I think the sector has started to get their arms around this by looking at vendor management, active contact management to figure out not just how is the security at a single bank, but how is the security of their supply chain and those they depend on.    So we are starting to get our arms around it as a sector--    Mr. Healey. --but I think it is very difficult.    Mr. Healey. If I can, I will take the national part, just to get us warmed up here.    So we have seen a number of these national state attacks that have looked at the finance sector. The most recent one where denial of service attacks by Iran, probably about 2012 that unfolded over the course of a year, almost 2 years of whether or not they were angry at sanctions and decided the finance sector was the right target to show their displeasure or out of--because they had been attacked by Stuxnet. So a group that was difficult to pin directly on Iran, but intelligence was able to help determine that it was.    Every day, every couple of days would decide on a new set of American banks that they would target. They would direct Botnet zombies under their control of compromised computers onto those targets every couple of days. They would change those targets to flood the Web site.    This wasn't a big deal if it was only interrupting getting to the main Web site of the bank. Again, it might hurt consumer confidence a little bit, but there is no real information that is important to the market.    If it was keeping them from getting access to look at their account, their online information, then it starts getting a little bit worse. Still not systemically important, because they can still get their money from the ATM; they just can't look at it online and do some of the bill pays or other things that they might want to do. That has been, I think, one of the best examples.    When the United States has wanted to do it against others, we have looked at, can we do covert actions, say against Slobodan Milosevic or Saddam Hussein. And we still--we love that idea, but it doesn't appear like we have done it just yet.    Mr. Healey. I believe in the United States we do, sir. I think the statutory framework here goes back something like 30 years. It is very solid. The law enforcement agency has been catching up.    What worries me and probably the whole panel is there are sanctuaries. If someone is hitting you from China, you are probably never going to get them. If someone is hitting you from Russia, you are probably never going to get your hands on them, and so they are able to operate from these sanctuaries with--    Mr. Healey. Russian Mafia with ties to the Russian government--    Mr. Healey. I think put pressure on the governments where we can, try and include this into our overall conversation.    Mr. Healey. And also just--    Mr. Healey. We are never going to get cuffs on them, sir, so I think the more that we can do to disrupt their operations, things like botnet takedowns, try and increase the cost on them so that way--if we can't put the cuffs on them by putting them in jail, we can increase the cost so it becomes more and more and more difficult.    Mr. Healey. Justice is going to be very difficult and, in fact, might be unattainable. So we have to look for other positive public policy outcomes that we can achieve.    The sector, I think, has done a good job in working with the telecommunications sector, ISPs and others, vendors like Microsoft in asking, how can we disrupt their attacks to begin with? That doesn't give us the satisfaction of seeing the punishment that they deserve, but it can stop the attacks from having the effect that they want on the sector.    I am very hopeful that now that the White House has come out with their plan for information-sharing and analysis organizations, we can use these kinds of groups to be more purpose focused.    I have not spoken much about information-sharing. I don't care much about information. I want to see results. And so if we build our groups around stopping DDoS attacks, stopping account takeovers and the rest, and build our information-sharing to that, I think we can thwart them much better than we have been.    Mr. Healey. Sir, a lot of the ISAC dates back to 1998 when President Clinton asked because, of course, he couldn't tell the private sector to come together and put these ISACs in place for their sectors.    The finance sector started the year after--1999 was the Financial Services, ISAC. I had the honor to be vice chairman of that group several years after that. So a lot of the--the finance sector is one of the few that of those original set that is kind of going strong. Telecommunications has been good. Information technology has been good.    Many other sectors, they have kind of been born and died in the time before auto came together. So I think auto is in a great position of having been able to look at what has worked best in these ISACs and what hasn't.    For example, in the early days of the financial services ISAC, we wanted to jump right into automated sharing of the kind that we heard about today with Soltra Edge. But we weren't ready, we didn't have the trust between us yet. We had to sit down together, get to know one another, have a few drinks together, and then we built up that trust between ourselves and with government.    Also, one of the big lessons is a higher level of governance for the sector. The ISAC was operational only. Then, when we had to deal with the government on larger issues, we were too operationally focused to have that. So, we came up with a group that Greg now represents, the FSSCC, to be there at that higher level and the regulators set up the FIEBC, their structure, so that we had this government regulators and finance sector policy level, at the managing director level to cooperate.    So I think the Auto-ISAC is on great ground and I look forward to seeing what lessons that finance can draw from it.    Mr. Healey. I believe it is safe. The--    Mr. Healey. --I believe the American financial system is sound. I think it would be very difficult, as we also said in those opening comments, for any adversary to systemically disrupt the American financial system over a long period of time. It is just very difficult, I believe, in all of the strengths that we have talked about here.    However, particular institutions, well, one we might see shorter-term disruptions, maybe not being able to close at the end of the day like we would normally expect to.    Mr. Healey. Sure.    Mr. Healey. Right. If the--especially if this kind of attack were to happen, for example, on the 15th of the month or the last day of the month at a particular institution, then I believe that--no financial institution, I believe, can stand up to the kind of attack that we might be able to see from one of these organizations.    That doesn't lead to anything systemic, but I think it is going to give a single bank a really bad day.    Mr. Healey. No.    Mr. Healey. I do not believe it is safe. We have seen the hackers be able to hit for decades to be mostly unstopped. Year after year, they have continued to make gains over us, the defenders.    Of the places where my personal information lives, I feel safest of where it lives in the finance sector. I am really happy that my bank has my social. I feel a little bit worse that the Social Security Administration has my social. I am pleased that student loans are with my bank. I am a little bit more nervous with the Department of Education.    That said, it is a deep concern. No one's information is safe.    Mr. Healey. And the ISAC has taken on international members, so we are starting to work outside with our key financial partners.