    Mr. Collins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am very happy that we are having this hearing today on ways to improve our Medicare program. In a couple of the bills that are up for discussion are very important, including H.R. 556, the Prevent Interruptions in Physical Therapy Act, which was introduced by my good friend, Mr. Bilirakis, and I am a proud cosponsor of that bill. That bill came to my attention because of the significant number of physical therapists in my district, western New York, very rural, who reached out to my office, and pretty much articulated the same problem we have heard discussed already, finding someone else to take care of their patients if the PT needs to go out of town for any variety of reasons.    Mark Howard, the owner and chief therapist of a very small private PT practice in Depew, New York, western New York again, recently wrote to me, and he said when he goes out of town, either to attend a seminar or perhaps getting the continuing education units that he would need to stay compliant with our State regulations, his wife, who is also a PT, takes over for him. So in that case, he doesn't have a problem. But he said there are times he and his wife travel together, and at that point, there is a problem. That is when they have to find a replacement therapist, assign their payments, which can take several weeks, and a lot of advanced planning, as you very well already discussed. If they didn't do this, the elderly patient care would be interrupted, obviously, as you again explain, setting back their treatment schedules.    So I really think, Ms. Norby, you handle that very well, and Mr. Bilirakis covered that in a lot of detail which we, I suppose, could go back over, but I think that has been discussed. So I would like to maybe switch, and even though today, while we are primarily talking about patient payment plans, Dr. Gould, I would like to also talk about patient access, because they are kind of related. But in particular, in reading through your testimony, I noticed you reference that there is a large number of community oncology practices that have closed or have been forced or have chosen to merge with various hospitals. And certainly my concern in this regard is on the access piece.    I just wondered if you could discuss any of the reasons, perhaps unintended or otherwise, but some of the reasons that have caused so many, especially oncology practices, to merge under hospitals?    Mr. Collins. So let me interrupt there, because I heard this before. Is it safe to say a private oncology practice would not have 340B pricing?    Mr. Collins. So in this case, if I have this right, a 340B hospital, and we are talking about very expensive oncology drugs, I mean, these could be $100,000-type drugs. So in the 340B setting, there is a private oncology practice, they treat a patient, there is a $100,000 pharmaceutical, they are covered by Blue Cross/Blue Shield, it is prescribed, Blue Cross/Blue Shield pays it and we move on. But now, if the same practice merges under a hospital, the same drug is given, the same reimbursement is made by Blue Cross/Blue Shield, to give an example, but then that hospital turns around and gets a discount from the drug company and get that drug for $20,000.    Mr. Collins. In which case that $80,000 goes to the bottom line of the hospital, which actually, in a profit-motivating world, would allow them to pay a lot of money for private oncology practice. The primary financial driver of that is nothing more than telling the pharmaceutical companies they are going to take it on the chin, have to pass this discount on because it a 340B situation, but nothing else has changed. I know my time has expired, but is my understanding of that fairly accurate?    Mr. Collins. I know my time has expired, but that goes back to picking winners and losers, and we are not supposed to be doing that. With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.