    Mr. Connolly. I thank the chairman.    And I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for allowing me to go at this moment because I have to chair a meeting at 12:30.    Let me just say, you know, I was just listening to our colleague from Florida. It is easy to make a scapegoat out of somebody or something. That isn't to absolve people of responsibility. But what we are facing is a much bigger threat than a management snafu.    We are facing a systemic, organized, financed, pernicious campaign by the Chinese Government, in the form of the People's Liberation Army, with a trained unit to penetrate weak spots in our cyber world. And that includes the Federal Government, and it may include retail and commercial enterprises, certainly banks among them.    To pretend somehow this is Ms. Archuleta's fault is to really miss the big picture and, frankly, a disservice to our country. We have a bigger threat. Whether we want to acknowledge it or not, we now are engaged in a low-level but intense new kind of cold war, a cyber war, with certain adversaries, including China and Russia. And it is every bit as much a threat to the security and stability of this country, and we need to gird ourselves for this battle.    And it is not okay to dismiss testimony that resources were denied. This committee led the effort, and I probably cosponsored the bill, to try to modernize how we purchase and manage IT assets in the Federal Government. Is that important? Why are these people here today before us? Because it is important. And Congress has neglected it. We can't have it both ways.    So, while we certainly hold Ms. Archuleta responsible, as the head of OPM, for how they are managing this breach and we have every right to question why the breach occurred, to make a scapegoat in this ``Alice in Wonderland,'' you know, world we have created here sometimes, where the answer is, ``Off with your head,'' how easy. What a cheap headline that gets. And it does get a headline every time. But it begs the question which is far more fundamental, far more profound, and far more disturbing as a threat. And that is ultimately what we need to deal with, it seems to me.    Mr. McFarland, last week, your office issued a flash audit alert to raise awareness of serious concerns over OPM's ongoing overhaul of its entire IT infrastructure. According to that flash alert, your office stated, ``In our opinion, the project management approach for this major infrastructure overhaul is entirely inadequate and introduces a very high risk of project failure.''    If I understand correctly, what you are saying is that the project won't do what we need it to do. Is that correct, Mr. McFarland?    Mr. Connolly. Well, I want to use the word in the report: ``entirely inadequate''; ``introduces a very high risk of project failure.'' That doesn't say, to me, there is the possibility of failure. It kind of predicts it is more likely than not.    Mr. Connolly. Okay.    Mr. Connolly. You also indicated it will cost too much. Do you want to expand on that a little bit?    Mr. Connolly. Right. One would note that the CIA used an outside vendor, and I think they spent $600 million, but their system seems to be working. But it cost $600 million, I think, over 10 years, if I am not correct. Ring a bell? Sound right?    Mr. Connolly. Worth looking at, because they partnered with the private sector rather than try to find all the answers inside.    Ms. Archuleta, what is your response to that IG flash audit alert?    Mr. Connolly. Just a final note, Mr. Chairman. I introduced the Federal Agency Data Breach Notification Act of 2014. Unfortunately, although we blended that on a bipartisan basis into the Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act, the Senate did not act.    Had we acted, we would have had protocols in place for dealing with this kind of breach, at least after the fact, so that, you know, we could reassure the victims, who are Federal employees and Federal retirees. And I would hope that this committee once again will help prod the system, as it did last year, only this time getting the Senate to act, because that is really important.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. My time is up.    And, again, thank you to my dear friend from Pennsylvania.