    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And Mr. Chairman, on that last remark, I appreciate that could happen to anyone. And I am delighted that you took the action you took.    Mr. Chairman, the title of today's hearing, ``Compulsory Unionization through Grievance Fees: The NLRB's Assault on Right-to-Work'' fundamentally distorts the legal issues in a pending appeal before the NLRB. That appeal has to do with whether a union may charge a nonmember a fee to process a grievance when they request the union's assistance. The NLRB has solicited amicus briefs, but has not acted. Regardless, the case doesn't have anything to do with the right-to-work laws. I think we ought to let the NLRB process go forward, in any case.    I represent a district in Virginia, which is a right-to-work state and has been since 1947. That means that workers who are employed at a unionized workplace in Virginia cannot be required to pay union fees as a ``condition of employment.''    However, this hearing does give us an opportunity to highlight serious policy questions beyond the narrow issue of grievance fees, such as whether the vast majority of workers are better off with stronger or weaker union representation.    Congress passed the Taft-Hartley Act in 1947 that allows states to pass these right-to-work laws that allow workers to get all of the benefits of union representation without the responsibility of paying anything for it.    Over the last 58 years, state legislators have passed so-called right-to-work laws in 25 states. Since unions have the duty of fair representation to represent members and nonmembers alike, they are obligated to incur the costs of representing free riders, who are not paying union dues, and it forces actual members to pay higher dues to cover the expenses of the free riders, which creates a further disincentive to be a union member.    When a grievance goes to arbitration, the cost to the union can often exceed $5,000 a case, an expense that dues-paying members must shoulder if the grievance is brought by a nonmember.    Again, this isn't a discussion about the right to work. It is a question of whether one desires a stronger or weaker union movement. The economic research is clear, stronger unions are better than weaker unions for building and sustaining a strong middle class. Stronger unions reduce wage inequality and help ensure that the increased wealth generated by growing productivity is fairly shared by the workers.    Falling union participation exacerbates the troubling economic conditions we are seeing today: stagnant wages and extreme levels of inequality in wealth and income. And this chart shows part of the problem. It shows from 1948 to 1973, as productivity grew 97 percent, wages went up 91 percent. But since 1973, worker output has soared another 74 percent, but income--but the hourly wages have gone up only 9 percent.    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Mr. Mix, you went to great lengths to talk about the unfairness of union members not being fairly represented. Isn't it true that even nonmembers get the benefit of salary negotiations?    Mr. Mix. That is true. Under the exclusive monopoly of bargaining power, those workers will receive those. But they have to.    Mr. Scott. Okay. And if the union hires people to make sure the workplace is safe, the nonmembers get benefit of that--of those expenditures?    Mr. Mix. Congressman Scott, you are assuming that everything is a benefit to everybody. I would disagree with that contention, that premise. And we can discuss these. I mean--    Mr. Scott. Okay, well--    Mr. Mix.--the idea that something benefits you, I may not believe it to be a benefit. So you can talk about the equity of that--    Mr. Scott. Well--    Mr. Mix.--compulsory agreement.    Mr. Scott. But you know that Virginia is an employment-at-will state, where the employer can fire people without cause?    Mr. Mix. Yes, sir. And as a state legislator, you know they are not the same code. The employment-at-will doctrine is completely separate from the right-to-work doctrine.    Mr. Scott. That is true. But if you are not a union member and the union contract says you can't be fired without cause, you would benefit for that even though you are not paying dues, is that true?    Mr. Mix. That is a burden that the union took upon themselves, sir. They wanted to be the exclusive bargaining agent. In fact, the United Steel Workers--    Mr. Scott. The employee nonmember gets the benefit of that protection.    Mr. Mix. Under the monopoly bargaining agreement, they are. The courts have recognized there is a duty of representation, that is correct.    Mr. Scott. Dr. Bruno, the nonmembers get the benefit of all of the benefits that members get. Is it a different question when you talk about individualized representation that no one benefits from except the free rider?    Mr. Scott. And what about--yes. But a grievance is an individual representation that runs up cost. Is that a different question whether a nonmember were to have access to that individualized representation that doesn't benefit anybody but that nonmember?    Mr. Scott. But that individual will benefit without paying any of the costs?    Mr. Scott. We have heard that right-to-work states, Dr. Bruno, have competitive advantages. What is the competitive advantage that a right-to-work state has?    Mr. Scott. Dr. Gould, can you talk about the benefits of union membership to nonmembers? To those areas where there are not--people are not--do not belong to unions, what a strong union movement does for them?    Mr. Scott. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the witnesses for their testimony.    It is clear that everybody benefits when you have strong unions, higher wages, less inequality. It is better for the economy. And under right-to-work, those who are not members, not contributing anything to the dues get the same union representation without paying that those who have actually paid for the benefits; that is in higher wages, job security, pension, safe workplace. They get all the benefits that--paid for by members. They get to be freeloaders.    This extends to the individual representation at a grievance. And the question before the NLRB is whether it should be illegal to require any payment from a nonmember for the individual representation they get at a grievance. Not the total cost of the grievance. Just any payment at all, whether or not that ought to be legal. That case is pending before the NLRB. They have asked for briefs, and whatever the decision--whatever decision is made is subject to appeal. So we don't know what the decision will be or what the final outcome will be.    But it is clear that some payment ought to be available to help offset the individualized costs to the union. But we will have to see.    I yield back.