    Mr. Tonko. Well, thank you and good morning to our witnesses.    And thank you, Chair Shimkus, for holding this important hearing on what is a very vital topic and appreciate the opportunity to work in partnership with our Vice Chair Harper as we address, again, a very important phenomenon for all of our communities across the country.    We have all heard the often repeated statistics about rural and small water systems. More than 94 percent of the 150,000 public drinking water systems in the United States serve fewer than 3300 customers. Although small systems dominate in numbers, they serve just about 8 percent of our population overall. But to households and businesses across this great country, the key feature they are interested in is not the size of their water utility. It is reliable, daily delivery of safe clean water at an affordable price to their homes and businesses that matters.    We will hear from managers of these small systems here this morning. And what we will hear is that they cannot simply pass all of their costs for technical assistance, infrastructure repairs, tapping into new water sources, or keeping pace with drinking water regulations onto their customers with ongoing rate increases. The rate bases for these small systems are too small to cover the costs of these essential materials and services. It is long past time for us here in Congress to provide robust financial support for our water utilities.    In addition to support through traditional funding mechanisms, the SRF, and grant programs, we should also examine alternative financing mechanisms, new technologies, and potential new partnerships that will enable every dollar to go forward in reducing the backlog of infrastructure projects and in ways reducing operating costs through efficiency, both water and energy.    I am very pleased to have Mayor Keegan here this morning to represent the small water utilities that serve people throughout our State, New York. Mayor Keegan and our witnesses from Representative Harper's district in Mississippi will provide us with a glimpse of the challenges they face each and every day in their efforts to deliver clean safe drinking water to their public. They do a remarkable job in keeping clean water flowing to every home, every day.    Water infrastructure is essential. It is the only way to state it. We can afford to do this. We cannot afford to delay these investments any longer. Public health, community viability, and economic vitality all rest on the foundation of a sound infrastructure. We cannot maintain global leadership and compete in a 21st century global economy with 20th century infrastructure held together with a hope and a prayer.    We have an excellent panel with us today. Thank you for taking time away from your important work and busy schedules to be here to do your messaging this morning.    And thank you, Mayor Keegan, Mayor Newman--Mr. Newman, Mr. Selman, and Mr. Stewart for the expertise and dedication you will demonstrate to your communities--that you demonstrate to your communities each and every day at work. I look forward to your testimony and to working with each and every one of you as we move forward.    And I am very pleased to working with the chair of the subcommittee and with our vice chair, Representative Harper, and other members of the subcommittee on this very important issue.    With that, I thank you.    And, Mr. Chair, I yield back.    Mr. Tonko. Castleton on the Hudson.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you again, Chair Shimkus, for calling this hearing and for inviting the witness from 20th District of New York. Mayor Keegan, I appreciate you making the trip here today.    Drinking water systems in the district of that I represent, and I think every district across the country, are facing significant challenges as they work to ensure that everyone, including people in small and rural communities, have access to safe water. That is why I introduced the Aqua Act last Congress to improve all of the tools EPA currently has to assist these systems.    I appreciate the work that my colleague Mr. Harper from Mississippi has done on these issues, and I look forward to working with him to get at least some of these changes into law. It seems that every week in my district there is another water main break. Treated water and the money we have invested is being wasted. So it is dollars and water flowing out of those pipes.    Mayor Keegan, can you describe some of the issues you have had in your town with water main breaks and the obstacles you face in preventing these ruptures?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you.    And, you know, this is such a serious issue and one that will require more significant infrastructure financing, including that investment in technology, not just technical assistance.    Mr. Gomez, GAO has studied the range of Government programs that provide assistance to rural and small water systems as well as the need the systems face.    What is the funding gap for water infrastructure? I know earlier you gave a combined total, I believe, for water and--drinking water and sewer. What is the funding for the drinking water infrastructure and how much money does it entail?    Mr. Tonko. Thank you. And, obviously, the water systems represented on this panel I would think agree that more resources are required.    So Mayor Keegan, do you support legislation to reauthorize the SRF and increase the funding available? You know, you mentioned in your testimony the need for grants, not just loans, and I think many of you mentioned that. Is it fair to say that your village has reached the limit of its ability to borrow more for the needed funds?    Mr. Tonko. And I assume the SRF is also a favorable thing for you?    Mr. Tonko. And do you also support efforts to expand technical assistance initiatives like the Aqua Act?    Mr. Tonko. And to the other gentlemen on the panel, any responses in terms of technical assistance and the relevant role it might play?    Mr. Tonko. And the other gentlemen in terms of technical assistance funding and the SRF?    Mr. Tonko. And Mr. Stewart?    Mr. Tonko. Right. Well, the Aqua Act that I introduced would cover some of these costs.    So I appreciate your comments, and with that I yield back.    Mr. Tonko. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I just want to commend the entire panel. I think what you shared with us is not only great insight, but advocacy for what is a very high priority, and you have done it through that frontline experience. So it provides an extra bit of impact, I think, on the decisions that are made here.    But thank you for reinforcing what we have understood to be a problem. And this is a very high priority problem, I would think, for the country. So thank you very much. And I was impressed by all the statements that you have made and the responses that you have provided.