    Mr. Ashford. Thank you. And I appreciate the opportunity to be the last questioner. But I thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to just make a few points. I also was in Afghanistan and Iraq with Congressman Moulton and Congresswoman Stefanik and Congressman Wilson. It was an extremely important trip. We went everywhere, pretty much, and these answers have been right in line with the thinking at least I come back with.    And it was very important to have Congressman Moulton there because of his work with General Petraeus. He was able to really zero in and--laser-like on the questions that--many of which have been asked today.    Let me just say, I absolutely agree with the panel, General Keane for sure, and that is that the number one goal here is to destroy ISIS and that we need to refresh, rewrite, do again, whatever it is, the resolution that is there.    We had several conversations--I did and I know Congressman Moulton did and others--with members of the military and leaders--King Abdullah and the prime minister in Iraq and so forth. And everyone said the same thing: We need to have a clear resolve.    I was on a C-130 and the navigator said, ``Congressman, do you think you can get a resolution?'' You know, and I said, ``Well, we will see if we can,'' but, I mean, it is clearly the case.    I have been struggling with, and I also would just say this: I absolutely reject the idea that somehow these Muslim Arab countries cannot, with our help, be successful. I think that is just not correct.    I know you are saying the opposite, but I, you know, hear that, and that it--and that we are an exceptional nation and that we are going to have to maybe play a role that maybe somewhat outweigh those of others. And also that the ideological work, which clearly every leader we talk to--King Abdullah was emphatic about the need to address, you know, sectarian education, to deal with economic development. And he did talk about a Syrian strategy, and it is a little more long-term.    Let me just ask this. I know in Nebraska, you know, what I get asked is, you know, ``Are we going to need boots on the ground,'' and I know you have answered this. My sense is that we haven't defined that yet, we don't know exactly what the assistance is going to be. We are in an assist role at the brigade level now and we have--intelligence support as well as our Air Force and Navy pilots, whatever.    I think you are right. I think we have to have a broader resolution, but boots on the ground does not necessarily mean a brigade, but if there is something going on in the field where Americans need to, I am sorry for the long question, need to get involved, that would--that is also boots on the ground, technically. They are on the ground.    So, General, could you--if you would?    General Keane. Well, let me just--well, first of all, I appreciate your comments and you going to the region like that. It is insightful listening to you.    We do create a false narrative here, and it is this, and rightfully so. We don't want to be involved in a protracted war like Iraq or Afghanistan, certainly. We all understand that. But also, nobody is talking about that here either.    So we get a choice between--we don't want to have boots on the ground that will lead us to a protracted war where hundreds of thousands of U.S. troops are involved. I don't know anybody that is making such a proposal or recommendation. Certainly nobody in the Pentagon, to be sure.    And I don't know anyone who is opposed to the President's strategy is suggesting such a thing either. But we are suggesting what is reasonable. And it is reasonable that the coalition lead and we help.    So we do need some boots on the ground to make them more effective, and I think that is reasonable. So what are we really arguing over here? We are arguing over scale.    The present policy is nothing below brigade level. I am saying you got to get down to battalion level where the fighting is going on. And maybe we will eventually get there because as we begin to do this General Austin and his team will want the same thing. And then we need Apache helicopters, and AC-130 gunships, and et cetera, et cetera.    This is modest improvement, in my judgment, that gets you an exponential better result.    Now, let me throw something out that maybe you would disagree with. If this offensive fails, we try it and it fails, do we wring our hands and say, ``Okay, we are going to come back next year with the same force, with more boots on the ground, better-trained force and we will give it a try in 2016,'' or, if this is truly in our national interest, maybe a reasonable alternative is to have an Arab coalition force that the United States is part of form in Kuwait and we put that force on the ground, which would mean some brigade combat teams to do that.    Is that something we should do now? Absolutely not. We want the burden to be borne by the Iraqis.    But if it is failure and we can't seem to get there, should that be an alternative that we should at least consider? I think it is.    Mr. Ashford. If I may, and I don't--my clock isn't working so I may be over--is--I agree with you, and I think that is the kind of definition, because Mosul is tough, and it may be--or these other operations.    And quite frankly, 2016, we were told, that is in play. It is going to take--it may take 2016, with other efforts, and it may take more American forces. So that is--as we draft this thing I think that advice has to be taken into consideration.    Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Y'all have answered a wide range of questions and I think you can tell members are very serious and very concerned about this. I don't want to try your patience too long. I have got one other thing I want to get comments from our legal experts, if I may, because it continues to bother me in some ways.    And my question is, can the way an enemy define itself or affiliate itself matter when it comes to an AUMF? Because we have stretched the meaning of the 2001 AUMF so far that anyone who has a connection with the attacks of 9/11, it is just hard to even believe those words have much meaning.    And we have this situation where there have been incidents where al-Nusra and ISIS have disassociated themselves from each other and actually fought with each other, and yet the claim is once you are under the--affiliated with Al Qaeda you are always affiliated with Al Qaeda no matter what you do or say.    So we don't want people to be able to change their name and thus not be subject to attack. On the other hand, is there nothing that you do or say that ever changes your affiliation?    I mean, I don't know, do y'all have legal opinions about the way that works or doesn't work?