    Mr. Zinke. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I do agree with your assessment of ISIS, but I also don't think Al Qaeda is out of the game. And my fear is, being number two, Al Qaeda will strike in a larger way because they are in a battle for influence.    But I would like to turn the attention to Iran. Since Congress failed to stop the President's Iranian deal, we have watched Iran launch two ICBMs , we have watched them deploy missile strikes in Camp Liberty, we have watched them embolden and, to a degree, influence the Shia militia.    To your point about reconciliation between the Sunnis and the Shia, as Iranian influence begins to be emboldened, I don't see how a Sunni reconciliation can occur without checking Iran.    And there are reports, and I believe they are valid, as the Shia militia went through its anti-Sunni rallying cries and battle cries. And my fear in Ramadi--although I think that we were wise to put the Iraqi military in charge of that operation rather than the Shia militia--as that territory is gained, if the result is simply the Shia militia and a greater Iranian influence in the Anbar Province, I think that is perilous.    How concerned are you about Iranian influence in Iraq and Syria?    Mr. Zinke. Do you see any indication that Iran has changed their tune?    Mr. Zinke. Thank you.    And really quick, because I am running out of time, a question directed to you, Mr. Ambassador, is--and thank you for being here--is that, talking to our allies, there seems to be a problem with trust. I would say that our allies don't trust us and our enemies don't fear us.    But I do believe a solution, both political and a military solution, is called for, but part of the military solution cannot be just a U.S.-only force. It has to be made of--because this is a war between Islam as much as it is East and West.    Are you concerned about the level of trust in our allies? Because I agree with your assessment, that only the U.S. can lead this successfully. And yet, how do we gain the trust back of our allies should we decide to bring a force in and allies--a group of allies? And I think you know the members.    Ambassador Ford. Congressman, I think it is possible that some of the states in the region, Gulf States, Jordanians and others, would be willing to insert ground forces into a place like Syria, but they are not going to do it without the blessing and even the support of the United States.    Mr. Zinke. That is very clear.    Ambassador Ford. And what the mission of that force would be would have to be defined. And I don't think it is the answer by itself. It might be one part of a longer list of things to be done. By itself, it is not enough.    But in terms of your question about how do you rebuild trust, I think two things: Number one, the administration needs to show people in the Gulf, and, in particular, Saudi Arabia, but also countries like Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, that we may disagree on a lot of things--human rights issues and other things, the influence of the Wahhabis in Saudi Arabia, where we have a deep disagreement--but, fundamentally, we stand for their security.    In the tit-for-tat between Iran and Saudi Arabia, I have not heard the administration come out and say, ``We may disagree with the execution of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, but the stability and security of Saudi Arabia is a vital American national interest.'' I have not heard that said.    Second, just on an operational level, I would actually like higher-level envoys to take that message out to the Gulf. I would like to see some people from Washington, and not just people in uniform, as important as they are to this, but I would also like to see high-level envoys from the Department of State and/or the White House go out and deliver that message so that you could begin to have a conversation, a really frank conversation, about what we are all trying to do in the region.    Mr. Zinke. Thank you.    Thank you. I yield back.    The Chairman. Mr. Castro.