    Ms. Bass. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    And thank you, Director, for coming and testifying today.    I'd like to talk about the recent operation cross traffic, FBI's nationwide effort to crack down on child sex trafficking. The FBI's October 13 release about the operation states: ``Operation Cross Country, a nationwide law enforcement action that focused on underage victims of prostitution has concluded with the recovery of 149 sexually exploited children and the arrest of more than 150 pimps and other individuals.''    And, first of all, I'd like to commend the agency for correctly referring to the children as sexually exploited children versus prostitutes because a child who is under the age of consent should never be considered a prostitute.    This release refers to other individuals, and I was wondering who those other individuals were. I have a concern that while it's extremely appropriate to focus on the pimps, it's also, in my opinion, very much appropriate to focus on the child molesters who some people would call Johns, but I would like to know if that's who you were referring to, and what is the focus on the child molesters?    Ms. Bass. Thank you. The release also says that the children were recovered, and I wondered what does that mean. So what has happened or will happen with the children?    Ms. Bass. Right.    Ms. Bass. And in addition to medical attention, they certainly need a tremendous amount of therapy. I think it's important, you know, in the future, I would appreciate it if you would lift up--where you were saying that the other individuals were referring to the child molesters, I think it's really important that we focus, we call it correctly and that we focus on that.    In addition, I would also like to know if the FBI tracks the number of children that are in foster care. We know that a large percentage of these kids are in foster care, but there's not a lot of documentation. Do you have documentation that could give us some numbers?    Ms. Bass. Oh, I didn't know that.    Ms. Bass. Great. Well, I would like to follow up with your office and get that data.    I'd also like to commend you for your Innocence Lost Task Force, and I'd like to know if there's more that we can be doing to assist your efforts in Innocence Lost. I work with them in the Los Angeles area, and you know, you have been in the leadership of bringing different sectors of law enforcement together to understand this problem and address it.    Ms. Bass. Okay. Thank you.    And I yield back my time.