    Mr. Doyle. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I want to thank you for convening this hearing on this final rule.    Many of my constituents were concerned by the proposed rule on coal-ash disposal because of concerns that it might limit beneficial reuse on the one hand or fail to protect the public health on the other. But I am generally pleased with this rule. EPA has protected beneficial reuse and put in criteria that will ensure safe disposal.    Mr. Stanislaus, I would like to ask you just a few questions.    The final rule prevents or restricts--does EPA's new final rule prevent or restrict beneficial reuse of coal in any way?    Mr. Doyle. In fact, coal ash that is beneficially reused won't be subject to the disposal requirement in the rule; is that right?    Mr. Doyle. And, in fact, according to the final rule, 52 million tons of coal ash are beneficially reused annually. Can you tell us about some of the environmental benefits of recycling coal ash instead of sending it to a landfill or wet impoundments?    Mr. Doyle. Thank you.    I want to move on to what we have been hearing a lot of discussion about. You are going to hear a lot about this self-implementing requirement for this rule, and I wanted to give you the opportunity--and I know you have talked a little bit about it already--on this concern that we are creating a dual regulatory regime, potentially requiring owners and operators to adhere to two sets of standards.    What does it mean when--so the EPA will approve these State plans, and you say that they will be approved as long as they demonstrate Federal compliance. What does that mean? You know, what does that terminology mean?    Mr. Doyle. So you are saying that any State plan that EPA would approve would have within its plan the Federal requirements. So there is no way that any State would be out of compliance with the Federal requirement if you have approved their plan, because that will be, at the very minimum, what their plan has to adopt, and then they can do something over and above that?    Mr. Doyle. So what you are saying, in effect, that if a State adopts that plan and the utility implements it, that there is no way they can be out of compliance with the Federal statute. They could be out of compliance with the State one if it has extra provisions within it.    Mr. Doyle. But you feel that addresses that concern about the dual regulation?    Mr. Doyle. OK.    That is all the questions I have, Mr. Chairman. Thanks.