    Mr. Walker. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Last November, Mr. Harris, I believe we had a conversation and I asked you regarding remote access management and the two-factor authentication at the Department. And this is an important point for me, I guess for all of us, because this is the first time this has happened. Remember, it was a failure in access management that contributed to the data breach over at     It is especially troubling, given the Department's failure over the summer during the cyber sprint. And I am going to come back to the cyber sprint in just a few minutes, but I want to stay on this two-factor authentication. Mr. Harris, you told me during my previous question back in November that the Department has 100 percent implemented two-factor authentication, and that the financial system audits would be also at 100 percent by December.    However, according to the inspector general--and this is from the FISMA audit of 2014, end of year, it says, ``In some instances, although the Department said it completed a recommendation, we continue to find that the corrective actions were not implemented.'' Do you or disagree with that finding?    Mr. Walker. So what you testified to me in November you are basically saying today was not accurate or was not true?    Mr. Walker. Well, what was your understanding based on?    Mr. Walker. So this is the staff's fault? It wasn't yours? You were just going off what the staff told you? So what you said in November is not true but what you are testifying today is?    Mr. Walker. Okay. Well, I am glad to hear that part. What about the contractors that we are dealing with? Are you sitting here testifying under oath today--as I look through these contractors--that every one of these contractors are also operating under a two-factor authentication? Are you saying that is the case as well?    Mr. Walker. So when ----    Mr. Walker. You also said the Department's two-factor authentication is at level 4 in terms of the level of assurance according to the NIST authentication guidelines. Is that correct?    Mr. Walker. Okay.    Mr. Walker. So if that is the case then, then you are not employing two-factor authentication but the Department is also employing the highest level of assurance for 100 percent of all its users? That is the goal right here ----    Mr. Walker. But why didn't you do that earlier then?    Mr. Walker. Well, it appears to us that it is only when the light is shone on the deficiencies or you start bringing these grades of concurrent F's that you are willing to do something. Mr. King, you are fidgeting over there like you are wanting to jump in. What do you have to say on this?    Mr. Walker. Yes, you have been conveying and almost to me like you are trying to cover here. I think the Congresswoman from D.C., Ms. Norton, really brought it to a point here saying there is no consequences for the actions. The people get scored. Your grade didn't change at all. You are still getting high marks. And the irony of this is this is education, so what in the world are we teaching our children? There are no consequences for their actions? Mr. King, today, you are still defending the actions like this is no big deal. I don't understand that.    I want to ask you right now--I want to come back to this. Under oath, are you still saying to me and to this panel and to the American people that you do not believe that any standard of ethical conduct was breached? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Walker. That is what you said. Do you believe that today or not?    Mr. Walker. Do you believe that any ethical standard of conduct was breached or broken?    Mr. Walker. So let me ----    Mr. Walker. You sit here today and you blame it on your general counsel and lawyers for not taking a position of leadership and holding the people accountable.    Mr. Walker. Do you understand why the American people are frustrated with this?    Mr. Walker. You took it very serious. What actions did you take ----    Mr. Walker. My time is expired. I am sorry.    Mr. Walker. I have to yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.