    Mr. McClintock. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. McCarthy, the EPA posted videos to its Web site taken by on-site contractors at the spill emerging out of the mine as it happened. I think we saw a clip of that earlier.    On September 9, EPA Assistant Administrator Mathy Stanislaus testified before the House Science Committee on these videos, and I think we have a clip of that testimony.    Mr. McClintock. I am going to ask they stop it here. Obviously, the tape was heavily edited. This was a week ago, when your agency was giving misinformation to the Congress.    You have had a week, and I am going to ask you again. Is this editing and concealing of videos EPA's idea of transparency and accountability?    Mr. McClintock. You understand the concern here.    Mr. McClintock. There are two, basically. One is the fundamental competence of the EPA, and I think that speaks for itself in this incident. The other is the double standard that seems to be at work here.    You testified earlier in this hearing that you are not required to consult with the National Fish and Wildlife Service, because you did not intend to cause the spill. Well, the Chairman pointed out there is a company that accidentally spilled 7,500 gallons--one-fourth of 1 percent of what the EPA spilled, and you went after those people viciously and got six criminal indictments. You are sending people to jail over that.    Some other poor guy in Alaska operating a backhoe accidentally causes a 1,500-gallon spill. That is five-hundredths of 1 percent of the spill that EPA, and you sent him to prison.    No criminal charges are being filed against EPA officials, are there?    Mr. McClintock. Well, you understand the skepticism of the Agency investigating itself.    Mr. McClintock. You say you are holding yourselves accountable, that you are going to take full responsibility. Does that mean that you are resigning?    Mr. McClintock. Well, have you asked----    Mr. McClintock. Have you asked any of your subordinates to resign?    Mr. McClintock. Have you docked anybody's pay?    Mr. McClintock. Have you yelled at anybody?    Mr. McClintock. Have you----    Mr. McClintock. One more question. There was a blog entry reporting on this, pointing out that after the initial spill things went from bad to worse for those relying on the river.    For example, Navajo farmers, unable to use water from the river, were provided with emergency water reserves from the EPA. Unfortunately, this water was contaminated, too, prompting another attempted EPA cover-up. According to The Guardian, EPA officials originally told Navajo leaders the individual reporting the contamination was ``unstable,'' and deliberately ``agitating'' in an attempt to undermine the Agency. The Navajo leader took the EPA at its word, at least until he observed the pollution for himself. Is this true?    Mr. McClintock. Yes.