    Mr. Houlemard. Chairman Shimkus, Ranking Member Tonko, all distinguished members of the subcommittee, I want to just thank you for that acknowledgement of how great Monterey is, but it is no better than Rantoul in Illinois.    I would also like to note that, as the executive officer at the Fort Ord Reuse Authority, I have spent quite a bit of my last 20 years spending many hours back here in Washington, D.C., representing communities across the Nation. So I want to thank the committee for its decision that it would include communities as part of the testimony on this very important committee.    I am honored to have spent those last 25 years of my career serving military communities. I served some of that time working with the Association of Defense Communities that has a Defense Communities Caucus support effort. And I know that it is important for all of you to recognize that the communities that have served this Nation by supporting military services have done it in a way that helps the Department of Defense increase its mission-effectiveness.    I also want to take the time to acknowledge our colleagues in U.S. EPA that are tasked with the regulatory oversight that is required to address the many environmental conditions between military communities and their adjacent communities, whether they be active installations or closing or closed installations.    Today I want to focus my comments on the Superfund relationship with military services and defense communities, which is at least an uphill battle given the limited resources and the potential for hazards, both recognized and emerging, to be present.    I also, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee, assert that our defense in part relies on how DOD addresses the sensitive mix of downsizing and the burden of excess infrastructure in the future and its relationship to the ongoing environmental hazards that remain in many of our military installations. Our communities suffer from the many technical, regulatory, processing, resource, and other delays that affect our ability to have access to property in a safe and reliable way.    And many communities across this Nation are provided partial or inadequate information about Federal or other agency contamination that will affect their exposure to potential catastrophic hazards. This is particularly acute with recent past property transfers from the Department of Defense to local communities after downsizing and closing former properties and then abandoning them to local jurisdictions.    Remedial actions are often governed under the resource application decisions by and within the primary polluter's oversight. Those decisions are often determined to be under the regulatory control of the Antideficiency Act, even when DOD has determined them to be exempt from such limitations. In those cases, communities have to wait for the annual funding process, which often causes significant delays in mobilizing and demobilizing. In our case, we are looking at the possibility of another 7 to 10 years before getting full access to the Fort Ord National Monument for an installation that was announced for closure 25 years ago.    Another item is, as a Superfund site due to subsurface remediation, we at the former Fort Ord are ineligible for funding resources and other support under brownfields that would greatly assist us in addressing these aboveground issues. We think that there is a conflict of the regulatory controls here and that Congress should look at that and understand the potential for helping communities. We now have projects that cannot survive even in the great Monterey Bay, with our underlying land value, because we are left with the burden of buildings that are contaminated, with considerable cost putting them under water economically.    Another critical item--and this is not brand-new; I guess you have heard this repeatedly--but the long-term stewardship of properties that is being transferred from Federal hands to local communities is critical. In many, if not nearly every case nationwide, Federal agencies are motivated to complete cleanups that enable property transfers in a way that reduces long-term Federal obligations. And while that may be a great goal for the Federal agencies, it is real important for the communities to be able to have an economic recovery, which demands access to property and ability to manage the long-term stewardship.    This is especially important that that long-term burden be provided in a way that is a part of a remedial action and assessed economically in the remedial action what is being left to local communities.    How such responsibility transference is assessed is crucial under CERCLA. This is especially key as the EPA addresses emerging contaminants such as PFCs that may exist on properties already transferred but yet there is no current way for the Federal agency to return to take care of those problems.    Five on my item list--I just finished the fourth--community voices are often not heard. It is my assertion that communities are often only provided the minimum opportunity to participate in the process, including CERCLA. Superfund regulatory requirements read like a checkoff list to meet certain public comment requirements, but those regulations fall woefully short of meeting the intent for engaging the community in the process.    A true engagement process goes well beyond these citizen participation minimums, community involvement review timelines, or news publication requirements to encourage--that would allow for encouraging active engagement in communities in the forms and methods that solicit input in the way that communities interact.    These technical assistance programs that are currently being funded must be proactive and not responsive to just those few communities that respond. Further, the EPA and other agencies need to help communities build capacity so that they strengthen their local knowledge base and that their comments are of value.    I assert that the community engagement process is a full-contact sport, and it has to be done in the full spectrum of what 21st-century communications are all about.    Ultimately, I would like to add that this is a resource issue, as well. And given the limits of certain Federal support, U.S. EPA must be given the combination of decisionmaking power that allows flexibility between programs and supplemental authority that allows for an increase in the interface with states and local communities.    This collaborative effort would greatly enhance our interactions over the serial reviews that we have today. In fact, we are under a process of collaboration that has been extremely effective at Fort Ord that brings all the parties to the table in a concurrent manner rather than in a serial fashion.    So I assert that we have learned quite a few things: that it is difficult for citizenry to get up to speed with this complex, sophisticated effort; and it is important that we have property transfer and project delivery delays that are collaborative and use 21st-century communications. I ask that we eliminate contravening regulatory issues through focused oversight. And that is essential to community understanding. That also leads to community voices being heard that may not be heard today.    And, finally, we must move to address the long-term stewardship issues that are current a major potential unfunded mandate to local communities and states.    Chairman Shimkus, thank you for the communities' having a voice here at the table.    Mr. Houlemard. Thank you, Chair. I concur with my colleagues.    I would add a quick note that the former Fort Ord, we had an experience that the United States Army, which serves as the president for the cleanup at the former Fort Ord--we elected to do our own cleanup under contract. And during the course of that process, we have attempted to be collaborative, but it breaks down at certain points.    The United States Army had a certain concern about what the language was going to look like that directly related to the return of the United States Army to cover under 120(h). EPA had a difficult language issue. It took over 18 months to get that resolved, and we wound up with delays. Similar things have happened in Kansas and in Texas on similar kind of, but different, issues that create the delays.    So I concur with my colleagues.    Mr. Houlemard. Yes, I would. I think the collaborative process is going to serve us all a lot better. In the case where we have--our experiences, the collaborative process treats the remediation as what is most effective rather than what is most cost-effective.    Mr. Houlemard. Well, yes, Ranking Member Tonko, I would agree that there has been a lot of progress made, but then there is still so much more to do. We still have 8,000 acres of property that we are seeking access at the former Fort Ord, and I could describe another dozen cases where access to property is crucial to their economic recovery.    Mr. Houlemard. Yes, I would give as examples McClellan Air Force Base in California; McClellan Army in Anniston, Alabama; and the Fort Ord Reuse Authority, where we as communities chose to collaborate with military services and the regulatory agencies to undertake a portion of our own cleanup and to make sure that we understood how it was happening, under effective cost working relationships, using private-sector companies to make sure that happened, with an insurance company that would assist us, and using collaborative processes. That worked for us, and we suggest that that is a formula that works many other places.    Mr. Houlemard. Thank you, sir.    I would like to first address the second one. As we have been able to get access to the property at the former Fort Ord and the economics in our region have changed in the last several years, we have seen a boost in our activities, including the fact that, at the current time, we have about a billion dollars of construction underway, with new hotels, new residential, and many other activities. Getting access to the property is crucial. We had funding early that enabled us to get access to those properties.    On the other side, we have not been able to get access fully to all of the properties on the former Fort Ord because of annual funding restrictions under the Antideficiency Act. While that means annually Congress has to approve, I know that DOD sometimes is able to overcome that because there is a DOD allowance that requires or allows multiyear funding. When you can use that kind of funding, you don't have to lose the time in mobilization and demobilization that we have lost every single year in creating new contracts, going through the USACE, United States Army Corps of Engineers, to be able to do that oversight.    That saves time in processing, it saves time in mobilization and demobilization, and gets the properties cleaned quicker.    Mr. Houlemard. Yes. In the case of the former Fort Ord, fence line to fence line, we are Superfund under CERCLA for reasons having to do with groundwater contamination. The United States Army has a process that they are undertaking to remove the groundwater problem. It still has 15 years to go before it is going to be complete, maybe more. As a consequence, brownfields funding to support our efforts above ground are--we are not eligible because we are fence-line-to-fence-line Superfund.    And so that is the way that the legislationhas been written. We have asked U.S. EPA about this issue in the past. They themselves recognize that there is a little bit of a conflict because our other environmental concerns of asbestos, lead, PCBs, and other things that are left to us by the United States Army cost significant amounts of dollars to remove.    In fact, California State University, Monterey Bay, is spending $30 million just to remove buildings over the coming years. We have already spent $45 million just to remove buildings, and we don't have any kind of assistance or brownfields program that can help us with that kind of problem.    Mr. Houlemard. I am not aware of the circumstances, sir, but I would always encourage the EPA and all Federal agencies to engage in a very active way with the local community, and the same would be for this case.