    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate that opportunity.    I am very pleased to introduce Delegate Israel O'Quinn. Israel has been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates formerly know as the House of Burgesses many, many decades ago, and he has been there since 2011. He in his legislative capacity serves on the Committee of Commerce and Labor, which is much akin to Energy and Commerce, Privileges and Elections, as well as Militia, Police, and Public Safety. He is a member of the legislative Coal and Energy Commission, and serves on the board of directors for the Virginia Public Safety Foundation.    He is here today, as a citizen legislator should be, not in his role as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, but in his role as an employee of K-VA-T food stores. That is known as the Food City supermarket chain, and as you might gather from the K-VA-T name, they do business in Kentucky, Virginia, and Tennessee.    And he is here to talk about, of course, menu labeling as it impacts the grocery business. But probably most importantly that I shouldn't leave out is that Israel also attended a fine institution of higher learning when he went to college at Emory & Henry College, which is also my alma mater. So it is very, very great that you allowed me to introduce my old friend Israel O'Quinn to the members of the committee.    Thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Griffith. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Again, great to see you, Delegate O'Quinn. Appreciate you coming to Capitol Hill to bring us some wisdom from southwest Virginia up here. Is there anything that you wanted to talk about that you haven't had an opportunity to talk about?    Mr. Griffith. And you are not talking about the hearing, you are talking about this----    Mr. Griffith. Thank you.    Mr. Griffith. Well, thank you very much for being here. I will ask both you and Ms. Liddle, the concerns about, we have heard both today the concerns about somebody being charged with a felony, I guess Ms. Hubbard, as well. And one of the things you said, Ms. Liddle, was that as currently written.    Now, intent is a good thing. But as a lawmaker for a number of years, only a few years here but a long time in the Virginia legislature, if you don't make it clear, somebody will misinterpret the intent. And while the intent may be not to charge your worker with a felony because they get a little excited with the cheese on the pizza or something where they don't follow the exact recipe, you have said the way it is currently written they could be charged. Is it a problem of the difference between the actual wording of the statute and the intent? Or do you all just disagree completely----    Mr. Griffith. So you might like to see some words like intentionally and repetitively or a pattern of intentional behavior?    Mr. Griffith. Well and I appreciate that. And I would probably have some more questions for you. But the votes are on the floor. And I know the chairman has been very patient to let me have this time. I thank each and every one of you for testifying. And I hope we can straighten this out. I yield back.