    Mr. Shimkus. It is 9:00. We want to start promptly. There is going to be votes sometime early this morning, and we want to get the opening statements through and encourage members to get back afterwards to follow up with questions. I will recognize myself for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Thank you all for coming to this morning's hearing to receive an update on the status of and outlook for progress on America's nuclear waste management policy. Let me state at the outset that issue of the Nation's nuclear waste management policy is not a partisan issue. The House of Representatives has repeatedly supported Yucca Mountain in an overwhelming and bipartisan manner. Last summer, efforts to abandoned Yucca Mountain were defeated on the House floor with the body voting 4 to 1 in favor of Yucca Mountain. This includes nearly two-thirds of the Chamber's Democrats.    In April, I once again led a bipartisan group of members to see Yucca Mountain site firsthand. The site is an invaluable national asset isolated in the Nevada desert, removed from all population centers, and co-located with the Nevada National Security Site.    Since my previous visit in 2011, the landscape has notably advanced to support the development of a permanent repository. In 2013, the D.C. Court of Appeals ruled that Nuclear Regulatory Commission must continue its review of the Yucca Mountain license application. The court issued a writ of mandamus, a very consequential legal action, and declared it was illegal for the NRC to stop consideration of the license. As a result of this decision, the NRC resumed the scientific and technical evaluation of the license known as the Safety and Evaluation Report, or SER. The SER looked at a plethora of potential natural and manmade scenarios which could affect the performance of the facility. In January of this year, the NRC released the fifth and final volume of the SER. The NRC staff determined the facility could meet all safety regulations including that it could safely serve as a repository for up to a million years. Meanwhile, the costs of inaction and delay continue to mount. The courts ruled the Department of Energy's dismantling of the Yucca Mountain project no longer constitute a permanent disposal program. Therefore, the Federal Government could no longer collect the nuclear waste fee, a surcharge paid by consumers of nuclear-generated electricity.    While the fee is no longer being actively collected, the Treasury Department still maintains a balance of nearly $33 billion in ratepayer money to license, construct, and operate Yucca Mountain. But it isn't just ratepayers who are paying for the consequences of the delay. All American taxpayers, regardless of whether they benefit from commercial nuclear power, are footing the legal bill, and the bill isn't cheap. Last year, the Department of Justice account that pays damages on behalf of the Federal Government, known as the Judgment Fund, paid out over $900 million in settlements as a consequence of our inability to move forward with Yucca. This accounted for nearly a third of all Federal Government legal fees.    We in the Federal Government have an obligation to uphold the law, to dispose of commercial spent nuclear fuel, as well as honor the commitment made to states who host sites to support our nuclear defense activities, including South Carolina, Idaho, and Washington State. Congress needs a willing partner to host a nuclear disposal facility as we currently have with the sites that contributed to the Manhattan Project. I am committed to working with the State and local stakeholders in Nevada, who will engage in a constructive conversation to resolve the current impasse.    Just saying no is not an option. As part of this process, we will look for areas of agreement such as facilitating a benefits package for communities to provide long-term budget stability, strengthen the State's education fund, and identify associated transportation infrastructure benefits. As a host state of a Nevada National Security Site, however, Nevada already is a constructive partner with the Federal Government to protect our National interests. This, by the way, includes storing radioactive waste onsite today.    I look forward to hearing from a broad group of stakeholders today who will highlight the need to finish a repository, as the House Representative supports, as the courts direct, and as the American people deserve.    Thank you, and I now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Tonko, for his opening statement.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time. Anyone seeking time on the majority side?    Seeing none, the chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    Before we begin with the opening statements of our guests, I want to just point out that joining us is Congressman Dan Newhouse, a Member from Washington State, who has the honor and the challenge of representing the Hanford DOE site, which I think shows our common interest in moving forward on this.    Thank you for joining us.    I am going to move rapidly so we can get all our process through and hopefully have people return after they call votes.    So first at the panel and will be recognized for 5 minutes, Mr. Andrew Fitz, senior counsel, Office of the Attorney General, State of Washington.    Your full statement has submitted for the record.    You have 5 minutes, sir.    Pull that mic a little bit closer if you can. Move your name tag and then make sure the button is pressed on.    Mr. Shimkus. I appreciate it. I know you have traveled long distances and a lot, and I want to make sure you got your full statement in. But we are trying to keep quick.    I would now like to recognize Ms. Josephine Piccone, Director of Yucca Mountain Directorate from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission.    You are welcome, and you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Next, we have the Honorable Greg R. White, Commissioner of Michigan Public Service Commission, on behalf of the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Nuclear Issues and Waste Disposal. He has appeared here numerous times.    You are recognized for 5 minutes, and thanks for coming.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Next, we will recognize Mr. Stephen Kuczynski, chairman, president, and chief executive officer of the Southern Nuclear Operating Company.    You are recognized for 5 minutes, and welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you.    Next I would like to recognize Mr. Geoffrey Fettus, Senior Attorney from the Natural Resources Defense Council.    You are recognized for 5 minutes, and welcome.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you, Ms. Piccone.    Mr. Shimkus. But having the appropriated money, the NRC would finish the application process.    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. White.    Mr. Shimkus. That is good enough for me.    Mr. Kuczynski.    Mr. Shimkus. Mr. Fettus.    Mr. Shimkus. So you don't believe that if there is appropriated money, that the Federal Government should not follow the law? You are testifying right now that we should not follow the law?    Mr. Shimkus. I am going to go--Mr. Ronningen. I am reclaiming my time. Mr. Ronningen.    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Mr. Fitz, your testimony provided an excellent description of the D.C. Court of Appeals ruling on the Aiken County case. If Congress provides additional funding to DOE and the NRC to complete the Yucca Mountain license, as the House of Representatives passed recently, would the writ of mandamus extend to the new funding and require action on the license?    Mr. Shimkus. They are obliged to complete the process. That is what you are testifying?    Mr. Shimkus. And I think, following the previous testimony, both then Secretary Chu and Secretary Moniz, have both testified, given that scenario, they would be mandated to comply. And we have the records to support that statement.    Mr. Kuczynski, your testimony discusses possible support for increased incentives for the State of Nevada. Would you please describe what sort of incentives could be included for a community?    Mr. Shimkus. What could some of those be?    Mr. Shimkus. Commissioner White, do you agree that we should and could support these types of incentives?    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much.    Based upon time, I am going to yield back and recognize my Ranking Member, Mr. Tonko, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Harper from Mississippi for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Shimkus. Gentleman yields back his time. We think we have got--with the votes that are just called--we think we have got 15 or 20 minutes left. We will try to quickly get to everybody. And then we will decide how to deal with the panel.    The chair recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. McNerney, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Jerry, pull your mic up to you so that people----    Mr. Shimkus. Thank you very much for yielding back.    The chair now recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky, Mr. Whitfield, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Shimkus. Ed, make sure you talk loud. I don't think your microphone is working anymore. And I think we have lost them on the panel except for the chairman. I wonder how that happened.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    The chair now recognizes--and we are fine on time, Gene--5 minutes for questions. And if you want to come down here and use this mic, you can.    Mr. Shimkus. Now it is working.    Mr. Shimkus. The gentleman yields back his time.    We have 45 seconds before the votes are closed on the floor. I really want to appreciate and thank my colleagues for being really precise and attempting to be to the point.    After consultation with the minority, we have agreed to adjourn in a minute. So we won't come back for additional questions. We want to thank you for your testimony.    I want to remind you that the hearing record is open for 10 business days, so you may get questions submitted for the record. If you would then reply to us in that case, we would appreciate it.    With that, again, thank you very much. And the hearing is adjourned.