    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    The Deepwater Horizon catastrophe was a topic that we didn't get a chance to discuss very often in the previous Congress, so I appreciate your willingness to open this conversation back up on the fifth anniversary of the spill.    Unfortunately, the title of this hearing, and the testimony of some of today's witnesses makes me feel like it is a big pat-on-the-back session, rather than real oversight. We have three industry witnesses here to tell us what a great job industry has done, one agency witness to tell us what a great job the agency has done, and one witness to tell us about the impacts of the greatest environmental disaster in our country's history.    If we really want to look at whether the industry is safer, we would invite the families of the aforementioned 11 workers who perished aboard that rig, or the families of the 12 offshore workers who have been killed by offshore accidents since Deepwater Horizon. We would invite the oystermen who have seen their harvests decline by two-thirds since the spill. We would invite the fishermen who are still pulling up red snapper with skin lesions, and shrimp with no eyes. We would invite the hotel and restaurant owners who still find massive tar mats on the beaches, and who are more vulnerable to floods and hurricanes after years of barrier islands shrinking. We would invite the people suffering health impacts from the persistent oil that keeps appearing in their waterways and on their shores.    I don't doubt there have been some improvements in the past 5 years. But we need to ask ourselves how prepared are we for the next human error or the next failed piece of machinery, not just how hard we are working to prevent Deepwater Horizon from repeating itself. We shouldn't be lulled into a false sense of security. There were 40 relatively quiet years after our first major offshore blowout. We were assured that this showed how safe everything was. So, 5 years without a blowout isn't the end of the story. It certainly doesn't convince me that we should allow offshore drilling in the Arctic or in the Atlantic. We should not be playing Russian roulette with our environment and coastal tourism economies.    And where drilling is occurring, there is a lot more that we can do. While industry and the Interior Department may be patting themselves on the back, Congress should be working overtime to make up for its failure to act after the Deepwater Horizon disaster. That failure is not something we should be proud of. We need to raise the liability limit for oil spills and enact tough penalties for offshore safety and environmental violations.    Unfortunately, industry will always have an incentive to cut corners and expand into more hostile environments, and the efforts of regulators will always be uneven. I do not believe that offshore drilling will ever be safe enough to rest on our laurels. The Majority might want this hearing to be the last chapter in this saga; if we are not careful, it could just be a prelude.    We should be moving toward renewable, carbon-free technologies like solar, geothermal, and offshore wind. Unfortunately, this is not the direction we seem to be going. Hopefully, there will be time to change before the next great offshore disaster occurs.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, thank you, and I yield back.    Mr. Grijalva. I would defer to the----    The Chairman. Ms. Tsongas, defer to you for the questions.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you very much. And thank you, Director, for being here.    A quick question. So in that interim 5 years, much of the discussion that we have had at this committee level has been about opening up new areas--Arctic, Atlantic--the issue of increasing the number of leases, processing that. Spent a lot of time on the 5-month time-out and what the motivation behind that really was. But the issue of safety, which we are dealing with to some extent today, and the issue of accountability haven't been the top point of discussion. Had to do with the Administration, primarily, how to embarrass that administration. And long after that 5-month time-out, we still kept talking about that subject.    But I want to ask you. The companies in the interim still enjoy an extremely low oil spill liability limit. They face minimal negligible fines for violating regulations. And I know that Interior has done what it can to account for inflation. But let me ask you, as then-Secretary Salazar testified in 2011, the issue of civil and criminal penalties increasing the issue of raising the liability limits, and the consequential fines of violations of regulation all being something that he felt was very important in the comprehensive look at safety and accountability. How do you feel about that?    Mr. Grijalva. And that fresh look can only be accomplished by Congress at that point.    Mr. Grijalva. I think the Secretary talked about that not only as a preventative tool, but also as a deterrent. So I appreciate your answer, and I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. Director, let me ask you a couple of questions. If I could follow up on what Mrs. Torres started with you, in your testimony you did say that your skill in staffing gaps at the agency are significant, they are crucial for you in being effective in your mission. GAO reports said that your attrition rate is about double that of the typical average agency. Why is that double?    Mr. Grijalva. No.    The Chairman. Director, we appreciate your time and your patience to be with us here. I thank you for coming.    Under our rules, there may be other questions that other Members who may or may not be here have of you. The rule asks that our hearing record stay open for 10 days for responses. We would appreciate it if you would be responsive to any other questions that we may send to you.    With that, once again we thank you for joining us. And we would like to call up the second panel, which includes Ms. Holly Hopkins, who is a Senior Policy Advisor for Upstream and American Petroleum Institute; Charlie Williams, who is the Executive Director of the Center for Offshore Safety; Mr. David Coatney, who is the Managing Director of HWCG; and Dr. Steven Murawski, who is a professor at the University of Southern Florida.    And if you could join us, I would appreciate that, as well.    The Chairman. We thank you for coming the great distances that you have come, and also for your patience with us so far.    I have to remind the witnesses--same rule as was applied earlier--your oral statements are limited to 5 minutes, but your entire statement here is on the record.    And, once again, you have the clock in front of you. When it hits red, that means the 5 minutes have elapsed, and I would like you to end at that time.    I can give you just a second to get prepared. Ms. Hopkins, are you ready to go? All right, let's start with you, and I will recognize you for your 5-minute testimony.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you very much. And if I may, Mr. Williams, what percentage of the industry belongs to your organization?    Mr. Grijalva. If you were to give me a percentage, what would it be?    Mr. Grijalva. It is my understanding that maybe 55 percent of those operating companies covering 55 percent of the Gulf leases are members, which is part of the point of discussion today.    Did the company that caused the explosion, are they a member of your organization?    Mr. Grijalva. OK.    Mr. Grijalva. Yes, Hercules.    Mr. Grijalva. And let me follow up with one other question.    Mr. Williams, you, in your testimony, and this is just because Ms. Hopkins talked about predictability, in terms of regulations. You mentioned in your testimony that the Center for Offshore Safety certified SEMS programs for drilling contractors, as well. Currently, SEMS regulations do not apply to contractors. But, given your certification program, do you believe it would be appropriate for BSEE to extend SEMS regulation to those contractors, as well, and make it part of the package?    Mr. Grijalva. So it shouldn't be a requirement on the part of the agency.    Mr. Grijalva. I was just pointing to uniformity and predictability. That is why I asked the question.    Ms. Hopkins, the former commissioners of the President's Oil Spill Commission, that commission on the Deepwater Horizon have stated repeatedly they believe that the Center for Offshore Safety needs to be fully independent, a fully independent organization. But it is still part, as I understand it, of the American Petroleum Institute. Are there any plans to make the Center independent, that was recommended by the Commission?    Mr. Grijalva. Should it be independent or not, if I may, because I am running out of time, and I need to interrupt you. Do you feel it should be an independent agency, separate from the Institute?    Mr. Grijalva. So it doesn't need to be.    Mr. Grijalva. I would take that as no, it doesn't need to be.    The last question, Ms. Hopkins, is to what extent does the institute use independent science? By that I mean science that the industry isn't funding itself, science that would help determine the impacts from oil spill response methods, particularly the use of dispersants on the scale that we saw during the Deepwater Horizon response.    Any comment or thought on the point and the question I just asked?    Mr. Grijalva. Independent, having independent science make the analysis and make the studies. I was thinking in particular of dispersants that were used throughout the Deepwater Horizon cleanup.    Mr. Grijalva. Has any thought--any thought, in terms of the Institute, utilizing----    Mr. Grijalva . Independent parties to do that?    Mr. Grijalva. Excuse me, Doctor, following up on some of the questions that were being asked by Mrs. Capps, during the BP spill, emergency responders--and I was asking about that earlier--used an unprecedented amount of dispersant to keep the massive oil slicks from forming and then going to the surface and coming ashore. We know these chemicals made the oil less visible, but it didn't make it go away, it didn't make it disappear.    The questions I have--where is this dispersed oil? And what effect is it having on the marine environment? That is number one.    Do we know what the effect of these chemicals, these dispersants are, what the impacts are, long-term? And do we not know? And do you think it is wise for oil companies to assume that dispersants are the answer to mitigating the damage from an oil spill?    Mr. Grijalva. Let me follow up on that. I think a study published in February, where massive spill deposits had been recovered, that between 6 and 10 million gallons of BP oil remains in the floor of the Gulf, or just beneath the surface of the lands and the waters around the Gulf Coast. What does that mean for future cleanup, and what does that mean for future restoration efforts?    Mr. Grijalva. No.    The Chairman. Does anyone else have other questions for this final round?    The Chairman. Then, if not, do you want a couple more seconds to finish the answer?    Mr. Grijalva. Yes, the----    The Chairman. Finish that one.    Mr. Grijalva. On the lands--if I may, Doctor, the lands and the shores, what does that do to cleanup and restoration efforts?    Mr. Grijalva. OK.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you.    The Chairman. All right. I have two more questions for Mr. Williams and Mr. Murawski. Let me go to him first, and then I will come back to the original one. And I have an additional one for you, as well.    Mr. Murawski, you wrote an editorial--I think it appeared on Friday--talking about, and you mentioned part of it here about the baseline, but also the paying for studies that are proposed, and that you proposed that the industry should pay for those studies as they go on.    What about people--about things like stormwater, agricultural/industrial run-off, excess development, overfishing, the dead zone, municipal/industrial discharges that have some kind of impact? Do they get a free pass, and only the deep pockets of the industry are the ones that should pay for this?