    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate your leadership in this most disturbing situation we find ourselves in.    Mr. Roth, I read your report, and I appreciate it very much, but there were several things in your report that were very disturbing to me, very disturbing.    First of all, it is my understanding that security credentials are being given to individuals regardless of their work or authorization dates. Is that correct?    Mr. Carter. So what you are telling me is that we might have people, and we may have people, we probably do have people, who are walking around unescorted in our airports and security areas who are here illegally?    Mr. Carter. You know, certainly--certainly, we have these people's Social Security number, correct?    Mr. Carter. Certainly, we have these people's Social Security number? We have that?    Mr. Carter. Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We do not. So you are telling me we have got people walking around unescorted in secure areas in our airports, and we don't even have their Social Security number?    Mr. Carter. Holy cow.    Ms. Fitzmaurice, the report in the inspector general's investigation found that we had thousands of incomplete, or inaccurate applications and biographical information.    Can I ask you, Ms. Fitzmaurice--and if you will bear with me, please--can you give me the first initial of your first name?    Mr. Carter. S? Now I have got 3 minutes left to ask questions here. Do you think I can guess your first name in that 3 minutes? My point is simply this: We have applications that only have the first initial of the first name?    Mr. Carter. Does that scare you?    Mr. Carter. I appreciate that, Ms. Fitzmaurice. I really do. Look, I am from Georgia. I travel at least once, usually twice, through the busiest airport in the world, through Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport. To think that we may have people walking around in that airport who we don't even know what their name is. We don't have their Social Security number. I mean, isn't that something--look, I am okay. You know, I am pretty confident I can take care of myself to a certain extent. But my son's coming up later today. I want to make daggone sure he is okay. My younger son's coming up today, my middle son's coming up tomorrow. Isn't this something that should be taken care of immediately? Immediately?    Mr. Carter. I just can't believe that in the world's busiest airport, in Atlanta Hartsfield-Jackson Airport, that we could have people walking around unescorted in secure areas in that airport, who we don't know their Social Security number; we don't know their name, and that is something that we are sitting here talking about? You ought to be on the phone right now. Stop, we have got to figure this out.    I am appalled at this. Mr. Roth, I appreciate the efforts here, and I appreciate all the efforts of all of you, but we need to take care of this immediately.    Mr. Chairman, I yield.