    Mr. Inglis. Okay. Thank you, Chairman Thompson, Ranking Member Lujan Grisham, and the Members of the Committee. I am the Governmental Affairs Representative with Pheasants Forever and Quail Forever based out of St. Paul, Minnesota. I am a wildlife biologist by education and experience. I grew up on a dairy farm in Western New York, and I currently live in Upper Sandusky, Ohio.    I am here today representing our 750 community-based Pheasants Forever and Quail Forever chapters, and 142,000 members and volunteers that work every day to promote and implement conservation programs. To compliment the work of our dedicated volunteers, we have a team of Farm Bill Biologists that work as natural resource professionals that have expertise in wildlife biology, forestry and range management. They work with landowners to find the best voluntary conservation solutions that fit the needs as part of their agriculture operations and their personal goals.    Over the last 12 years, these Farm Bill Biologists have worked with landowners in over 148,000 projects covering 5.1 million acres. These projects involve the establishment of quality conservation practices that improve soil health, water quality, and provide habitat benefits to a wide variety of wildlife, not only pheasants and quail but other species such as the Golden-winged warbler in Pennsylvania, Lesser Prairie chicken in the Southern Great Plains, Elk and Sage Grouse in the West, and honey bees and Monarch butterflies throughout our great country.    In addition, all Americans benefit from these conservation practices that improve the soil health, water quality and quantity. We are here today to discuss conservation program implementation, and I would like to spend a few minutes to highlight a couple of them. First of all, I would like to highlight the Conservation Reserve Program that we have heard quite a bit about here this morning. CRP celebrates its 30th anniversary this year. Farmers, ranchers, landowners, and sportsmen will tell you that the program has been and continues to be very popular and productive.    We support CRP's ability to deliver a variety of conservation practices to landowners that address landscape-scale wildlife and natural resource concerns. This would include options to sign up conservation practices during a general CRP sign-up period but also having more targeted practices that are available through the year.    We supported Secretary Vilsack's recent announcement that USDA will host a general signup at the end of this calendar year, as well as adding 800,000 additional continuous acres. We are thankful to have the opportunity to work with USDA to make improvements to CRP to better carry out the intent of Congress by providing conservation benefits for taxpayers as well as the technical and financial resources for landowners and farmers.    Included in my written testimony are details on the CRP implementation recommendations that several sportsmen and wildlife groups recently drafted for USDA and FSA leadership at their request.    I would also like to highlight the Regional Conservation Partnership Program. We are one of 22 partners in the regional grassland, bird and grazing land enhancement project being coordinated by the Missouri Department of Conservation and implemented in four states: Missouri, Iowa, Nebraska, and Kansas. The partnership utilizes NRCS' Environmental Quality Incentives Program and agricultural land easement funds to improve forage quality on grazing lands while benefiting Bobwhite quail, and the Greater Prairie chicken, and numerous other grassland wildlife.    Ultimately, we are enhancing these working land grazing systems making them more productive and more resilient to periods of drought. Preliminary signup results, just in the last couple of weeks, suggest that there is going to be more interest from landowners than funds available. One of our organization's top priorities, along with many of our partners, are to maximize the wildlife benefit, soil health, and water quality on as many acres of farms, fields, ranches, forestlands as possible.    For example, this would include considering individual species' lifecycle needs in the design of conservation plans, such as addressing limiting factors of pollinators in that area. This could also be accomplished by something as simple as using updated seeding specifications and management techniques that would establish and maintain a diversity of vegetative cover but also addresses soil, water, and wildlife concerns.    CRP Mid Contract Management is another great example of having tools available to maximize the benefit to the program throughout the length of the contract.    I need to emphasize that these successes would not be possible without the numerous partnerships that we have across the country, especially with the Natural Resources Conservation Service, Farm Service Agency, and the state fish and wildlife agencies. There are hundreds of partnerships at the state and local levels around the country that leverage the Federal funds for the implementation of the individual conservation programs and practices and for the boots on the ground to deliver them.    Mr. Chairman, in closing, we often hear the term ``precision agriculture'' is going to be the way of future, and with the technology and partnerships we have available across this great country, we can also have precision conservation. The voluntary incentive-based conservation programs in the farm bill clearly give us the tools to accomplish that. I thank you for the opportunity to be here, and I look forward to any questions.    Mr. Inglis. Sure. We have been involved in trying to make as many acres of grassland as productive as possible, so we like to say what makes good pollinator habitat is going to make good nesting habitat, is going to help benefit soil health and water quality, so we have been involved in that for several years.    Some of the most recent projects we have been involved with is the Honey Bee and Monarch Partnerships in some areas of the country, and we are really putting some resources towards that to try to educate, whether it is landowners, farmers, and ranchers that this is an opportunity, and it might not be the best fit for their operation, but we want to make sure that they have the tools available to be able to address those.    As far as making them a little bit better, it is the education piece. We heard some concerns this morning that maybe the pollinator practices aren't going as well, and some of that can come back to updated seeding specifications and updating the technical methods to establish those. It is maybe a little bit different to establish, so we are all engaged in trying to make that process as easy as possible.    The Chairman. Thank you. Mr. Van Dyke, in your testimony you mention that conservation districts will play an important role in the implementation of linking conservation compliance with crop insurance. Today, what types of activities has the NACD engaged in to do this, and especially important for specialty crop producers who for the first time are subject to conservation compliance, was your organization or the members of the organization or conservation districts, both, certainly the volunteers, many volunteers who are involved and are professionals who are there, were they able to--did they participate in any outreach to educate these producers about filling out the AD-1026. Are we doing any current outreach to see if we missed some folks, some people that are going to get a really bad surprise when the bill comes in October?