    Mr. Carter. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank all of you for being here. This is obviously a very important subject to us. I am glad to see you all because I have some important questions I want to ask you.    I have the honor and privilege of representing the First Congressional District of Georgia. That includes the entire coast of Georgia. Georgia is unique in the sense that we have a lot of small airports, a lot of rural areas. We also, as you know, have Hartsfield-Jackson Airport, which is the busiest airport in the country, in the world. That presents a dilemma. But I want to ask you some questions about that, and I am very interested to know your responses to this.    What we have been hearing and what I have been hearing from a lot of the airport officials is that there exists somewhat of a disconnect between the local TSA officials, the airlines, the airport officials, and then upper management, that management in TSA up here in Washington, DC, if you will. Have any of you experienced that? Can you comment on that? Ms. Allin or whoever wants to comment. Just very quickly, because I have a bunch here.    Mr. Carter. Okay.    Anyone else?    Mr. Carter. Okay. Great.    Let me ask you, has anyone had any experience with private security? Any of you who have had that experience?    Mr. Carter. I am sorry. Say again?    Mr. Carter. Can you give me your impression? I mean, what have been the results?    Mr. Carter. Okay, I hope that my colleagues heard that. They have to follow the same rules and regulations.    Mr. Carter. The training is the same. Everything is the same. TSA oversees it, correct, oversees it?    Mr. Carter. All right. I am sorry. Continue.    Mr. Carter. Okay.    The Screening Partnership Program. Mr. Cox, I am going to ask you directly, can you give me an idea of why, it appears to me and from what I have heard, that they do a better job and that they save money on top of that? You had any experience with this?    Mr. Carter. I understand and I appreciate what you are saying, but at the same time, I am convinced that the private industry can do this just as well with oversight with TSA and save money and improve customer service and decrease the long lines that we are experiencing at our airports. They go through the same training. The TSA still has the oversight, the responsibility.    I think it is unfair to compare what happened on 9/11 between privatization and being run by the public. I mean, that took us all. We were all asleep at the wheel then, you have to admit that.    Mr. Carter. Well, what I would like to see are some comparisons. I mean, this is something that is very important and if we can improve it--because you mentioned the disconnect--or I brought up the disconnect and you commented on the disconnect between Washington and the local officials. This is something that we have got to work on. This is what happens when the bureaucracy gets out of control. That is I think we are headed with and we are at right now with the TSA, is the bureaucracy out of control. We need to get it under control.    Mr. Chairman, I know I have gone past my time, but this is just a very important subject to me.    So I appreciate your input on that.    Mr. Cox, what you are telling me, I am having different views expressed to me by other people, so I am going to continue to search on this and continue to try to see what we can come up with.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back. Thank you.