    Mr. Gosar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, panel, for the report.    I want to quote a couple of snippets here--four snippets and kind of make a summary and then ask some questions for that, if that is OK.    The first one: ``The Secret Service is stretched too, and in many cases, beyond its limits. Special agents and uniform division personnel protecting the White House work an unsustainable number of hours.''    Second snippet: ``Rather than invest in systems to manage the organization more effectively and accurately predict its need, the Service simply adds more overtime for existing personnel.''    Third snippet: It goes on to say that, ``The Secret Service needs more agents and officers, even beyond the levels required to allow for in-service training. The President and other protectees cannot receive the best possible protection when agents and officers are deployed for longer and longer hours or fewer and fewer days off.''    Number 4: ``The Service has to increase the number of agents and, to an even greater extent, increase the size of the uniform division to ensure protection of the White House.''    Now, I understand uniform division officers told the panel that they do not know whether they are working 1 day to the next or if they are even required to work overtime. The staffing failures within the uniform division are so bad that the special agents are flown in from field offices around the country to detail them for week-long shifts to the White House, supplementing the uniform division due to the dramatic losses in staffing it has seen. These are agents--result in special agents who are unfamiliar with the White House complex being in charge or defending it.    So my question is: Given this report found that the special agents and uniform division officers work an unsustainable and unpredictable number of hours, what must the Service do better to manage that workload?    Mr. Gosar. And I know you can't go into certain technology. Being a business man, I mean, technology, I mean we can track patients going through a system, knowing exactly where they are every time, every point of the day. Is that something being entertained in regards to a work force for the Secret Service?    Mr. Gosar. And when you look at overall, you know, your evaluation, when you don't have systems to even evaluate, how hard was it even to come up with some of those recommendations? I mean you have to look back and look at your past to be able to go forward.    Mr. Gosar. I am going to end it with one last question. So we have a Commander in Chief, the head of all our military and stuff. It should be the highest honor to serve in that capacity to protect the President. So why wouldn't the requirements be the same for that detail for Secret Service as like, say, the Navy SEALs or the Rangers? I mean, it should be that protective an aspect, does it not? And the chart that went up there is disgraceful when we see that type of application not being the same type of application. Do you agree?    Mr. Gosar. I yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.