    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Saldana, do you have any idea how many convicted criminals have been arrested by ICE this year?    Mr. Hice. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Hice. I would appreciate that. Would you have any idea how many have been released this year?    Mr. Hice. I'm assuming, then, you don't have any projections this year from previous years?    Mr. Hice. For how many are going to be arrested, how many are going to be released.    Mr. Hice. Yes.    Mr. Hice. Okay. Well, based on the last couple of years, there's been over 50,00 released. So it would be my assumption, then, we will continue down that trend. Last time that we had, that you appeared here, I had spoken to the sheriff of Gwinnett County, Georgia, which is one of the top five counties in the country dealing with the problem of illegals being released in their county. I was told by the sheriff before coming in here that his department has had no communication whatsoever with Homeland Security or ICE before criminals have been released back into his county. We spoke about that, and you assured me that you would start informing local law enforcement agents when criminal aliens are released back into their communities. Is that system--and, in fairness, you said you didn't know when that would occur. My question is, is that system in place now?    Mr. Hice. Well, your comment to me was that your Department, your agency would be informing local law enforcement agents and departments when you release criminals back into their communities. And that is not in place still?    Mr. Hice. When is it going to be completed, I want to know next time I call one of my sheriffs, that they will be able to say to me that you contacted them, your Department contacted them when thieves, murderers, rapists, whatever, have been released back into their communities.    Mr. Hice. Okay. So you are saying to this committee that by the end of the year, every local law enforcement agent throughout the country will be notified before an illegal is released back into their community?    Mr. Hice. So local law enforcement will not be notified, the State will. So it will be left to the State to communicate it abroad?    Mr. Hice. Does ICE or any other agency in our government monitor the activities of criminals following their release?    Mr. Hice. This is an issue that I think people are sick and tired, Americans cannot fathom, cannot understand why illegal individuals in this country who are repeat offenders of crime are continually released back in their communities. They shouldn't be in the country the first place, let alone walking freely in our communities to the tunes of tens and tens and tens of thousands.    And, Mr. Chairman, I just express my great concern with this. And I yield my time.