    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Chairman. I appreciate all the witnesses and your testimony today. I think this topic is especially timely, given the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue that's taking place this week.    The trends that we've seen with respect to China enforcing its antitrust laws to advance its own industrial policies are troubling, to say the least. In fact, it's difficult to imagine China having a truly objective antitrust law when the very text of that law states that its purpose is to promote a socialist market economy.    But even more telling, I think, are the anecdotes that we see from American and European companies, which in some cases are, frankly, shocking. We've seen reports of intimidation tactics, bullying companies into accepting punishments without full hearings, and even in some cases, companies being told not to challenge their investigations or even bring their lawyers to some of the hearings.    You know, beyond the direct impact of China's behavior on American companies, I'm a little bit concerned that other rising economies out there will see China's behavior and perhaps follow suit. So the bottom line is, I think, that if China wants to be taken serious as a leading economy, then these issues need to be addressed or remediated.    Mr. Heather, I want to start with you. I appreciate you being here to testify today. I know this can be a sensitive issue within the U.S. business community and I know some folks may actually fear retaliation for speaking up and voicing their experiences. So I appreciate you being here to speak on behalf of U.S. companies.    Let me start with what I mentioned before, the U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue. What meetings and conversations do you hope that our Administration is initiating in that regard?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, I'm glad to hear your perspectives on that. Let me ask you this question, are there areas of the United States broader economic and commercial policy toward China that you think might be exacerbating some of the concerns that we're talking about today?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you.    I move on quickly with my remaining time to you, Commissioner Ohlhausen. In your testimony you talk about China's agencies pursuing noncompetition objectives through competition enforcement to promote certain industries or particular Chinese competitors. You also talk about the fact that the FTC is working with other agencies within our government to advance consistent cooperation enforcement policies.    I want to ask you in my remaining time, what is the interaction with the other agencies? And more particularly, are you receiving any pushback at all or a message that maybe you need to stop or back off a little bit with respect to China for the sake of U.S.-China relations?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Commissioner.    My time has expired. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.