    Ms. Lummis. Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    Good afternoon and welcome to the first hearing for the new Subcommittee on Interior of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee.    I am pleased to be holding this hearing on the impact on the American people of three proposed EPA rules.    Over the last year, the EPA has issued rules that are unprecedented in scope and among the most expensive in history. This overreach will impact families and businesses across the country.    The first rule we will examine is the redefinition of the term waters of the United States under the Clean Water Act. Despite two Supreme Court rulings that define the maximum reach of the Clean Water Act, the EPA has proposed a rule that will increase its regulatory authority far beyond current policy.    It would allow the EPA almost unconstrained access to regulate and burden landowners with endless environmental studies. Even more disturbing, the Waters of the U.S. rule still does not provide the regulatory certainty that farmers, small businesses and homeowners need.    Instead, it will result in more red tape, displace local management programs and shift limited resources away from working environmental programs.    We will also examine two EPA Clean Air Act rules that would fundamentally alter the relationship between States and the Federal Government. These rules would result in massive consumer electricity price increases and trillions of dollars in lost economic activity.    These rules are particularly damaging to my home State of Wyoming where we produce over 40 percent of the Nation's coal. They would force the retirement of coal power plants across the country, significantly increasing electricity and natural gas prices and threatens the reliability of the electric grid.    The first of these air regulations is called the Clean Power Plan. This proposed rule would require the regulation of existing power plants and unconstitutionally expand EPAs authority into the management of States energy generation.    It does this through so-called beyond the fence measures that regulate more than just power plants. These measures would mandate energy efficiency requirements on individual households. Compliance costs of the Clean Power Plan could be as high as $479 billion by 2030 and 43 States would face double digit electric price increases.    This massive cost comes with extremely limited benefits and violates the principles of federalism.    The second regulation we will examine is the EPAs proposal to update the air quality standards for ground level ozone. This benign sounding rule is actually widely considered to be the most expansive and expensive rule in the history of the United States.    Independent experts estimate the total possible cost of the rule at $1.7 trillion and 1.4 million job equivalence lost per year. This rule is so burdensome that some national parks, the Nation's most pristine environments, will be found to violate the new standards.    Today, we will hear from two State Attorney Generals, who will explain the impact these rules will have on the States. They will also discuss the EPAs utter lack of consultation with Native communities despite clear legal requirements.    We will also hear from two economists who raise significant questions about EPAs cost estimates. Just as importantly, these economists will also testify that the EPA is systematically overestimating the benefits of these rules by double counting benefits from other rules, ignoring basic accounting practices and projecting benefits out hundreds of years.    Ms. Lummis. With that, I would like to thank the witnesses in advance of your testimony. We are so grateful that you are here.    I now recognize Mrs. Lawrence, the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on the Interior, for her opening Statement. Mrs. Lawrence, I am so pleased to be serving with you. I so enjoyed our visit the other night. Welcome to our collaboration. The microphone is yours.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the gentlelady from Michigan and look forward to our collaboration. Our districts just about couldn t be more different than two districts in the United States. She represents northern areas of Detroit, very urban, and my State of Wyoming is the most sparsely populated in the Nation, rich in clean air, clean water and natural resources.    This will be fun. I am very much looking forward to working with you. Thank you for your opening remarks.    I am now pleased to recognize Mr. Chaffetz, the Chairman of the full committee, for his Statement. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for creating this subcommittee and giving us an opportunity to look at some issues that are so impactful for our citizens. The time is yours.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the Chairman.    I will hold open the record for five legislative days for any member who would like to submit a written Statement.    We will now recognize our panel of witnesses. I am pleased to welcome the Honorable Tim Fox, Attorney General, State of Montana; the Honorable Leslie Rutledge, Attorney General, State of Arkansas; Dr. David Harrison, Senior Vice President, NERA Economic Consulting; Dr. Anne E. Smith, Ph.D, Senior Vice President, NERA Economic Consulting; and Dr. Susan F. Tierney, Ph.D, Senior Advisor, Analysis Group. Welcome all.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses will be sworn before they testify. Please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you are about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?    Ms. Lummis. In order to allow time for discussion, please limit your testimony to 5 minutes. Your entire written Statement will be made a part of the record.    I now would like to recognize Attorney General Fox for his opening Statement.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the gentleman and look forward to visiting with him some time about the Purple Cow Restaurant in Hardin, Montana that I used to frequent when I was a younger gal.    Ms. Lummis. That was one of my favorite places. I have pictures at the Purple Cow.    The chair now recognizes the Attorney General of the State of Arkansas, Ms. Rutledge, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lummis. Thank you, Attorney General Rutledge.    Before I recognize Dr. Smith, it appears we may be interrupted by votes. We will hear the entirety of Dr. Smith's opening Statement for 5 minutes. If votes have been called, then we will take a break for about 25 minutes while the members of the committee vote and return to hear the opening Statements of Drs. Harrison and Tierney.    With that, Dr. Smith, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lummis. We are interested, Dr. Smith. Thank you very much for your testimony.    Votes have been called on the floor. The subcommittee will reconvene shortly after the end of the last vote. If you could all return shortly after the last votes, we would deeply appreciate it.    The subcommittee stands in recess and with bated breath to hear the testimony of Drs. Harrison and Tierney.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the panel for its patience with our leave of absence to be voting on the floor.    Our next witness is Dr. Harrison. Thank you for being here. We look forward to hearing from you. The floor is yours, Dr. Harrison.    Ms. Lummis. Without objection, so ordered.    Ms. Lummis. Thank you for your testimony, Dr. Harrison.    I would now like to recognize Dr. Tierney for 5 minutes. Welcome, Dr. Tierney.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the panel. We will now have questions from members of this subcommittee. The Chair first recognizes herself for 5 minutes.    I have a quick question for Dr. Harrison. Before I do, Dr. Tierney, is it your position that carbon is a pollutant?    Ms. Lummis. Dr. Harrison, is carbon a pollutant?    Ms. Lummis. I have a quick question for you about EPA's attainment level for ozone. If it is set at 65 ppb, could you elucidate me about some of the effects? I think I heard you say for 44 States, 10 percent per year for 15 year increase in electricity costs, is that correct?    Ms. Lummis. I will come back to you on that so hold that thought, please.    I would like to ask Attorney General Rutledge, given this testimony and what you have learned about the EPA's proposed regulations, what kind of impacts will there be on your State? I am really concerned about lower and middle income residents of your State.    Ms. Lummis. Attorney General Fox, same question, what about the impact of these EPA regs affecting both air and water on the citizens of Montana?    Ms. Lummis. I thank the panel.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Russell, for 5 minutes.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from the Virgin Islands, Congresswoman Plaskett.    Ms. Lummis. The gentlelady yields. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona, Dr. Gosar.    Ms. Lummis. The gentleman yields back. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Alabama, Mr. Palmer.    Ms. Lummis. The gentleman yields.    The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence.    Ms. Lummis. The gentlewoman yields.    If the panel will indulge another two questions from each member, we will do that now. It looks like we have assent to that, so thank you.    The Chair yields herself time to ask two questions.    The first of my questions is for Dr. Smith about the Clean Power Plan. Earlier there was a discussion talking a little bit about benefits and quantifying benefits. I want to understand a little bit about the EPA's quantification of benefits of the Clean Power Plan.    How far into the future would the rule begin to confer benefits? Are these Stated benefits global or domestic?    Ms. Lummis. Not 2030?    Ms. Lummis. Thank you, Dr. Smith.    My second question is for our Attorneys General. To both of you, do your States have adequate environmental laws to handle the air quality and water quality concerns that are being addressed today by the EPA?    Ms. Lummis. I thank the panel.    The Chair now yields to gentlewoman from Michigan, Mrs. Lawrence.    Ms. Lummis. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Arizona for two more questions, Dr. Gosar.    Ms. Lummis. That was the longest multi-part two question effort I have ever seen. Congratulations, Dr. Gosar.    The Chair now yields to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright.    Ms. Lummis. Without objection, so ordered.    Ms. Lummis. Also without objection, so ordered.    Ms. Lummis. The Chair now recognizes the gentlelady from the Virgin Islands, Ms. Plaskett.    Ms. Lummis. I thank the gentlelady.    I too would like to enter into the record the following: The NERA Report on the Clean Power Plan; the NERA Report on the Ozone Rule, including the update that was released today; testimony regarding Waters of the U.S. Rule submitted for the record by the National Association of Realtors; testimony for the record from Thomas Easterly, Commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management; comments submitted to EPA by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality regarding the Clean Power Plan; comments submitted to EPA by the State of Montana and the Crow Nation regarding the Clean Power Plan; and comments submitted to EPA by 11 State Attorneys General regarding the Clean Power Plan.    Without objection, so ordered.    Ms. Lummis. I very much want to thank our witnesses for taking the time to appear before us today. We value your expertise and the time you have spent with us helping us better understand these issues.    If there is no further business?    Ms. Lummis. With that, and without objection, the committee stands adjourned.