    Mr. MacArthur. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Thank you for being here. You have all very ably represented your members, and I was struck by one thing that each of you said. Mr. Nixon, that we need to avoid this trap that the beatings will continue until morale improves; Mr. Gordy, that we should avoid aggravating our customers; Ms. Goldberg, that this is the single highest valued benefit that members identify; and, Ms. Huck, that those overseas at the pleasure of their government should not foot the bill. And I think for me, those are all pretty important measures of how we should approach this.    I would associate myself with some of Mr. Walz's comments, not the F-35 comment, but grocery shopping should not become stressful when we have got a lot of other issues that our military families have to deal with.    And before I pose a question, there are three things I think we should remember. One, we have had these four or five hearings now, and we are talking about how many hundredths of 1 percent of the military budget we can save, and I think we have to keep that perspective. We are talking about a lot of dollars, but relatively a very, very small percentage of our defense budget.    And, two, that the benefit to our service members goes beyond just the commissary benefit. Ms. Goldberg, you have mentioned--and I got your quotes backwards, actually, but you recognized that as I said it. But there are other benefits that come from this commissary benefit than just financial, and there are other benefits to the U.S. economy. It benefits our service members, it also benefits U.S. suppliers, it benefits the U.S. economy, and any changes have downstream effects.    And, thirdly, we are about to consider meaningful changes to the healthcare system of our service members. And there is a compounding effect, I think, when we do too many things at one time, and so I think we need to be very cautious.    And that leads me to this question I would ask each of you. What improvements would you advocate to the system, the commissary system, that would not hurt morale, that would not cause aggravation, that would not be seen as a decline in benefits, and that wouldn't ruin the downstream benefits that you have described? In other words, what changes do you see that cause no harm to this system?    Mr. MacArthur. I am going to stop you there. I get the point, and it is a good one.    Mr. Gordy.    Mr. MacArthur. And, Ms. Huck, we have got just about 45 seconds more.    Mr. MacArthur. And Ms. Goldberg.    Mr. MacArthur. All right. Thank you all.    I yield back.