    Dr. Roe . I thank the gentlelady for yielding.    I ask that all members waive their opening remarks, as per this committee's custom.    Joining us on our first and only panel this morning are: Mr. Daniel Bertoni, Director of Education, Workforce, and Income Security for the U.S. Government Accountability Office, GAO; Mr. Bradley Flohr, the Senior Advisor, Compensation Service, for the Veterans Benefits Administration; Mr. Paul Varela, the assistant national legislative director for the Disabled American Veterans; and Mr. Ian de Planque, the legislative director for the American Legion.    Your complete written testimonies will be entered into the hearing record.    Mr. Bertoni, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Bertoni.    Mr. Flohr, you are now recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Flohr.    Mr. Varela, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. Varela.    Mr. de Planque you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. de Planque. Good morning, Dr. Roe, Mr. Takano, and members of the committee. Thank you for having me here today to speak on behalf of the American Legion; our national commander, Mike Helm; and the more than 2 million members in over 14,000 posts across the country that make up the backbone of the Nation's largest wartime service organization.    One of the tragic consequences of putting your life on the line to defend this Nation is that the men and women who do so do not always return home whole. There are many ways your service can impact your life in the civilian world. It can happen immediately, as an IED blast forever and irrevocably changes your world. It can happen over time, as the slow and insidious effects of exposure to dioxin and the herbicide Agent Orange destroys the functions of various bodily systems.    Some of these disabilities can result in a 100-percent disability rating. Sometimes the numbers don't add up, but the overall effect of the toll of war on your body leaves you in a state where you can't really go to work like the rest of the world. This is a hard place to be for a veteran.    To account for this, VA has the rating of total disability due to individual unemployability, TDIU. TDIU is available when the veteran doesn't meet the 100-percent criteria but their disabilities prevent them from regular work.    There are ways the TDIU program can be improved, but the American Legion wants to ensure that improvement does not come at the cost of unintended consequences to the veterans who rely on this benefit, particularly some of the very vulnerable veterans who need this to survive.    There is a proposal in the recent GAO report on TDIU that would look at reducing or removing the benefit for veterans over the working age of 65. There are three good reasons the American Legion believes this is a bad idea:    First of all, it is clear in the law age is not to be considered as a factor in these decisions. This law has existed for decades; there has never been a problem with it. You want to be very, very careful when you give serious consideration to changing the United States Code to diminish a benefit intended to serve disabled veterans.    Second, age isn't even reflective of the modern workforce. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, Americans over the age of 65 still in the workforce have doubled over the past 30 years. Well more than half of those workers are working full-time. Those workers can collect their work income; they can collect other benefits. Why should veterans be put into a disadvantaged category, especially veterans who have been injured and disabled in service to their country?    Third, most workers build a retirement portfolio of some kind over the course of their lives. For a veteran disabled during the course of their service, often a lengthy career to build retirement is taken away from them. The TDIU benefit they receive may be the most substantial piece of income to support them in their old age. We need to think long and hard about depriving veterans of that benefit.    Which is not to say there isn't room for improvement in the program. One of the areas where delays can occur in the adjudication of TDIU is the verification of income and employment. Indeed, it is absent.    In this area, the American Legion would point VA in the direction of one of their recent moves to improve the pension program. In 2012, VA announced a more automated process for eligibility verification by forming partnerships with the Social Security Administration and the IRS. There is no reason to believe such partnerships can't be expanded to include this program as well.    Rapid communication between government agencies needs to become an assumed standard. It needs to be the baseline, something the public can take for granted. Until we can reach that point, VA should certainly build on existing partnerships and relationships to help other programs.    TDIU is a difficult benefit to discuss. We don't think about the toll it takes on veterans. We don't think about what it means to be told you can't work anymore. We don't think about how it feels to struggle with finding your place in the world when your injuries leave you unable to be productive. There is a tremendous cost to these veterans.    It is easy to look at veterans benefits in terms of dollars and cents. I know there are concerns about a benefit like TDIU and how it will be driven by how much it costs. That is a question we, as a moral Nation, can't afford to ask.    In the past, we have seen veterans programs slashed when the focus of war disappeared from the front page. In 1933, FDR passed the Economy Act. It gutted a lot of veterans benefits as the country struggled through the Great Depression. Taking from veterans was wrong then. The American Legion wants to make it clear that walking back compensation from those who have been injured in service is always wrong.    There can be savings to be found in the Department of Veterans Affairs, but an earned benefit that a veteran is entitled to is never a waste of money.    We look forward to working with this committee to find ways to improve and strengthen TDIU benefits to make it do what it is supposed to do: to help serve the veterans who paid a great price for their country.    I am happy to answer any questions.    Dr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. de Planque.    And I will start the questioning.    Mr. Bertoni, you know, we obviously want to ensure that veterans are compensated for their service-related disabilities and conditions. And that is a given.    The GAO report raised concerns about the growing number of beneficiaries who are beyond traditional retirement age when they first apply for IU benefits. And, just in the last quarter, there were 33,046 65- to 69-year-olds and 97 over-90-year-olds that applied.    Is that an issue or a problem now?    Dr. Roe. Okay.    Well, I guess a question that I would have--and to Mr. de Planque's last point that he made--is, in many of these veterans, certainly the more senior veterans, if you are in your 90s, you certainly have come through a time when your earnings were much less than people today. And that may be a very significant part of their income. It probably is a significant part.    I know from my own family, my mother is 92, will be 93--I have to stop that. I don't want to tell how old my mother is. She was born in 1922. I have to stop saying that.    But I think the point I am making is, should we label it something else? Because I am a little bit toward, if you have a service-connected disability, you were injured in the line of duty, and the raters say that you were, then you are due that compensation. I am kind of leaning in that camp.    I realize that, over 90, probably no one is working at that age. But maybe we should label it something else.    Again, if it is a service-connected disability--and all of these people at the dais were correct. We see in Vietnam--that is my generation that fought in the Vietnam war--long-term issues that show up.    So anyone can comment on this that would like to.    Mr. de Planque. One of the things that I wanted to jump in on that--and I know my colleague from DAV mentioned the addition of the Agent Orange condition. Sometimes newly adjudicated conditions can change a veteran's eligibility and cause that.    I mean, think about it. Somebody who was 20 years old in 1965 serving in Vietnam is 70 years old today. So, you know, that age cohort, we are certainly seeing a large influx of veterans, particularly from the early part of the Vietnam war, who are in that age cohort and who are looking at that.    And so you are running into veterans who are looking at a new period of eligibility and maybe newly eligible for that benefit. And we want to be very careful about dialing back any benefit that you are eligible for, you know, changing the idea and saying, well, no, we are not going to compensate you for that anymore. And that is the one place that we want to be careful.    And I think we can understand that, you know, maybe there is a point about, if you are over 90 years old, you are unlikely to be seeking employment at that point, and look at how, you know, the benefits can exist or how they can be structured for veterans to make sure that they are not having that taken away.    But because it is a changing situation and because there are things, you know, in our understanding of how toxins like Agent Orange can affect people over time, it is important to still recognize that at later ages they may need access to these benefits.    Dr. Roe. Well, Mr. de Planque, let me give you an example. I just had, not 6 weeks ago, one of the best friends I will ever have on this Earth, who was a Vietnam-era veteran, who died of a very rare lymphoma that very well may have been related to Agent Orange. And he was 68 years old and still working full-time. And he hadn't planned to stop working either; he was going to continue.    So I think you are right. And I don't know whether these very senior veterans that are over 90 who are in need--there is no question they are in financial need. We may need to look at some different--call it something else or whatever, at that age.    But, with that, I am going to----    Dr. Roe. Certainly, because it is hard to put a straight-face test on that, is what you are saying?    Dr. Roe. Mr. Takano, you are recognized.    Dr. Roe. Yes.    Dr. Roe. Thank you.    Mr. O'Rourke you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Roe. Mr. McNerney, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Dr. Roe. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    I am going to do just a brief second round right quick. And if any of you all want to stick around for this, that will be fine.    But, Mr. Flohr, according to the VA testimony, once a veteran is awarded an IU benefit, he or she is required to submit an annual unemployment certification until attaining the age of 70.    Why does the VA stop asking for this information after a veteran who is age 70 or older when you don't ask the question--it doesn't matter the other direction, if you are getting the IU benefit?    So that is question number one.    Dr. Roe. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Flohr.    And the veterans must meet certain income restrictions in order to receive IU benefits, of course. However, 3 years ago, in 2012, the VBA suspended income verification matches, and, according to the GAO, this decision may have resulted in ineligible veterans receiving IU benefits.    One, explain why the VBA decided to suspend income verifications in 2012.    Dr. Roe. Let me point out something obvious. The new IT system--this is 2012. The new IT system is not scheduled to be operational until 2015, and it is still not operational. Why didn't you continue just to use the old system until the new system came up in place and had its scrub-down?    Dr. Roe. I think I know the answer. I think the answer was they thought--and I will just answer this for you--that that system would be up and running very quickly. It turned out it was a little harder to implement. That would be my guess.    Dr. Roe. According to the GAO, the VBA has not provided a plan or a timeline for implementing the new verification system. Did you just say January of 2016?    Dr. Roe. So that is when it will be implemented?    Dr. Roe. Five months from now. Okay. Very good. And it will go live then.    I guess the last couple of questions I want to ask is--obviously, everybody in this room agrees that, veterans receiving disability and IU would prefer to get better. I think anybody wants to get better. As a doctor, I saw patients; almost everybody I talked to wanted to improve when they came to you. That is why they were there.    And VA has a lot of tools in its toolbox. They have voc rehab, PTSD treatment, healthcare, all those things to help achieve that.    Does the VA track how many of the IU recipients utilize these benefits--in other words, utilize all these incredible resources that the VA supplies? Is there any way to track that?    Dr. Roe. Or just all those things. If you are in IU and you are trying to get back to work, how many people actually access themselves to all the benefits that VA supplies?    Dr. Roe. I think that Mr. Takano asked this question a minute ago, and I will just re-ask the same question. His question was, I think when veterans access themselves to these benefits that they have earned, how many actually come off of IU rolls because they have been helped?    It is like what voc rehab does in the private sector. And we look at that in Tennessee and see how many people use voc rehabilitation and get education benefits and so forth and actually return to the workforce.    Do you all have that number?    Dr. Roe. But you said 6,800 went back to work or----    Dr. Roe. Got it increased. I am not sure I quite understand that, so, after we get through, I would like to ask you to put that in writing for me, if you would.    Dr. Roe. I certainly appreciate you all being here today.    Dr. Roe. Okay. You are recognized.    Dr. Roe. Thank you, Mr. O'Rourke.    And full disclosure, I just sent my American Legion dues in Monday. So I wanted to get that on the record. The check is in the mail.    Thank all of you. You have been a terrific panel. I thank you for taking your time, preparing.    This, obviously, is an important issue. I am sure there are many veterans out there watching this expectantly, and it is good to have this information.    And if there are no further questions, and there are not, you all are now excused.    Dr. Roe. Okay.    I would ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material.    Hearing no objection, so ordered.    Dr. Roe. I thank all the members who were here for being here today.    Without any further comments, this meeting is adjourned.