    Mr. Johnson. Yes, Congressman.    So Dodd-Frank, as you have already stated, sets a threshold above which there has to be enhanced prudential supervision, but the exact nature of that supervision and the standards are very much at the discretion of the regulators.    And we know from statements made by Federal Reserve Governor Tarullo and by FDIC Chairman Gruenberg that they are tailoring the content of the stress test, for example. The nature of the living wills are absolutely differentiated between the largest banks and what we are calling here the regional banks. Capital standards are also differentiated. And the list goes on.    So for every single category of items that are overseen by regulators, to the extent that we can see this from the outside, there is substantial differentiation above the $50 billion threshold. And the regulators appear to be taking into consideration exactly the kind of criteria that make sense, which is partly size but also, as the other witnesses have already said, interconnection; the precise nature of your business; is there substitutability, so if you fail, can someone else step in and provide the same services? So that seems to be exactly in line with the intent of Dodd-Frank.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, Congressman. I think this is a very important issue.    If there were to be a process for banks similar to what we actually have for non-banks, the the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) would be responsible for determining whether or not particular institutions were designated as systemic and were subject to, for example, Federal Reserve oversight, that would be absolutely a cause for litigation. In fact, MetLife is litigating against the FSOC, and there are indications from other large non-bank financial institutions such as Prudential that they may be considering similar litigation.    So the entire process of overseeing the financial system and preventing the kind of lapses that we saw apply to 2008, that will become tied up in all kinds of legal process. There is no way that would be helpful.    Unless you think the regulators are imposing undue, inappropriate burdens on these small, simple businesses--and I don't think there is any evidence of that whatsoever--then I think you have, roughly speaking, the right current arrangement.    Mr. Johnson. They have certainly tailored. Now, there are complaints from the industry that the tailoring is not sufficient. There is a discussion around the stress-testing, which I think is an appropriate and sensible discussion. And there have been public news reports about Zions' stress test, for example. There seems to be a big difference of opinion between the Federal Reserve, on the one hand, and Zions with regard to the nature of those results and what is driving them.    So those are important and, I think, legitimate and sensible discussions. But the basic idea is that you should have a category of banks that are not the largest, not the ones that are without question too-big-to-fail, but ones that are on the way to that territory.    For example, if you look at total risk exposures of PNC, which is considered to be a regional bank, or U.S. Bancorp, these are total risk exposures; it is consolidated assets plus other credit exposures--these are in the categories of $460 billion to $500 billion. Bear Stearns, when it failed, was somewhat over $500 billion; Lehman was about $600 billion. Those regional banks are already in that space where we should have heightened concern at least.    And if we look at the rates of growth of regional banks on a total risk exposure basis over the past year, they have shown, with some exceptions, including present company, remarkably robust and resilient growth rates. So even the smaller ones are growing rapidly.    Again, I am not saying this is an immediate systemic red flag, but it is something that you want the regulator and the Federal Reserve, in the first instance for banks, to pay more attention to. And that is what Dodd-Frank requires.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, Congressman. It exactly depends on the business model and the risk they are taking.    Mr. Johnson. Congressman, there are already 4 categories above the $50 billion threshold--    Mr. Johnson. Certainly, everything we can see in terms of how the regulators operate and how they organize themselves, they treat the very largest, globally systemically important banks differently than they do the regional ones.    Mr. Johnson. I think, Congressman, you have to work to understand the cause of that regulatory failure, which will probably--    Mr. Johnson. Absolutely. And Dodd-Frank was an attempt to address that, which obviously--    Mr. Johnson. I think the regulators have to be held accountable, Congressman. And they are held accountable by this committee, among other things--    Mr. Johnson. Congressman, I think that is a very fair question. I do think we should shift the discussion away from consolidated assets, which are just one measure of what is on your balance sheet, to include other exposures through derivatives, credit lines, credit cards, and so on. And I think, when you look at that, most of the banks that are in the category, say, between $50 billion and $100 billion consolidated assets, if we look at them in terms of total exposures, all of them except for two, Zions and Huntington, are above $100 billion in total exposures.    Now, once you get to any financial institution of any kind with a total risk exposure close to 1 percent of U.S. GDP, I think you need to pay attention to it as a potential systemic issue, either in isolation, perhaps, or as a cluster of similar firms with similar portfolios that could get into trouble.    So most of the firms that are in this category above $50 billion, I think, are already on this potential systemic interest list. Zions is an interesting, different, smaller entity. There is no question about that.    Mr. Johnson. You absolutely need a bright-line test, for the reasons that Congressman Clay already mentioned. If it becomes something qualitative, something involving judgment, for example, by the FSOC or by the Federal Reserve, it is going to be litigated till the end of time.    Mr. Johnson. Congresswoman, I do agree that the Fed should and does use this multiple-indicator approach. And I think as a previous speaker mentioned, they use it when looking at potential mergers. But I am not in favor of modifying the bright-line approach of Dodd-Frank. I think what you are asking for there, or what Congress asked for, is official--    Mr. Johnson. If you wanted to move it to $100 billion total risk exposures, I would not complain about that. That would only change it for two financial institutions, two banks.    But the point of having the threshold set at a relatively low level is to ask the Federal Reserve precisely to look on a case-by-case basis, applying its multiple indicators--there is no complaint about that whatsoever that I have heard--and to decide who is systemic and who is not.    The problem of using Congress to place particular scores, Congresswoman--one problem would be, what exactly is the right score for systemic risk? I agree with Dr. Kupiec, who said we don't know exactly what is systemic risk. You can have many arguments for many, many hours about exactly how to weight those measures in there. Experts and people in the industry absolutely do not agree.    So I think you are better off keeping the bright line, $50 billion consolidated assets or $100 billion total risk exposures, and then pushing the Fed, as you are doing in what you said today, to be nuanced and sophisticated in how they look case by case.    Mr. Johnson. Well, Congressman--    Mr. Johnson. I think you should look at total risk exposures. That is what we learned in the crisis matters. And if you look at the risk reports that they have to now provide because of Dodd-Frank, everyone, with the exception of Zions and Huntington, who is above $50 billion, has total risk exposures over $100 billion.    When you look at the history of financial crises in the United States and other places, financial institutions with total risk exposures close to 1 percent of GDP--    Mr. Johnson. --do amount to systemic risk.    Mr. Johnson. No, Congressman. The situation is as you stated it in your opening sentences. There is a safe harbor below $50 billion, and above $50 billion there are enhanced prudential standards across a number of criteria. So they can't be weaker than what people have below $50 billion. But the extent to which they are stronger depends on the decision of the regulator, which, in this instance, is primarily the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.    And I would just also emphasize, to put it in terminology relative to what you have said and what other members have said, which is this is not about designating anyone as systemically important. These regional banks are not designated as systemically important. They are subject to these enhanced prudential standards. There are systemically important institutions that have been so named by the Financial Stability Board, for example, and it is only a few very large institutions of the United States.    Mr. Johnson. It is certainly not in Dodd-Frank anywhere I can see, and it is not a matter of regulatory practice. They are not putting a SIFI stamp next to these regional banks.    They are subjecting them to additional specific scrutiny--for example, around the capital stress test, the way they look at, do you have enough capital. Yes, that is different above $50 billion. And you can ask whether it has been applied in a fair and reasonable way across all these different sizes. And that is what Zions is--    Mr. Johnson. There is some, ``scrutiny'' is a good word, Congressman. There is some additional scrutiny. There is--    Mr. Johnson. The capital standards cannot be lower than what we have below $50 billion. However, the law also says that there shouldn't be discontinuity, to the previous important point made by the Vice Chair. If you have a big discontinuity, people sometimes will not want to grow below that size.    The regional banks, Congressman, are growing fast. The average rate of growth of total exposures last year was 6.5 percent for the regional banks. So that doesn't seem to be an impediment to the growth at this stage.    Mr. Johnson. Congressman, there are a variety of restrictions on the amount of risk that they can take. And this would depend exactly on what they are doing with these credit default swaps, to what extent they are hedging, to what extent they are actually taking on risk. And there are plenty of micro prudential regulations about that, as well as systemic concerns.    And, of course, one of the issues that came out in the case of AIG was the way in which what appeared to be a small financial institution, in the sense that its banking activities were perceived to be small, actually was writing a lot of CDS and creating a huge amount of risk for that part of AIG and for the rest of the financial system.    So there are additional concerns and some scrutiny by the regulators now on exactly this, on who has what kind of open positions and what kind of exposures through derivatives such as CDS.    Mr. Johnson. Congressman, I think it is a very good idea to look at the community bank situation and to stipulate some fairly stringent criteria which they can opt into and that would get them some regulatory relief. I think that is a very good idea. I think Mr. Hoenig has many good ideas, and that is one of them.    Certainly, when a bank reaches the size, let's say, of Zions or Huntington, you might want to consider this similar sort of possibility. But I would caution everyone that once you get over $100 million, $150 billion in total assets, there should be a level of scrutiny and concern. It doesn't mean that you prevent them from growing, it doesn't mean you prevent them from running certain kinds of businesses, but you want the regulators to look at it.    And to the previous question that was put to me, what is the difference between now and before 2008? The primary difference is we had a crisis, we had Dodd-Frank. The regulators are very scared about anything similar happening in the future, so they got the point. And I think you are empowering them and you are requiring them not to forget as we go forward.    But, having said that, I think Mr. Hoenig's proposal is absolutely sound and should be taken very seriously.    Mr. Johnson. The regulatory framework absolutely allows for that on a case-by-case basis.    I think Mr. Simmons raised a good point about the stress test. To what extent are the stress tests fair? To what extent are they transparent? To what extent do people understand what the Fed is asking from them? And to what extent does it go beyond being what Mr. Simmons called a useful tool to being an onerous obligation?    I think that is a very fair question. And that is the question that you should be putting to the Fed and the Fed should be explaining to you and to others exactly what their approach is and why it makes sense to ask what they ask from Zions and to ask what they ask from JPMorgan Chase.    But I don't think you want to legislate that. I think if you start to legislate what should or should not be in stress tests, you will come up with some very strange criteria.    Mr. Johnson. They have always had the tools, but they didn't use them. The massive inability or unwillingness to use those tools prior to 2008 was the motivation for Dodd-Frank in general, and the specific threshold issue we are talking about, which is to say: You must use those tools or talk about how to use those tools above this threshold.    Mr. Johnson. Congresswoman, they didn't use the tools because they were asleep at the wheel. Chairman Greenspan thought it was an inappropriate use of Federal Reserve powers and so on. So Congress decided to address that.    If you think you want to go back to letting the Fed make up its own mind entirely about these issues, that is a pretty big step, and not one that I would advise.    Ms. Waters. Okay. All right. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson, I want to ask you--I have been in and out, and I apologize for that. But it seems as if there has been a lot of discussion about designating these regional banks as SIFIs if they are $50 billion or more. And you are saying that our regulators have flexibility, and this is not automatic.    Would you explain this again? I am sure you have said it several times today.    Mr. Johnson. Yes, I think there has been some confusion over terminology in the discussion.    The topic is not about systemic designational--designating any particular bank as systemically important, using the SIFI term. It is that there is a threshold in Dodd-Frank that says, above this threshold, there have to be standards that are--I am just quoting here--more stringent than the standard rate requirements that apply to the smaller banks. That is it.    And then it goes on to say immediately--and I am quoting--the Board of Governors may ``differentiate among companies on an individual basis by category, taking into consideration capital structure, riskiness, complexity, financial activities, size, and other risk-related factors.'' That is a lot of discretion or tailoring, which exactly is intended to address the issues that have been raised today.    And I think Dodd-Frank anticipated this. They wanted there to be some minimum standards so you couldn't have the kind of massive lapses that we had before 2008. And, above those minimum standards, the way in which they are applied is substantially at the discretion of the regulators.    Mr. Johnson. I think the specific Hoenig proposal we were discussing is to create a safe haven, primarily designed for community banks but also potentially expandable, where, if you meet certain very stringent criteria across a range of dimensions, including the riskiness of your portfolio, how much capital you have, how much leverage you have, and so on--but if you meet these stringent criteria, you will opt out of a lot of the other regulations that currently apply to community banks. Yes, that idea I do support.    Mr. Johnson. As I discussed in my written testimony, if you look at the experience in the United States with financial crises, and the same thing is true in other countries--I used to be the chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, for example. When the systemic footprint of an institution or its total risk exposure reaches around 1 percent of GDP, you should open your eyes and you should look at it and you should try to understand what is it, how does it fit in the system, what would happen if it collapses, would it bring down other similar financial institutions, for example.    So this is an argument for scrutiny. It doesn't say that you should apply exactly the same standards to everybody irrespective of their size above that level.    But if we take this 1 percent or .75 percent of U.S. GDP, a total risk exposure of about $100 billion would make sense. Now, that is not exactly the same as $50 billion consolidated assets. It would make a difference, for example, to Zions and also to Huntington. But, as I mention in my written testimony, those are the only two U.S. bank holding companies that would be affected by such a shift in emphasis.    Mr. Johnson. Look, absolutely. For community banks below $10 billion, below $1 billion, I have a lot of sympathy for the arguments that they have gotten caught up a little bit too much in the regulatory net. And what is nice about Mr. Hoenig's proposal is, let them opt out, let them choose a business model that is absolutely, clearly, beyond any doubt much safer, and then you can exempt them from a variety of other systemic regulatory-type requirements.    Mr. Johnson. In terms of financial-sector reforms?    Mr. Johnson. Oh, at the IMF. Look, I think, yes, the lack of support in Congress for the quota reform at the IMF is a problem. I think the IMF can and in many instances does play a helpful role in terms of stabilizing the world economy, and that means stabilizing our trading partners, and we care a lot about the stability of our export markets. And from a national security perspective, we absolutely do not need more failed states around the world.    The IMF needs to modernize. It needs to change its governance. There are more proposals on the table. But you can't get there unless and until the U.S. Congress approves the quota reform that is currently on the table. It has been on the table for a long time.    Mr. Johnson. We are absolutely failing in our own leadership and disappointing many of our friends. Whether any other country can step forward and take up that leadership remains to be seen. I rather think that you get something more anarchic and something more chaotic, which is also not good.    I don't think it is over, also, Congressman. We can step up; we can take more responsibility. And the situation in Europe, for example, is, these days, an absolutely pointed reminder of what happens if you let other people sort out their own problems. It often doesn't happen.