    Admiral Thomas. Well, thank you. Good morning, Mr. Chairman and Ranking Member, distinguished members of the subcommittee. Thank you for your continued strong support of our Coast Guard and for the opportunity to talk with you today about our maritime prevention program.    As you know and as you said, maintaining and sustaining a robust maritime industry and maritime transportation system is a national security imperative, and our Coast Guard prevention program plays a key role. The Coast Guard concept of operations for prevention brings to bear our unique authorities and capabilities on the task of ensuring a safe, secure, environmentally sound, productive, and efficient global maritime transportation system, and on helping the maritime industry meet the triple challenge over the coming decades of growing capacity while reducing environmental footprint in the face of ever-increasing complexity.    We do this by developing smart risk-based standards which include both domestic and international regulations; by providing a well-trained workforce in our ports that can ensure compliance with those standards and provide the level playing field the industry demands; and by conducting investigations into accidents and violations of law so that both the standards and the compliance procedures can be improved, as we are currently doing in the case of the El Faro.    Thanks in large part to oversight provided by this committee, we have made significant improvements in our regulatory development program since 2009. We have added staff, reduced backlogs, cut our average age of our projects, and implemented process improvements. Most of the significant rules that we develop are developed in response to congressional mandates. In every case we work closely with all of our stakeholders, including the public and the industry, to ensure congressional intent is met, while providing maximum regulatory flexibility and minimum burden.    A perfect example is the subchapter M towing vessel regulation, which will apply to about 6,000 towing vessels, and will effectively double the size of the U.S.-inspected fleet. This will significantly challenge the Coast Guard in terms of our resources. As a result, we will rely heavily on the use of third parties to meet the inspection and audit demands and to provide the industry the needed flexibility.    We have developed a robust implementation plan for subchapter M, and we will bring industry into our implementation team as soon as the rule publishes. We have already developed a very comprehensive outreach plan that engages both internal and external stakeholders.    But we know from experience that the publication of the final rule is really just the end of the first phase, and we are focused on smooth implementation. You mentioned our ballast water regulation, for example, which was published 4 years ago, and we are still in the implementation phase. Some of the challenges associated with that rule are due to overlapping jurisdictions between the Coast Guard and the EPA and between the States and the Federal Government. We appreciate the efforts of this committee to reduce those redundancies and to embrace standards based on best available technology that is both economically and operationally practical. We remain focused on type approval of ballast water management systems.    You mentioned the TRB report, sir, and we welcome that report as part of our constant effort to improve our regulatory programs. As you mentioned, the report concluded that compliance with Coast Guard regulations is not an impediment to the competitiveness of the U.S. flag, and I agree. But I also agree with the recommendations that there is room for further improvement in the Coast Guard regulatory programs, and I have already taken steps in line with the committee's recommendations.    Of the three recommendations in the report that are specific to the Maritime Security Program, two have already been enacted. To address the remaining recommendations, I have established a working group with industry operators to review and prioritize and suggest courses of action for each, and that group has its first meeting next week. We thank the TRB team for their efforts on our behalf.    And finally, you mentioned the SOLAS requirements, the SOLAS amendments that have become known as the container weight or VGM amendments. As these amendments were developed at the IMO , our delegation was mindful of the existing regulatory structure in the U.S. which already ensures that the weight of a container is known before it is shipped over road or rail, is lifted out of the terminal, or is loaded at a port on a ship. And it is precisely because of this underlying regulatory framework that additional regulations are not needed in the U.S.    The SOLAS amendments may, however, require a change in the status quo in terms of how weights are verified and how that information is transmitted. I have been in contact with the key stakeholders, including those who will testify today, to ensure they understand the amendments and understand the flexibility that exists to achieve compliance. I will continue to facilitate discussions with them as I finalize their compliance strategies. There is no reason these amendments should cause any delays in our supply chain.    Thank you again for your support, and I look forward to our discussion.    Admiral Thomas. No, sir. And I am glad you asked that question so I can clarify that issue.    Admiral Thomas. When we grant a waiver there has to be some mitigating measures. Most of the vessels are mitigating the risk associated with invasive species by doing mid-water ballast water exchange, or mid-ocean ballast water exchange, which means--which is the protective measure that we have had in place for years.    So it is absolutely misleading to----    Admiral Thomas. So you load ballast water in a port. There are many, many more critters in a port environment than there is in mid-ocean.    Admiral Thomas. Well, and--yes, and sewage and other things.    Admiral Thomas. So--but mid-ocean, as you exchange your ballast water, you are bringing on water that has many fewer critters. And in fact, you know, once we have type-approved systems, that mid-ocean ballast water exchange won't be required.    Admiral Thomas. Or there are some other alternatives.    Admiral Thomas. Right.    Admiral Thomas. Well, ships have been doing ballast water exchanges----    Admiral Thomas. Well, not quite that long, but a couple----    Admiral Thomas. Yes.    Admiral Thomas. They did nothing, and that is one of the problems--one of the reasons we have zebra mussels and other invasive species in our ports.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, yes.    Admiral Thomas. Or--yes. There are other options, as well.    Admiral Thomas. You can use public drinking water supply for your ballast, which is not really practical, but it is one of the options. You can use what we call alternative management systems, which are systems that are approved to the SOLAS standard----    Admiral Thomas. So what the Coast Guard is saying is, hey, we understand, Industry, that the systems that meet the standard that is required by our law are not yet there, but they are very close. And since they are not yet there, we will grant a waiver to your compliance date that says you have to have one of those systems that meets our standard.    Admiral Thomas. What the law, sir, specifies is a certain discharge standard with regard to how many critters can be in how much volume of water. And it also requires that we determine that those critters are--we know that we have an efficacy test that we know is reliable and repeatable. So the efficacy test that we have now is one that is very reliable and repeatable across a broad spectrum of ballast water that we would seek from ships coming around the world, and that is the one that says we can count how many things are alive versus how many are dead.    And so, that is--we are focused on ensuring that we bring to the market, to the world market, really--because it is the U.S. that is leading the world in this aspect--systems that----    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir, so that is a very----    Admiral Thomas . Very good point. We punch way above our weight with regard----    Admiral Thomas. Internationally sailing?    Admiral Thomas. If you are talking about deep-draft trading vessels, I have heard the Maritime Administrator use the number somewhere around 80. That is----    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir.    Admiral Thomas. Thousands.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, thousands.    Admiral Thomas. Thousands.    Admiral Thomas. 12,000.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir, for many of the reasons that Mr. Michel mentioned.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir. I am glad you asked the question. There are a number of systems out there, and hundreds of them on ships that have been approved under a scheme that was developed by the IMO.    The IMO recently went back and reviewed the approval process for all of those systems, and have determined that there is great variance on how the standards were applied, and great deviation, in terms of interpretation, so much so that there really can be no confidence that the worldwide fleet has systems that will work, that actually----    Admiral Thomas. Most U.S.-fleet vessels have not yet installed ballast water systems. But those in the worldwide fleet who have chosen to have installed systems that they cannot have great confidence meet----    Admiral Thomas . The standard----    Admiral Thomas. That is a good question, sir. I can't answer the decisionmaking process there. But what I will say is they bought a system that was certified to the international standard. Not to the U.S. standard. But the international standard is not robust enough to really drive the innovation and technology for systems that will meet this challenge.    Admiral Thomas. So the U.S. law and the SOLAS international convention are----    Admiral Thomas. They are exactly the same----    Admiral Thomas. They are exactly the same with regard to the discharge standard, how many critters can come out at the other end of the machine. They are exactly the same. The difference comes with how do you prove to us that machine is actually meeting the discharge standard. That is the difference. And what I am telling you is our----    Admiral Thomas. It does.    Admiral Thomas. Right. Yes, sir.    Admiral Thomas. Right, the standard. We set----    Admiral Thomas. And law----    Admiral Thomas. It requires us to set a standard based on best available technology.    Admiral Thomas. And the standard we currently have is----    Admiral Thomas . Synched with the international standard.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir.    Admiral Thomas. So Coast Guard regulation sets a discharge standard, which is the same as the standard in the international convention. So it is a worldwide discharge standard, which----    Admiral Thomas . Since this is a worldwide global industry, seems to make sense. And you pointed out that it doesn't make sense to have individual State standards, and we would agree with that.    Admiral Thomas. So, sir, we currently have 19 systems actively testing to our standards. Nine of those systems are UV systems. Those manufacturers are investing lots of money to run their systems through our test battery. And they are very confident that technology they currently are working with will meet the U.S. standard.    Admiral Thomas. There is a number of critters per volume of water over a certain size that have to--the maximum number that can be----    Admiral Thomas. So the----    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir----    Admiral Thomas. Viable versus nonviable is how you hear it in this context. But let me----    Admiral Thomas. What we want to do----    Admiral Thomas. Yes.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, I have.    Admiral Thomas. Render harmless?    Admiral Thomas. I am not--I don't--I will have to go back and see if ``render harmless'' is in Coast Guard regulations, sir.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir. So----    Admiral Thomas. Right.    Admiral Thomas. The trick, sir, comes in----    Admiral Thomas . Developing the test, the efficacy test for the system to determine whether the system has actually killed or rendered harmless. And what I am telling you is there is a reliable, repeatable efficacy test to determine if something is dead. There is not a reliable, repeatable efficacy test to determine if they have been rendered harmless.    Admiral Thomas. They can't procreate. But due to the wide spectrum of species that we are talking about from ballast water all around the world, the fact that you don't even know which species you are trying to render harmless, it is difficult to prove that you have cultured enough of them to know whether or not they are able to reproduce. That is essentially the problem.    So ballast water--so land-based water treatment systems, for example, are designed and constructed and operated for a known source of water that is to be treated. That water can be very well understood. You can know specifically which creatures you want to kill or render harmless----    Admiral Thomas. And you know--so you can not only tailor this treatment system to that specific water, you can tailor the efficacy test to that water.    Ballast water comes from all over the world, so you can't tailor the treatment system or the efficacy test, so you need a test that is reliable and repeatable for water from anywhere. And that test today is dead, not render harmless.    Admiral Thomas. Which avoids bringing invasive species into our ports.    Admiral Thomas. The 80-percent solution----    Admiral Thomas. Absolutely, sir. And in our interpretation of congressional intent it wasn't put regulations that leave some doubt in terms of whether or not the----    Admiral Thomas. So two points I should make.    Admiral Thomas. The first is the 80-percent solution that you have referred to is still currently under review by the Coast Guard. So it has not been eliminated.    Admiral Thomas. I do, but----    Admiral Thomas. But there is no evidence that dumping ballast water in mid-ocean does environmental damage----    Admiral Thomas. Because when you dump it in a port environment, sir, that is a very different story than in the mid-ocean. That is how we move species from one port to another. That is how you get zebra mussels and Asian carp in waterways where we don't want them.    So there is a real difference. And we are not talking about a pollutant like oil. We are talking about moving species around the world.    Admiral Thomas. So there are----    Admiral Thomas. There are at least 19 systems currently testing in----    Admiral Thomas. We don't have a Coast Guard type approved system.    Admiral Thomas. We do not have a Coast Guard type approved system at all, including the systems that provide the 80-percent solution, and precisely because----    Admiral Thomas. Back one, sir?    Admiral Thomas. We are----    Admiral Thomas. We are committed to the proven process of type approval. We are learning lessons from the less robust process in--undertaken by other flags that have resulted in the systems that IMO have identified as ineffective.    And so, we are committed to a solution that actually meets the standard, and I am confident that we will very soon. And in the meantime----    Admiral Thomas. There are----    Admiral Thomas. There are 19 systems using various technologies today that are testing, and I expect we will see some data soon that indicates those systems meet the current Coast Guard requirement. And then we will be at 100 percent solution, sir.    Admiral Thomas. There are a number of them out there. Some of them are the UV systems----    Admiral Thomas. Again, I think that this challenge is one that requires way more than one system, because every ship is different, every flow rate is different, every type of water is--so there needs to be a robust pool of these systems that use various types of technologies. And that is what is currently being tested. No one system, even if we had one system approved today, sir, it would not----    Admiral Thomas . Be effective on every ship.    Admiral Thomas. Well, there are some that use UV only, there are some that use UV with some other chemical processes. There are some that use chlorine. There--you know, there are a various number of different----    Admiral Thomas. Well, I think the UV systems--there are two UV manufacturers who are already advertising that they can meet the Coast Guard standard. Some have already sold systems with guarantees that they will meet the Coast Guard standard. So, you know, those systems are promising.    Admiral Thomas. It is a very complicated--that is why I appreciate the opportunity to have the discussion with you on it.    Admiral Thomas. All right, thanks for that question, because there is a lot of misunderstanding.    In my statement, sir, I mentioned that we have a number of regulations in the U.S. already--not Coast Guard regulations--that require the weight of a container be known before it is moved by road or rail or moved at a terminal. So the information required to be in compliance is already being generated. There may be a need for some business practice changes.    Part of the confusion, though, is being generated by a lack of understanding of the flexibility that exists within the SOLAS requirement, both in terms of how the regulation itself is written, and in terms of the general provisions within the convention for equivalencies. So I have seen a number of documents floated by IMO, by the World Shipping Council, by OCEMA , and by agricultural exporters, each of which defines a path to legal compliance with the SOLAS requirements, each of which will result in compliance with the SOLAS requirements.    So this is for exporters and carriers to work out, in terms of which of those methods they are going to use with each other. But there is no reason that the regulation--there is no Government agency, no regulation, no international regulation that will cause a disruption in our supply chain. If it is disrupted it is because the shippers and the carriers haven't been able to figure out which of those many methods meet the SOLAS requirements they are going to employ.    Admiral Thomas. I don't know that it is a dispute. Again, I think that there has been a large amount of misunderstanding of the flexibility that is already provided by the regulation. I think that that misunderstanding is starting to be cleared up, and maybe you will hear today from the panel that they are beginning to have productive discussions on how they are going to meet this challenge.    But again, there is no reason that a regulation should cause a--this regulation should cause a disruption in our supply chain.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir, and that is why we are striving----    Admiral Thomas . For the 100-percent solution.    Admiral Thomas. You know, I think once we have approved systems out there, we will continue to monitor how well they perform, and determine whether or not there needs to be that second step.    Admiral Thomas. So, as you know, there's two Federal statutes that govern this. One, Coast Guard, Invasive Species Act, and the EPA. And neither of those Federal statutes provide for preemption of the States.    Admiral Thomas. So, yes, absolutely, it is true, the States can tack on additional requirements.    Admiral Thomas. Yes.    Admiral Thomas. Well, I would say the Coast Guard and the EPA can't harmonize the requirements. Congress has to do that. Our objective is one, single Federal standard that does preempt the States, because----    Admiral Thomas. Right.    Admiral Thomas. It makes sense, given the nature of this industry.    But--so we appreciate the opportunity we have had to work with this committee staff on drafting some language that might get to that problem.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, and that is correct. So that goes back to the difference between the Coast Guard and the IMO standard lies in the robustness of the type approval process. In other words, how do you actually prove that that box really does kill those critters? And what we found--and IMO themselves have gone back and found that the guidelines they have for type approval are probably not robust enough. In fact, they are in the process of revamping them to make them look a lot more like the     And one of the reasons that we haven't approved all the systems--or any of the systems--that the IMO has is because our process is more robust.    Admiral Thomas. I would say yes, they are hanging in limbo, but they are hanging in limbo because of the pending ratification of the international convention to which we are not signatory. They are not hanging in limbo because of the U.S. regulations, because we are granting the waivers until the technology is available.    Admiral Thomas. So again, if you look at the IMO guidelines on type approval of international systems, the standard is dead. The fact of the matter is that a number of administrations, because those guidelines are not mandatory, have approved systems that don't kill things. They apparently are satisfied with the efficacy test. We have not yet been able to determine that efficacy tests are reliable and repeatable.    We continue to look at that. There is an appeal that is currently under review by the Coast Guard. We have got some new data. If we can determine that those tests are reliable and repeatable across the broad spectrum of species that you see in ballast water, then we will be in a better position to type approve those systems.    Admiral Thomas. Not alive, sir.    Admiral Thomas. As opposed to alive but not viable.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir. I think, intuitively, you say, ``If I can render this organism so it can never reproduce,'' that is effectively dead for the attempt of the regulation. And, quite honestly, I would agree with that.    The problem is demonstrating that you have, in fact, done that for every one of the organisms that might be in that ballast water. It is easier to demonstrate that they are dead than it is that they are nonviable.    Admiral Thomas. Oh. Well, yes, he--the congressman--the chairman said render harmless, which I have come to know as viable versus nonviable.    Admiral Thomas. Is harmless?    Admiral Thomas. It is better. I mean, so that--efficacy tests for dead are reliable and repeatable. And if the standard were simply dead, then the industry that both needs to operate these things and needs to manufacture these things would have a larger degree of certainty.    Admiral Thomas. And we would have the technology on board those vessels----    Admiral Thomas. I think because the regulation is intended to be enduring. And there is a very good chance that in the future we will develop an efficacy test that may actually be effective to determine viability across the full subset. But today it doesn't exist. At least have not been able to--the data that we have been submitted--that has been submitted to us to substantiate this, we have run it through independent experts----    Admiral Thomas . And we haven't been able to get to that same conclusion.    Admiral Thomas. The viability shoal.    Admiral Thomas. Well, sir, you know, effectively, we have, but we are still open to innovators who----    Admiral Thomas . Can come in and show us that they have been able to achieve the same standard through nonviability.    Admiral Thomas. It is a----    Admiral Thomas. We--in our regulation I will tell you--and I wasn't involved in that, but the--there was a lot of discussion in the course of public comment about this very issue, of whether it has to be dead, or whether you should leave the option of nonviability----    Admiral Thomas. It has been a part of the debate for ballast water as long as we have been talking about ballast water.    Admiral Thomas. 1996 or so, yes.    Admiral Thomas. We can agree that dead is dead.    Admiral Thomas. And for the rest of their lives.    Admiral Thomas. Well again, I would tell you, the ballast water treatment industry is working hard to get to the dead, and there are 19 systems currently on--that those manufacturers are confident they are there, or else they would not have invested in the rigorous course of testing protocols.    Admiral Thomas. And the----    Admiral Thomas. Yes.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir. The efficacy test for nonviability is not----    Admiral Thomas. Under testing today.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir.    Admiral Thomas. I think you will get a different opinion when you hear from the industry panel on that, because they would like to retain the flexibility for future innovation.    Admiral Thomas. Right. That is why we are working hard on systems that we know will actually meet the standard.    Admiral Thomas. All right. So just to reiterate, there are--UV systems are still viable with regard to being able to meet our standard. There are at least eight or nine of them currently being tested to the ``dead'' standard.    Admiral Thomas. The question about why don't we just use the systems that have already been proven or international regime is answered really by the study that the IMO did on those systems, and they--when they looked at how those systems were approved, and what data was used, and how that data was interpreted, they found a wide variance in what--great deviation from even their own guidelines. And they concluded that we really have no certainty that these systems will work reliably and consistently.    And, in fact, that particular issue is what has thrown such a great deal of uncertainty into the international shipping industry. There are a number----    Admiral Thomas. Well, again, I will remind you that it is not as if we are extending waivers with no mitigating actions in place. We are still requiring an action to mitigate the threat associated with invasive species. And while we do that, we are focused on a long-term solution that will really meet this challenge for the long term, and we are very close to getting there.    Admiral Thomas. Right, and thanks for that question. The first key point is that this is not a new regulation. This particular regulation has been in place since 1994. And so--but there are amendments to the regulations that are going into place, and those amendments will not cause any changes in the Coast Guard's current enforcement stance for that particular regulation.    Admiral Thomas. Yes, sir, but you asked about our enforcement stance on that.    Admiral Thomas. What I am saying is that the enforcement stance after 1 July will be the same as it is prior to 1 July. That is a SOLAS regulation. So we enforce that as a flag state on U.S.-flag vessels, and we are confident that U.S.-flag vessels already have the guidance they need to be in compliance with that standard. We enforce that as a port state on foreign-flag vessels that come to U.S. ports, and our primary role there is to ensure that those vessels are operating in compliance with the requirements from their flag state.    Admiral Thomas. So our----    Admiral Thomas. Our authority, for example, on the port terminal is not derived from SOLAS. It is derived from Congress and from----    Admiral Thomas . CFR. So the enforcement that we do on deck at a terminal will be--will remain the same, because nothing has changed. Nothing has been amended, nothing has changed.    Admiral Thomas. You would have to give me more time on that. But your point is well----    Admiral Thomas. In our last----    Admiral Thomas. We have been seeking legislative relief from the requirement in the Maritime Transportation Security Act, sir, that we have to go to every MTSA facility twice a year, regardless of risk. We would prefer to be able to target our resources to the highest risk facilities so that a rock facility, for example, doesn't necessarily need to get visited twice a year, whereas a bulk liquid terminal, we would like to have the freedom to do it more often.    Admiral Thomas. I thought it was good enough to come up with----    Admiral Thomas. We do. Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you. I want to change gears a little bit, but similar questioning. I would like to talk about Coast Guard requirements for systems to be used aboard vessels navigating inland waterways, which is very different than oceangoing. I am not sure if it is legal or not, so I will just say that I may or may not have driven any tow barge configuration through some Mississippi River bridges and other places.    Admiral Thomas. I haven't done it, either.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. And--but industry, again, it is very different than oceangoing. Even when I go out fishing, just fundamentally different navigation situation in those two scenarios.    There has not been a standard for electronic charting systems for the past 15 years. And, as you know, the industry has been working on their own to develop a standard. And you may recall that Congressman Abraham and our office and a few others sent you a letter last year on this topic.    I understand that you may be coming to the point where you are going to finalize some type of recommendation or some type of standard. But I would like to understand, if you are approaching a decision, how is that going to comply with or sync up with the efforts of the inland navigation community in what they have been doing over the last 15 years? As you know, compliance costs could be pretty hefty. I have seen numbers anywhere from $20,000 to $50,000 per vessel. And I just wanted to understand sort of how--what they have been doing so far on their own to ensure safety is going to comply, or the consistency with what you believe your final recommendation could be.    Admiral Thomas. Well, I--thanks for that question, because this is really a good-news story here.    I want to be clear, though. You mentioned the term ``compliance costs.'' We have issued a NVIC on this topic, but it is not a regulation and it does not require anyone do anything. So there is no compliance to be added, and no associated compliance cost. The NVIC was issued in response to the demand signaled from the industry that they wanted the Coast Guard to provide a pathway to remove paper charts that are currently required by regulation. And, as you said, the existing standards for electronic systems were just not appropriate for that part of the industry. They work for large, oceangoing vessels.    So we work hard with our FACAs and with other organizations that develop these types of standards internationally, and we finally developed a good standard for this type of system. And that is the standard that is in the NVIC that says if you have systems that meet this standard and you employ them in certain ways with certain redundancies you can legally remove your paper charts.    The problem is that the existing standards on the vessels that are out there already operating aren't built to this standard, which is not a surprise, since it is a new standard. Right? So the market hasn't built things to meet this standard because this standard is just now out there. The fact of the matter is, though, that many of the systems that are already out there, if the manufacturers test them, they will meet the standard. And working with AWO and others, the big-time operators who buy lots of these systems are putting the pressure on the manufacturers to test their systems.    And so, this is a case where the market will drive the solution. Eventually, it may become a regulation. But if it does, it is a market--an industry-driven regulation, as opposed to implementing a regulation that then causes the market industry to catch up.    Mr. Graves of Louisiana. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I just want to urge, Admiral, as you finalize this, I will say it again, compliance with what they have been doing for the last 15 years, I think, is pretty critical. They are the ones who have really been the leaders in regard to establishing technology and standards in this case.    Thank you, I yield back.    Admiral Thomas. Thank you.