    Mr. Filip. Yes. Thank you. We gave a lot of attention to leadership and in that we believe that will be a critical issue going forward. We fully respect that the choice of the Secret Service Director is that of the President, and there is a unique relationship there in that maybe uniquely amongst appointments in the Federal system, that individual is responsible for the personal safety of the President and the First Family. So we respect our role in that regard. But we did and do think that, all things equal, it would be useful to have outside perspectives. The reasons for that, I think, are even more important than the conclusion, because they animate a lot of our views on a number of things.    We think it is essential for reform that there be a full look at the activities of the Secret Service through the lens of the core priority of protecting the President and the White House, and that the activities and budgeting align with those core activities. We think that the innovation associated with the Secret Service's activities also be aligned with those core priorities. And that the new Director, whoever that is, is prepared to make tough choices about personnel, independent of any sort of old-boy's network or friendships or alignments. And that was part of the reason we thought, all things equal, it was easier for an outsider to make those assessments as opposed to someone who is presently with the Service.    And we also think it is important that there be engagement with the broader intelligence community and a consistent set of disciplinary rules, independent of prior friendships or allegiances or experiences. And finally, also, an infusion of outside expertise in budgetary areas, for example, human resources, congressional affairs, things of that sort. So we thought it was more likely that that person would be an outsider, but obviously we respect that it is the President's choice. And to the extent we can be a resource, whoever the next Director is, we would proudly be available to try to help them.    Mr. Filip. We did. And our views on that are that there is certainly some benefits to be gained from the investigative mission to some extent. Now, there is a continuum in those investigative activities. To the extent, for example, that cyber investigations involve the safety of the First Family, of the President, that is probably going to be part of the core mission of the Secret Service. To the extent that cyber involves looking at whether a movie studio has been hacked, or a health insurance company, or a multinational leak, you know, retail-type entity, that might be further afield, and other parts of the Federal Government that are involved in cyber activities might be better positioned to handle the lead on that, again, all through the core prism of what the main mission of the Secret Service is.    So, you know, we had a couple months to look at this. We don't purport to have the final answers. But we think the guideposts on this will be what is the core mission of the Secret Service, and does this particular activity, whatever it is, further that mission or distract from it?    Mr. Filip. I think that goes, sir, to the culture and leadership attitudes of the organization going forward. Any robust organization has to be honest with itself and open to the fact that if we are going to be a continually improving organization, we have to accept and objectively evaluate criticisms about how things are operating. And so I think you have put your finger on something critically important. I think we all do. And that is something that the agency and its new leadership is going to have to get much better at, because no organization is perfect. It is not a weakness to accept the idea that there is problems. Face them honestly and objectively and work forward to improve. So you are right, that is something important for the new era of the Service and for the new Director.    Mr. Filip. One thing to add to your last question, there never will be a point in time where the Secret Service can declare success. Every day they have to get better. It has to be a continual improvement organization. And people have to have that in their DNA. So those benchmarks are signals that people can look to to say that improvement has been real. But there will never be a point in time, given the nature of the mission and I don't think that good leadership would ever think that there is, where people can say we have won, let's take a break, we can 2 weeks off. It is going to have to be a continual improvement organization, just like any successful football team or engineering team or military organization. That is what is going to take.    Mr. Filip. Thank, you, Congressman. We did not focus on that question, given that we just had a couple months' time and we thought we had an awfully big agenda just on the core safety issues. I suspect the agency could be improved within DHS or within Treasury. I am sure there is strong arguments on each side. And we have heard arguments exactly like you just shared to the pro Treasury side. And we have heard arguments to the pro DHS side.    Mr. Filip. Generally they were, people who brought up the subject were people who had been with the Secret Service for a long period of time and, thus, had been in both places. And there were a variety of views as you might expect. But for folks who just, you know, naturally folks who only know one thing, that tends to be what they think about. For folks who have seen different options, they have strengths and weaknesses as to each.    Mr. Filip. Congressman, we looked at that issue. And we think that is a very serious question. We think that the investigative mission in some form is consistent with the protective mission. Some of those skills, some of those technologies dovetail in very nicely. That said, protecting the financial system of the United States is a massive endeavor if there aren't bounds and limits put on it. And it is likely the case--and we think this is important because it also flows through the budgeting and personnel issues--that there has to be a very hard, good-faith look at whether or not investigative functions enhance the ability to protect or distract. And so the issue you have identified is very real. We shared that concern. That is one of the most important things we think a new Director and a new leadership team is going to have to look at.    Mr. Filip. I think these go to the leadership question, Congressman. The insularity goes, I think, at least in substantial part, to the idea of kind of an old boy's network for want of a better term, that discipline is not always transparent, or perhaps even uniform, based on whether or not people have served together in the past or have familiarity with each other. The insularity also goes to the point of reaching out to a broader intelligence community and law enforcement community to gain insights about new technologies and new techniques that are available, perhaps even going so far as to reach out to sister agencies at friendly allied nations, you know, whether it be the Israelis or the British Secret Service equivalents, to find out what techniques they have found helpful in real-threat environments. In the past, that had been done. And it seemed as though that sort of coordination with other folks who might have good insights and experts had diminished.    So those were the main sort of insularities I think that we were looking at. Part of it also was infusing in outside expertise in areas like human resources, budgeting, technology, congressional relations, that leadership might come in those areas that is more effective than folks trained in a protective or law enforcement background.    Mr. Filip. Yes, sir. But we also would hear admissions to that effect, Statements to that effect from senior people. It was a uniform, there were a lot of voices to that effect.    Mr. Filip. I think it would be sort of deputy-level folks within their subject matter areas would select the people who would go to those meetings. Why? I think it was just a lack of priority being placed on or maybe a failure to appreciate the benefits that could come from being in dialogs with other parts of law enforcement and intelligence community in the U.S.    Mr. Filip. Yes, sir.    Mr. Filip. I think, sir, in its most benign form, it was that folks are proud of their own organization. But pride can be a virtue. And pride can be a failing too. There needs to be humility and an appreciation that you can gain a lot from other folks too.    Mr. Filip. I think it is probably not uniform with each and every person. It certainly is something that is organization, the organization has had for some time. I think there is some people at senior levels who are more open to outside perspectives, some people less, some people at junior levels with the same dynamic. It certainly is something that is prevalent enough that a new Director and a new leadership team has to, we think, respectfully, pay serious attention to.    Mr. Filip. Yes, sir. Historically, the agents have always occupied senior leadership positions in a number of areas that perhaps their background and experience doesn't best prepare them to perform. In the FBI, for example, under Director Mueller, benefited substantially--we think there is a broad consensus on that--by bringing in folks from the outside, who have spent their careers in those areas, perhaps outside in the private industry or other areas, in coming to lead those. And we think that is something that would be beneficial here.    Mr. Filip. Sir, I don't think we got a keen sense in the time we were looking at where those changes were coming from. It seems as though people sincerely were trying to find methods that would be better. And they did not work. And there needs to be--that is part of the reason why we think bringing in somebody from the outside who does this for a living is going to be able to improve things. And, if I could, sir, just please answer one question that a number of folks have asked because I don't want to have us fighting people on this.    The events of the fence jumper were a failure. OK. We are not part of the Secret Service. But the Secret Service does not dispute that those events were a failure. And at some level, you can train for 100 years, maybe things would have been different. Under any scenario, they were a failure. And so we are not trying to say that events with the fence jumper, there should never be a situation, period, where anybody gets in the front door of the White House with a knife or otherwise. And I just don't want to leave the impression that we have any ambiguity about that or, frankly, that people, I think the Secret Service has acknowledged that too. And it obviously can never happen again.    Mr. Filip. Mr. Congressman, there are parts of the classified report that speak to threat reduction as well.    Mr. Filip. The rule that the Secret Service uses comes from Supreme Court law about dealing with appropriate use of force that is pretty uniform whether we were looking at the metropolitan police in a big city or the Secret Service or the FBI or whatnot. It is not so much there is ambiguity about the policy, it is the execution of it, sir.    Mr. Filip. Congressman, I think you are putting your finger on something very important, and it also relates to the man who got inside the front door of the White House with a knife. There aren't adequate explanations for failure to secure that evidence of the shooting up in the residence. Nor--you can talk about things forever and you can talk about training forever. If there were never another hour of training for 10 years, no one should get in the front door of the White House again.    We are not here to defend either of those, period. Those were both grave mistakes, and neither one of them should have happened.    Mr. Filip. And maybe we all should speak to that, and I will take the first crack at it, Mr. Congressman. We think that all things equal, it is easier for an outsider to achieve some of the things that are important, taking a fresh look at priorities, having consistent discipline, making tough personnel decisions, bringing in outside folks in the H.R., in the congressional relations, budgeting areas perhaps as appropriate. So again all things equal, it is easier for an outsider to come in and do that. The FBI does that historically. The CIA does that historically.    Again, just to underscore this, obviously that is the President's choice ultimately. And sometimes all things aren't equal in the world in that, you know, someone from the inside brings in an outside leadership team with him or her, and they are the right person at the right time. We will support whoever the President chooses to the extent we can be supportive of them. But all things equal, we do think an outsider would probably be able to do some of those other things easier.    Mr. Filip. Well, we did not do any sort of personnel review of Acting Director Clancy. He has done a great job and he has been a great public servant. And we just didn't do a review to that effect.    Again, all things equal, there is certain parts of this job that are easier, we thought, on average for an outsider. But I think we all have great respect for him.    Mr. Filip. You do, sir. I think the significance of it is real. I guess the way I would put it, I think the nicest way to put it is that in life you try to put people in a position where they have the best chance of succeeding, both for themselves and for the organization. And if you have somebody who is an A-plus protective person or law enforcement person, they may not be an A-plus person at media relations or congressional relations, any more than any of us would be good at being emergency room technicians or some such thing. We all have our strengths and weaknesses.    What the FBI has done under--did under Director Mueller--and it seemed to be a material improvement in their endeavors, was to try to recruit--and it is not always easy. It is hard to get people to leave their positions, to move, things of that sort. But to put a real focus on recruiting experts who would come into the Secret Service. They were attracted--in that case, the Bureau. They were attracted to the mission. It was a way to engage in public service. It was a way to make a difference in America and be involved in human relations, be involved in IT efforts for the Bureau. And they improved things.    The Bureau has a well-publicized history where it wasn't that great at IT for a while. They had a lot of expensive challenges and frankly failures, and they got better. And so we think, respectfully again, that this is an area that would merit serious consideration, because bringing in senior-level people in human resources, in budgeting, in technology, congressional relations could really move the needle for the whole organization, and it would be something that would be great public service for the senior folks who came in.    Mr. Filip. No, sir.    Mr. Filip. Yes, sir.    Mr. Filip. Yes, sir.    Mr. Filip. I don't mean to sort of arrogate our expertise or anything, or elevate it unnecessarily, but we did put a lot of time into it. Our staffs put a lot of time into it. We hope that folks think that we generated some insights that are useful. Whoever gets picked to be the next Director, if it would be useful for them to meet with us or their chief of staff or whoever it is, so long as it is OK under the rules of appointment and all that, I can speak with great confidence for everybody involved that we would be happy to try to be supportive and useful to them in whatever role they would find useful.    Mr. Filip. I think we are just willing to do it. To be honest, sir, there is all sorts of rules and bureaucracy about how many days you can serve and all this and that. And, to be honest, I don't really know how that all works out. I think we are just saying, if we can do it consistent with the regulations and the rules and stuff--we have developed a great respect for the Secret Service in this process, and obviously this is an issue that, you know, anybody who cares about the country, and we all truly do, in the most bipartisan way that you all have embodied, can, you know, feel very proud to have any small contribution toward, and if we can make any further small contribution, we would be proud to do it.