    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to also welcome Secretary Moniz back to the committee this morning. Our Nation faces many challenges as we work to lead the global coalition of countries committed to addressing the threat of climate change. The Department of Energy is at the forefront of these efforts here in the United States. And I commend your achievements as Secretary that are helping to make our country a global leader in combatting climate change.    In December, over 190 countries came together to address the common goal of limiting carbon emissions, a threat to all nations. Accelerating clean energy innovation is essential to achieving the goal of limiting the rise in global temperatures to below 2 degrees Celsius. Thanks in part to your continued leadership, we are now on a pathway to a safer, healthier planet for future generations, while creating an enormous opportunity for economic growth.    The fiscal year 2017 Department of Energy budget proposal requests $32.5 billion for the agency, which represents a $2.9 billion increase from the 2016 enacted level. And this is a 10 percent increase over 2016 levels and represents a significant investment in your agency.    The bulk of this increase will support Mission Innovation, an initiative launched by the administration in conjunction with the Paris Climate Agreement. Mission Innovation would double research and development in clean energy technology for 5 years. And the bulk of this significant initiative will be led by the Department of Energy. In order to meet the aggressive goals outlined in the Paris Climate Agreement, our country must be seriously dedicated to investment in clean energy technologies. And to that end, Mission Innovation will mark a significant investment in our economy, our environment, and public health.    I support this budget request because it provides the Department of Energy with the tools necessary to catapult our country to the forefront of 20th century clean energy innovation. These robust increases in funding for the agency are critical to achieving our long-term climate objectives. Mission Innovation also holds the promise of creating an economic opportunity for our country on the scale of the Apollo Program.    There are some requests in this budget that are of specific interest to my State and district. In particular, I strongly support the $110 billion in the request to support a new competition to establish 10 regional clean energy innovation partnerships around the country. Our country has many hubs of energy research and industry knowledge that can greatly contribute to furthering our clean energy future.    In New Jersey, we have leading academic research institutions, like the Rutgers Energy Institute and Princeton University. A number of renewable, or major renewable energy companies, are headquartered in our State. And we are home to the Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory, a DOE facility, doing cutting-edge research on fusion energy. I know that New Jersey would be uniquely qualified to host one of these 10 regional partnerships.    I continue to support funding for the Northeast Gasoline Supply Reserve and, again, commend the Secretary for taking action to create this important stockpile of gasoline in the Northeast. As many know, when Hurricane Sandy struck in 2012, access to gasoline was severally limited in the aftermath of the storm, causing major problems in the region, impacting homeowners, businesses, and emergency personnel. And I am pleased that we learned this hard lesson and put in place a plan to make the region more resilient when another storm strikes.    All in all, the critical investments in clean energy included in the budget proposal will put our country on the right track to meet our carbon reduction goals and protect our environment and public health. It sets the stage for renewable energy innovations that will bolster America's clean energy economy. Mr. Secretary, I commend you for your leadership in this area, particularly during the negotiations that led to the landmark climate accord in December.    And I look forward to working with you on these exciting new initiatives, to take action on climate change, and expand our clean energy economy. Thank you again. I yield back.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Secretary, last week, this committee's Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing on two valuable reports by distinguished panels that examined DOE's labs and the Nuclear Security Enterprise. And, in particular, I found the findings of the Congressional Advisory Panel on the Governance of the National Security Enterprise, also known as the Augustine-Mies panel, to be quite sobering. Both the panel and the panel witnesses who testified before our committee reported that the National Nuclear Security Act, which created a separately organized National Nuclear Security Administration within DOE, had not worked as intended. And the panel also reported that this has led to a number of serious structural and cultural problems within the nuclear complex. The panel further concluded that if not addressed, the dysfunctional governance practices could put the entire Nuclear Security Enterprise at risk over the long term.    Obviously, you are familiar with this. So, Mr. Secretary, the panel studied various approaches to fix the problems they found. After evaluating several governance models, the panel concluded that Congress should reintegrate NNSA into DOE, clarify confused authorities, and place the responsibility and accountability for the nuclear mission back on the shoulders of a qualified Secretary.    Mr. Secretary, I know you are familiar with this recommendation. So let me just ask, do you support that recommendation? And why do you think the panel thought it was so important?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Well, I just want you to know that the committee intends to continue its bipartisan oversight into how we can make the Nuclear Enterprise function more effective and efficient. And we certainly intend to further examine the panel recommendations and hope to work closely with you to strengthen this critical national security endeavor.    And I did want to thank you, you know, for all you have done as Secretary. I think your work on the nuclear negotiations with Iran, among other efforts, demonstrate how you are precisely the type of qualified Secretary that the Augustine-Mies panel discussed. Thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.