    Ms. Frankel. OK. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    I thank you to the Army Corps, General Jackson, for your work.    Just three quick things. I want to echo Mr. Webster and say thank you, thank you so much on the course modification on the Picayune Strand, the Central Everglades restoration projects. All of those restoration projects are very, very important to Florida. So thank you for that.    I wanted to remind everybody that we have this archaic law that does not allow us to buy sand from the Bahamas, and we are running out of sand in Florida, and I do not understand why we have that in the law. So I persist in saying that we have really got to do something about that.    And the third thing, which is very serious, and I brought this up with you last time, General Jackson, and, Mr. Chair, I really hope that maybe this committee could work with some of the other pertinent committees on this issue, which is the cost analysis that is used in evaluating these projects.    And I want to use an example, Port Everglades, which after 18 years finally we got the Chief's Report. Thank you for that. It was a lot of hard work, and I sat in the final review and I saw how many different people and committees, whatever, had to go through, and in that review I sat in there for hours and hours, and now I understand why almost it takes so long. Eighteen years was a little long.    Now we are learning that the Office of Management and Budget uses a completely different formula in terms of evaluating the benefit-cost analysis, and that could actually prevent the project from going forward. I would guess, although I have not looked at every single project, that this might be something that is a problem with other projects, too.    So my concern is not only that we might get our project stalled again, but my concern is this. Army Corps working on getting a Chief's Report for many, many years, with a lot of people, and it is costing millions of dollars, and you are using a different cost analysis than the Office of Management and Budget, and that just does not make any sense to me.    Because in a sense, they can say, ``All right. All of your 18 years of work,'' and now it is going to be three under the new law, ``is for naught.''    Have you given any thought to how we can try to resolve that situation?    General Jackson. Ma'am, I will tell you that we struggle with this. What is authorized in law for addressing a problem is a 1.0 BCR based on the current discount rate, and that changes very slightly over time. The budget-ability rate is different, as you described. It is based upon a 7-percent discount rate, which has a serious impact on BCR.    We have had discussions with OMB leadership about what other ways could we calculate investment decisions outside of the BCR, and so we are working with the administration to try to figure out what that might be.    And certainly this current administration and senior leadership is open to that if we can come up with something we can all live with.    If there are any good ideas that Congress has that can help us, we are all ears. We would like to be able to make it make more sense, but we also realize that the administration has tough budget decisions to make, as you do, and has to set some type of criteria to separate projects into what can and cannot be budgeted. I cannot speak for them, but we will certainly say we are working on this to the extent that we can at the levels that we are.    Ms. Frankel. All right. If I can make an analogy, it is almost like sending someone out to run the marathon, and then all of a sudden somebody hides the finish line from them. And they have done all of this running and now somebody else moves the finish line.