    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The VA's Home Loan Guaranty Program leverages the non-government world of realtors, lenders, builders, and servicers with the veterans who want to buy a home. Because the government protects lenders from loss on these loans, and because of the safeguards built into the law barring lenders from entering into loans that are risky, more VA loans go to closing than any other product in the industry. Veterans are able to find the homes they want and get into them with a minimum of time and hassle, clearly a win-win for all involved.    Today's hearing is a check-in on this popular program as well as on the Specially Adaptive Housing Program, which helps service-connected disabled veterans build or adapt homes so they can live with greater ease after being catastrophically injured. The Specially Adaptive Housing Program has seen an increase of 65 percent since fiscal year 2013. Today we will hear how VA's improvements in outreach have contributed to this increase, and what is needed in terms of funding and staffing to meet the challenges ahead if growth continues at that pace.    Both programs embody successful public-private partnerships, and I think that makes all of us happy here. I want to thank the witnesses for being here today and I look forward to their testimony. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Takano. Thank you, Madam Chair. Ms. Meadows, we recently had a field hearing on veterans homelessness in my district and one of the witnesses was someone who worked on the VA Loan Guaranty, or the advising and educating veterans about the benefit. And I think they also work with realtors. But he said something that I vaguely recall, and I may not have it correctly, but I recall him saying that often realtors may have, not a vindictive or a malicious bias against directing veterans toward the benefit, but that there may be easier ways to get the veteran into a home. And so often they may not mention the benefit to them, even though that benefit may be advantageous. And that similarly the sellers, you know, may not wish to go, I want to kind of understand what that's about, if you know what I'm talking about.    Mr. Takano. Yes, just if I could follow-up. So you did hear about the legislation by Mr. Zeldin that did pass, and I am happy that we have addressed the loan limit issue and I am hopeful that the Senate will pass similar language, so we can make it law and actually make this happen. But help me understand, what is the misconception? If you could just----    Mr. Takano. So is that beyond a misconception? I mean it sounds like, you know, the idea that cash is king, I mean, is very real. So I mean, it is not that maybe the realtors are under a misconception, it is maybe that they are looking for a quicker transaction, right? And so if the veteran has some other way, so I did recall that I had a conversation with a realtor about the appraiser coming in, the cost of that appraiser. So are there elements of the process which sort of burden the veteran who wants to go through the VA program? And I want to know how we can fix it because I want to make sure that veterans are able to use it. If there's advantages, I want the veterans to have that advantage.    Mr. Takano. Well so it is not just a misconception. There are some real things that we need to address, and realtors are not behaving, you know, in a rational manner. I thank you for the spirit and attitude that you brought to Florida. But you know, that caught my attention and I want to work with the industry and the VA in looking at how we can incentivize realtors to use the program. Thank you.    Mr. Takano. Madam Chair, I just wanted to ask one more. Mr. Danis, is it?    Mr. Takano. You looked like you wanted to say something earlier and I just wanted to give you a chance to say it.    Mr. Takano. Well I am very happy to hear this. And you know, I want to find out ways in which we can make sure the industry, you know, overcomes this misconception.    Mr. Takano. Well thank you. And I appreciate the chairwoman's indulgence.