Washington, DC. Ms. Kathleen Clarke is the Director of the Utah Public Lands Policy Coordinating Office, located in Salt Lake City, Utah.    Under Committee Rules, oral statements must be limited to 5 minutes, but your entire written testimony will be part of the record. When you see the light turn yellow, you know you have 1 minute left. When it turns red, your time has expired, and hopefully you will cease without having to be stopped.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Ogsbury for your testimony.    Mr. Ogsbury. Thank you, Chairman Gohmert, Ranking Member Dingell, and Chairman Bishop. My name is Jim Ogsbury. I serve as the Executive Director of the Western Governors' Association, an independent, bipartisan association representing 19 western governors and 3 U.S. flag islands.    When it come to the development and administration of Federal public policy, Western Governors are duly concerned and often frustrated when they are regarded or treated as common stakeholders. Governors, the chief executive officers of their states, are much more than that. States are sovereigns. Governors have constitutional responsibilities, delegated authorities, and on-the-ground knowledge about their states' economies, cultures, and environments. Their expertise and perspective should be brought to bear in the design and execution of Federal programs.    The governors are particularly anxious to operate as authentic partners with Federal agencies in the execution of programs that have demonstrable impacts on state authority. States, for example, possess primary police powers to manage most fish and wildlife within their boundaries. Likewise, states have primary authority over the management of water resources within their borders, and they possess plenary authority over groundwater.    Because the management of Federal lands implicates these authorities, and because the Bureau of Land Management owns such vast amounts of land in the West, the governors are deeply invested in the agency's processes for the development of resource management plans. Moreover, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, FLPMA, recognizes this investment and mandates a substantial role for governors in the BLM planning process.    Unfortunately, the proposed Planning 2.0 rule fails to honor the role of governors in this process, and instead diminishes it in significant respects. With respect to states, FLPMA says in relevant part that the Secretary of the Interior shall, ``Coordinate the land use, inventory planning, and management activities of or for such lands with the land use planning and management programs of states. The Secretary shall provide for meaningful public involvement of state officials in the development of land use programs, land use regulations, and land use decisions for public lands. Land use plans of the Secretary under this section shall be consistent with state plans to the maximum extent he finds consistent with Federal law.''    Planning 2.0 changes the existing implementing regulations in ways that diminish gubernatorial authority and influence. Whereas current regulations provide that BLM shall strive for consistency between resource management plans and resource-related policies, programs, plans, and processes of states, the proposed regulation would only consider consistency between RMPs and officially adopted land use plans, substantially narrowing the influence of governors.    Furthermore, the proposal eliminates the existing regulatory directive that BLM accept a governor's recommendation submitted as part of his or her consistency review if they provide for a reasonable balance between the Nation's interest and the state's interest. Under 2.0, the Director is directed to simply consider governors' views. By eliminating the current provision and failing to provide criteria or standards for the review of gubernatorial input, it appears that BLM is investing itself with great, perhaps unfettered, discretion to disregard a governor's recommendations.    Western Governors are concerned about several provisions that shorten timelines for public comment and obviate the need to publish notices in the Federal Register. The agency has suggested the comment periods are appropriately reduced because the proposed rule includes new opportunities for the public to participate early on in the planning process, such as during a new planning assessment phase.    These additional opportunities, however much they may operate to elevate the role of the public and non-governmental organizations in resource planning, do nothing to promote coordination between the states and the agency; rather, governors are treated like any other stakeholder.    Planning 2.0 includes new provisions calling for the use of high-quality information. It is disappointing that the proposal fails to acknowledge the value of state science, data, and analysis, despite the congressional directive for the past 3 years that Federal land management agencies use state information, at least with respect to wildlife data, as a principal basis for land management decisions.    There was little disagreement that the resource management planning process of BLM could be greatly improved. Accordingly, Western Governors are prepared to work with BLM as authentic and invested partners in the development and execution of a planning process that redounds to the benefit of individual states, the American West, and our great Nation. Thank you.    Mr. Ogsbury. Chairman Gohmert, Chairman Bishop, members of the committee, I think it is axiomatic that, to the extent decisions are removed from the states and moved to Washington or away from localities, that the influence and the authority of governors that is mandated under FLPMA would be----    The Chairman. Just say yes or no, because I have 20 seconds.    Mr. Ogsbury. I am sorry, sir?    The Chairman. You said it, fine.    Mr. Ogsbury. Thank you.    The Chairman. So, in those last 20 whatever seconds I have, because I see the yellow light up there, let me say this. The issue you always talked about is more input. The issue of getting more input is good; but it is who makes the decisions that is significant. This program significantly contracts who gets to make those decisions, centralizes who gets to make those decisions, minimizes elected input, and that is what everyone has been saying--almost everyone has been saying so far--except for Mr. Lyons. I hope you are listening to what everyone is saying, because that is the biggest flaw in this plan.    I will be more than happy to go another round, but thank you. Sorry.    Mr. Ogsbury. Chairman Gohmert, members of the committee, I would appreciate the opportunity to provide a more thoughtful answer for the record. In the meantime, I would suggest that in the course of consistency reviews that were issued with respect to the sage-grouse RMPs, that there was considerable concern expressed by a number of governors that there was not enough attention paid to those consistency reviews.    Mr. Ogsbury. Chairman Gohmert, Representative Labrador, we believe that Planning 2.0 steps away from that requirement.    Mr. Ogsbury. Governors under FLPMA are, as you pointed out, given a very substantial role with respect to the BLM planning process when, for example, the scope of consistency reviews are narrowed from having RMPs be consistent with plans, programs, policies, and processes to simply being consistent with officially adoptive land use plans; that is a step away from gubernatorial influence.    When 2.0 says that governors' views will be considered, simply considered, that is a step away from saying governors' recommendations submitted as part of a consistency review will be adopted if it represents a good balance between national and state interests.    Mr. Ogsbury. Chairman Gohmert, Congressman Westerman, members of the committee, WGA does not have a specific policy on the movement toward landscape planning. But as you so articulately observed, whatever process is pursued, it is critical to preserve the special role of governors and the substantive role in the BLM planning process.    Mr. Ogsbury. Chairman Gohmert and members of the committee, the Western Governors are pleading for BLM to take a step back and take their concerns into account.    Mr. Ogsbury. I believe the state of Wyoming has asked for a withdrawal of the rule. The state of Utah has asked for a withdrawal of the rule, as well.