    Mr. Cassara. Good morning. Chairman Fitzpatrick, Ranking Member Lynch, and members of the task force, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. It is an honor for me to be here. Not long after the September 11th attacks, I had a conversation with a Pakistani entrepreneur. This businessman could charitably be described as being involved in international gray markets and illicit finance.    We discussed many of the subjects addressed in this hearing including trade-based money laundering, terror finance, value transfer, hawala, fictitious invoicing, counter-valuation, and others. At the end of the discussion he looked at me and he said, ``Mr. John, don't you know that your adversaries are transferring money and value right under your noses? But the West doesn't see it. Your enemies are laughing at you.''    That businessman knew that the United States and the international community had devoted attention, countermeasures, and resources to counter a variety of money laundering and terror finance methodologies. However, trade-based money laundering (TBML) for the most part has been ignored. TBML is defined as the process of disguising the proceeds of crime and moving value through the use of trade transactions in an attempt to legitimize their illicit origins.    The key word in that definition is ``value.'' The magnitude of TBML has never been systematically examined. Nevertheless, one academic study examining the 2013 U.S. trade data found that almost $220 billion of the illicit value was moved out of the United States in the form of value transfer. That figure represents almost 6 percent of U.S. trade.    Approximately $340 billion was moved into the country via suspect trade transactions representing about 9 percent of U.S. trade. TBML is also involved with tax evasion, export incentive fraud, VAT fraud, capital flight or the transfer of wealth offshore, evading capital controls, barter trade, underground financial systems such as fei-chien, the Chinese flying money system, the black market peso exchange and commercial trade-based money laundering such as trade diversion, transfer pricing, and abusive trade misincoming.    In discussing terror finance, TBML is also intertwined with hawala, the misuse of the Afghan transit trade, Iran and Dubai commercial connections, the tri-border region in South America, suspect international Lebanese-Hezbollah trading syndicates, non-bank lawless regimes such as those in Somalia and Libya, the ISIS regime in Syria and Iraq, and many more.    So considering all of its varied forms, I can make the argument that trade-based money laundering is perhaps the largest and most pervasive money laundering methodology in the world. Unfortunately, it is also the least understood, recognized, and enforced. In its primary form, TBML revolves around invoice fraud and the associated manipulation of supporting documents. The primary techniques are over- and under-invoicing of goods, multiple invoicing of goods, and falsely described goods.    For example, did you know that we are importing plastic buckets from the Czech Republic and each bucket costs $972? Do you know that we are importing toilet tissue from China at the price of over $4,000 a kilogram? And that we are exporting live cattle to Mexico at $20 a head? Because of the magnitude of U.S. and global merchandise trade, these transactions and millions of others like them are not recognized, and simply get comingled.    Successful enforcement efforts are practically nil. Nevertheless, I am hopeful. First of all, theoretically, international trade transparency can be achieved because of the exponential growth in data and the incredible advances in analytics. I am also optimistic because trade transparency is also a revenue enhancer. I have found that the carrot of empowering our partners to strive for trade transparency and increased revenue can be much more effective than the stick of heavy-handed measures that have proven to be unsuccessful.    I have a number of recommendations in my written statement, and in my new book, ``Trade-Based Money Laundering: The Next Frontier in International Money Laundering Enforcement.'' These include reaching a consensus on the magnitude of the problem, a Financial Action Task Force recommendation on TBML, and supporting the trade transparency unit initiative.    Thank you, and I would be very happy to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Cassara. I think originally, when the TTUs were first stood up back about 2004, 2005, it made sense to kind of focus on Latin America in general. They were specifically concerned about the black market peso exchange methodology. and this was considered one of the primary countermeasures that we had.    The concept, in fact, has proven successful. We have about a dozen TTUs right now and there been about a billion dollars of seizures. But at the same time, it is like operating with one hand tied behind your back because the system has never really had, has never really accelerated, has never reached that next level, and there are a lot of reasons behind that we could get into, but a lot of it had to do with lack of resources, lack of personnel, raiding of personnel and resources, et cetera.    There have been countries around the world that have wanted to create TTUs. In fact, that was the original concept behind the TTUs: to have an Egmont-like financial intelligence umbrella for trade transparency units. I still think that is feasible. I think that is the next frontier in international money-laundering enforcement. I think we will be moving in that direction, but we can't continue the status quo. We are just treading water and I think we need to get to the next level.    It is certainly attainable. We just have to have the will to do it. And as I keep harking back in my testimony, this should be a no-brainer. We can do that. The data exists and it is a revenue enhancer. Why wouldn't we want do it?    Mr. Cassara. I spent 6 years of my life at FinCEN. I was the Customs Liaison to FinCEN. This was in the late 1990s, in the era around 9/11.    Mr. Cassara. My personal opinion is no, it is not a good idea. TTU belongs in what is Customs, and a lot of this has to do with Customs, the Custom-Customs agreements we reach with other countries. The other thing is, we can debate FinCEN, but in my opinion, FinCEN has never achieved its full potential, and there is a host of issues over there right now. I don't think they are ready for the TTU.    Mr. Cassara. Approximately 2004-ish, 2005, right when the TTU was being stood up, there was a delegation that went over to FinCEN. And what we tried to do at the time was to co-locate the TTU with the FIU, because that, as Lou has made perfectly clear, is the ideal. But FinCEN, at the time, turned it down. They did not want any part of it.    Mr. Cassara. I have done a lot of training, technical assistance mentoring in the Middle East. And what I found is that in most countries of the world, customs services do not follow the U.S. model. They are not enforcement-oriented. They are involved with, say, inspection and control.    So when they find something that perhaps is suspicious, they are content to, say, maybe collect a duty and all these other things, but they don't hand it off to an investigative body. There is a lack of capacity, a lack of training as well. There are corruption issues involved. It is not a simple formula.    But if you can make the right connections, there are things that can be done. And the other thing I get back to, again, is that it is a revenue-enhancer. So this should be the carrot to drive their cooperation.    Ms. Waters. Thank you very much. I have a number of questions I would like to get some clarification on.    And I suppose the big question for, I guess Mr. Bock and Mr. Cassara is: Do you believe action should be taken to require the disclosure of beneficial ownership information upon incorporation? And to require financial institutions to check that information against lists of known terrorists and those who are known to finance terrorism before new accounts can be opened on their behalf?    Mr. Cassara. As a criminal investigator, yes, we should require beneficial ownership information, not only because it is the right thing to do--obviously, if we are trying to follow the money and value trails, there is a labyrinth of hidden financial networks. And without beneficial ownership information, it makes it very, very difficult to follow those trails.    The other thing I would like to bring to the task force's attention, is because again I have done work overseas, and time and time again, I have been asked by our counterparts overseas: ``But Mr. John, I am following the dirty money trail from my country, and it leads to your country. Have you ever heard of this place called Delaware or Nevada or Wyoming? Can you please help us get information?''    And there is nothing we can do. It is embarrassing. Thank you.    Mr. Cassara. As a follow-up to that, I would like to add that in my opinion, the commodity of choice for trade-based money laundering is now, and has been for a long time, gold--the misuse of the international gold trade.    Just to give you a very, very quick visual--    Mr. Cassara. Gold has unique properties. It is both a commodity and a negotiable instrument, if you will. There are couriers every day, for example, that travel from Milan's Malpensa Airport to, say, Karachi, Dubai. And they declare gold.    And they declare this gold as $500,000 worth of gold. And they have all the documentation. But is that 18-carat Italian gold chain? Is that 24-carat Saudi gold or Indian gold? Is it 12-carat Walmart specials at $500,000, $50,000, or $750,000?    That is the way trade-based money laundering works.    Mr. Cassara. A TTU can spot anomalies in the data.    Mr. Cassara. Then what is required is you have to write a report, and the report has to be given to an agent, a Customs agent or--    Mr. Cassara. It is a real challenge but I want to emphasize what you just said. It all comes down to enforcement. We can pass all the rules, regulations, and laws in the world but it comes down to enforcement.    And the other thing I would like to drive home for those of you who are concerned about areas of the world where adversaries operate, in the United States we have the best, most robust customs enforcement in the world. We have the best data in the world. We have the best analytics in the world. We have the most motivated--    Mr. Cassara. --staff in the world, and we are doing a horrible job at--    Mr. Cassara. Exactly, so look at where our adversaries are in the Middle East, South Asia, in other places in Latin America and whatnot, and they--it is not happening.    Mr. Cassara. It would be extremely beneficial for law enforcement to have beneficial ownership information. I am certainly not an attorney, I am not a legislator--I couldn't attempt to even craft the appropriate language, but all that I can say is that the system as it operates now is not working and yes, it is hypocritical, because we are quick to criticize others, and we have to look at ourselves in the mirror when it comes to beneficial ownership information.    Mr. Cassara. I just want to follow up on what Lou Bock said. This concept of counter-valuation is extremely important to understand because it is a common denominator for most underground financial systems, alternative remittance systems in the world, whether it again be hawala misused by terrorists or Chinese flying money systems. It is this concept of counter-valuation, or balancing the books through value transfer, through value in one country being shifted via over- or under-invoicing and other methods to another country.    So if you want to get at these underground financial systems abused by our adversaries, we need to promote trade transparency.    Mr. Cassara. Again, in my statement I said I don't have a position on the pros and cons of the TPP, but I am quite certain that if the TPP and other international trade initiatives of that type, they will promote trade, and what happens is the misuse of trade gets lost in the noise.    So I think what would be beneficial to all countries is to have true trade transparency. And I think they will actually be willing participants because--I go back again--it is a revenue-enhancer and it cracks down on trade fraud.    Mr. Cassara. I do not.    Mr. Cassara. I would like to briefly answer that question, and then turn it over to the true expert, Lou Bock.    Mr. Cassara. Some of these things could simply be outliers, so what it is going to require is field investigation. And that is not happening. But to answer your question, yes, it happens all the time. And I know Lou can add to that.    Mr. Cassara. Just to my opinion on your last question, I think legitimate businesses will welcome trade transparency because it is a level playing field--particularly American businesses should welcome this.    Mr. Cassara. I believe trade-based money laundering is a major problem. But it depends on the part of the world you are talking about. Certainly, if you are talking about South Asia, you are talking about Afghanistan, Pakistan, the Afghan transit trade, it is absolutely huge. Areas in Libya and Somalia, it is huge. In other areas, perhaps not as important.    But what is overlooked is the fact of trade-based value transfer, particularly the counter-valuation we were talking about earlier and its relationships to all kinds of indigenous, underground financial systems employed by our adversaries. We have not focused on that. We should.    Mr. Cassara. I would like to see regional TTUs. For example, we are talking about threat finance. One of the reasons we established TTUs originally was to get at terror finance. So if you had a regional TTU--for example Afghanistan, Pakistan, Dubai, that whole area there--would be great. You could set up another one around Iraq and the surrounding areas--Turkey and other logical trading partners.    I would like to see TTUs in theory under the HSI-ICEu umbrella but they don't have to be. Any country can stand up their own TTU using trade data, financial intelligence, and other data they have.    Mr. Cassara. Global Financial Integrity, a non-profit--in fact there are a few representatives of it sitting behind me--has done some incredibly useful studies about illicit financial flows from the developing world. And literally, trillions of dollars--about $1.3 trillion if I am not mistaken--over the last 10 years has gone out of the developing world, mostly through abusive trade mis-invoicing.    This type of thing directly affects the developing world, it affects the standard of living, it enables kleptocrats, it is all different kinds of wealth transfers and this is a type of thing on almost a social level that breeds corruption. It also brings unstability.    Mr. Cassara. There are some real experts here that have a very, very good understanding of the data that is available. But the kind of thing that you just talked about--yes, it is possible to do that. It is possible to do that. And the other thing, because we just briefly touched on corruption, for example--the great enabler, the great facilitator for a lot of this stuff that goes on in this areas--in theory, that analysis could be done outside of the countries. It could be done here. It could be done in our intelligence communities.    Mr. Cassara. Part of that, as you said, is kind of a multi-pronged approach. Some of this does get done via the State Department. Some of it gets done via funding by the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs--INL. Of course we have Customs attaches assigned overseas and they also participate in the facilitation of that. There are a lot of delegations that go back and forth. So it is a multi-pronged effort. There is not one particular model.    Mr. Cassara. In my opinion, this whole issue of trade-based money laundering there continues to be a lack of awareness. And you mentioned for example DEA, IRS, even FinCEN, whatever. As far as trade-based money laundering and associated issues, at the Federal, State, and local levels, there still is a lack of awareness and understanding of this. There just is.    Mr. Cassara. I do not know.    Mr. Cassara. Short answer, yes.    Mr. Cassara. I do not know. I'm sorry.    Mr. Cassara. It is a very difficult question to answer. I am not privy to internal conversations, obviously, within the Administration. But the reason we are here is that not enough has been done to combat trade-based money laundering in general, establish trade transparency units in particular, which is part of the U.S. national anti-money laundering strategy.    Mr. Cassara. In the international community, the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) makes things happen regarding anti-money-laundering and counterterrorism finance. One of the recommendations I have in my book and in my prepared statement is that I believe we should go to our U.S. Department of the Treasury, which heads up our U.S. Government Financial Action Task Force delegation, and ask them to study the possibility of having trade-based money laundering be the next FATF recommendation.