    Mr. Chaffetz. I thank the Chairman, and Director, thank you for being here.    The FBI has had to change through the course of time since my grandfather, who was a career FBI agent, served. I have great admiration for the agency and what you in particular are doing.    I want to go back to cyber, we've talked a lot about cyber. Can you articulate the size, scope, and investment that you in both personnel, dollars to address the cyber threat that's going to continue in perpetuity?    Mr. Chaffetz. What is it that you can't do? That is, is there another department or agency that's doing something that the FBI couldn't do?    Mr. Chaffetz. Yeah.    Mr. Chaffetz. Well, thank you.    Mr. Chaffetz. Let me ask you in the context of the United States Secret Service. I was surprised to learn that the agents that they have, two-thirds of their time is spent on investigations and cyber. And it begs the question to me, why do we have such a small group of people doing that, which the FBI has a much bigger resource, infrastructure, and expertise in doing? And as we look at potentially restructuring the Secret Service and getting more focused on the protective mission, why not combine the two? Or what is it that they do that you don't want to do or that they do that you can't do? I'm trying to get my arms around it.    Mr. Chaffetz. So in terms of the personnel that you have associated with that, how would that work? Are there other agencies that would also--I mean, Secret Service is but one. Are there other agencies that should be also included in that because we've got a homeland security organization that thinks they should be in charge of all the cyber?    Mr. Chaffetz. Can you shed anymore light on the FBI's next-generation cyber initiative? Explain that to me a little bit more.    Mr. Chaffetz. And so when you have FBI personnel that will focus potentially their entire career just an cyber, correct?    Mr. Chaffetz. They won't necessarily be bouncing around to different tasks?    Mr. Chaffetz. All right.    I appreciate the time. I'll yield back.