    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Good morning.    Mr. Jenkins. Let's continue down that road of healthcare and the prison overcrowding. Actually, I served on our justice reinvestment effort in the West Virginia legislature and we have made the concept meaning, of course, that you are going to take the savings that you would have spent as you do things to reduce some of the cost, some of the incarceration numbers, and reinvest those so you are not necessarily putting a lot of new dollars, although oftentimes it does require a little jumpstart investment on the front end before you see that reduced prison population.    You know, I have read your testimony and I am curious. Again, you have identified a top priority of the concern of the pending crisis, as you label it, and you talk about overcrowding and you although acknowledge that we actually saw a dip in the federal prison population the last fiscal year. And it is expected actually to continue to drop at least for the next few years.    And you point out the issue of despite a reduced prison population, costs continue. And you identify, as you just have, healthcare as being one of the drivers of that.    Let's talk about why healthcare. And the only thing I saw from your testimony here that you mention is an aging prison population, older people, higher healthcare costs, but dig in a little bit more for me other than just saying, well, we have got an older population.    I understand. I have a healthcare background, but what are the factors driving the healthcare delivery system in our prison system? The healthcare benefits and services that our prison population are entitled to, are these being delivered in the most efficient way?    And I shudder to think that our prison population is getting equivalent to a gold or a bronze or a high-level plan that a normal non-incarcerated citizen might not have access to.    What have you all done looking into the healthcare delivery system and what the cost drivers are other than just we have got an older population?    Mr. Jenkins. Is there a robust effort to look at the contract services and the healthcare? I assume this is almost like a bundled payment structure versus the non-contract provider of prison services and look at who is getting the appropriate outcomes, but who is also providing the services in a cost-effective manner.    Mr. Jenkins. Is there a clear description of the types of services that a federal inmate must be provided? What I have heard you just describe is the complexities of the decentralization and the multifaceted approach to all these, but is there really a core set of what services or are we wrestling even with what a federal prison inmate in West Virginia is entitled to compared to in another facility?    Mr. Jenkins. That is my sense.    Mr. Jenkins. Let me have one additional question, Mr. Chairman, time permitted.    The other is, you know, again, having been through Justice Reinvestment, a Reverend Watts in Charleston, West Virginia once said, you know, we need to start focusing on people we are really scared of, not people we are just really mad at. That was a pretty profound statement with regard to our prison population challenges.    But the President has in his base budget proposed a cut to drug courts, cutting federal funding to drug courts. I know in our state, drug courts have proven very effective. And there is an initiative under the DOJ relating to the smart crime initiative.    Have you done an audit of or have any involvement in this research of the smart crime initiative, which I understand is ongoing, which is supposed to identify whether or not some of these initiatives are working, and I understand you do not have the results yet, but we are still seeing a President's budget that says we think drug courts apparently are not effective and we are going to cut their funding?    Mr. Jenkins. Uh-huh.    Mr. Jenkins. Do you think we should be cutting back on drug courts?    Mr. Jenkins. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.