    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Madam Chair, I am going to do something I don't usually do, which is talk for most of my 5 minutes today, to try and take advantage of the opportunity to try and explain why many of us here on both sides of this building are interested in more oversight of the Federal Reserve and why we are interested in the Audit the Fed Bill and similar types of measures.    Earlier today you gave us your testimony, and you said something I thought was interesting, that one of the ways you plan on ending accommodation or at least tapering off of accommodation was to raise the rates that you pay on excess reserves. That surprised me. You weren't going to choose to shrink your balance sheet. We could probably and should probably have an entire hearing on that, but by articulating that policy, that is a huge wealth transfer. I think that one of your Fed economists said it could be as much as $20 billion to $60 billion in money that will flow to the large banks that have the excess reserves. The President of the St. Louis Fed just said it could be about $50 billion, so in the same range, which I think would be more money in that single transfer than those banks made last year collectively. This includes foreign banks.    So you come in and you talk very publicly about your feelings on wealth inequality and income inequality, yet at the same time, in the same moment, you articulate a policy that is actually going to transfer money from the taxpayers, which would go to them in remittances if you didn't give it to the banks, and transfer it to large financial institutions, including foreign banks, and you add to that policy the policy which we have had for the last several years of this ultimate--this extremely low interest rate policy, which we know hurts savers. We have talked about that today with Mr. Lucas. We know that it devalues the dollar. So it hampers an ordinary family's ability to run itself. And it discourages savings by discouraging--which hurts small business. So, at every turn so far, the policy you have articulated about how you are going to unwind and the policy that got us here in the first place, the policies that the Fed has adopted are actually making income and wealth inequality worse.    Yesterday, you had a chance to talk a little bit about this with, I think it was Senator Brown. He asked you what you thought was causing wealth inequality and income inequality in this country. And you listed a couple of things. You talked about the global production chain depressing wages. You talked about the fact that the lack of organization of labor, which I assume means unions, was also depressing wages. And previously I know that you have commented on the structural role of education and technology in expanding the inequality of wealth and income distribution in the country.    And my simple point to you on those points is that monetary policy has nothing to do with any of that. Monetary policy has nothing to do with the global supply chain, nor should it. It has nothing to do with the organization of labor, goodness gracious, nor should it. And it certainly has nothing to do with the role of technology in education. In fact, I had a chance to have a very similar conversation with your predecessor about 2 years ago on something similar to this when I asked him about the role of monetary policy when it comes to the labor markets and the ability of the Fed and the labor--and monetary policy to drive labor markets, and this is what he said, ``With respect to employment, monetary policy as a general rule cannot influence the long-run level of employment nor unemployment.'' And that is certainly correct. I know that happens to be economic orthodoxy. In the long run, you all can't have an impact on the labor markets. I know--    Mr. Mulvaney. I'm sorry, but let me finish. And if I do have time, I will let you comment at the end.    So that, Madam Chair, is why we are interested in being more involved because you are sticking your nose in places that you have no business being. You have no business in the long-term labor markets. And to the extent you claim to want to help fix income inequality and wealth distribution in this Nation, in the view of many of us, you are actually making it worse. You are making it--    Mr. Mulvaney. You are--and, again, I will give you the opportunity at the end and the chairman may as well.    You are favoring capital over labor and you are favoring Wall Street over the folks back home, and that, Madam Chair, is why we want to know more about how you operate, and that is why many of us support the policies contained in the Audit the Fed bill.    Now, with that--and, again, I apologize for taking too much time--I would be happy to have your comments.    Mr. Mulvaney. Then why are you talking about it?    Mr. Mulvaney. You are one of the most powerful organizations--    Mr. Mulvaney. --in the world.    Mr. Mulvaney. But you--    Mr. Mulvaney. But you went to great lengths--    Mr. Mulvaney. --before, Madam Chair--and I think correctly so--to point out that you are not political.    Mr. Mulvaney. And when you start to talk about items that are outside of your jurisdiction--    Mr. Mulvaney. --outside your portfolio, you are being political.    Mr. Mulvaney. Well, you--    Mr. Mulvaney. --agree with your predecessor--    Mr. Mulvaney. --that monetary policy--    Mr. Mulvaney. --has an impact--    Mr. Mulvaney. --on labor rights.    Mr. Mulvaney. Thank you.