    Mr.  Hill. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Ranking Member, for your excellent stewardship of this task force.    Dr. Shelley, I would like to begin with you and talk a little bit about this real estate exception to the money laundering statutes that you have referenced. Presuming a buyer has a bank and withdraws money from that bank, and presuming a seller has a bank and deposits the proceeds into that bank, describe kind of more specifically the gap that you have identified that is being exploited. And you even referenced right here in the booming real estate market of the beltway. So could you go into a little bit more detail about that?    Mr.  Hill. So do you think that a solution would be that REALTORS would be subject to filing a SAR? Is that the direction you would take?    Mr.  Hill. And in my example, you are just suggesting they are not caught on the depository end of either one of those transactions is your presumption?    Mr.  Hill. So that leads me, Ms. Rosenberg, to the issue of beneficial ownership. Obviously, the IRS captures everybody who is involved as a director in a Form 990 in the nonprofit sector, and they have an elaborate disclosure capability that is online and publicly available. And for all passthrough companies, like Dr. Shelley is talking about, Subchapter S or an LLC, which is the most common form of real estate ``shell company'' process, the IRS has all that beneficial information and that you file, obviously, a K-1 to one of those beneficial owners every year on that real estate.    So my question to you is, what is it that we are not doing? We have the information at the IRS, and if there is a criminal investigation, you are not suggesting that the IRS doesn't turn that over to a U.S. Attorney or an FBI agent, are you? Or are you?    Mr.  Hill. Wouldn't you suggest, though, that the burden shouldn't be there on a commercial bank but ought to be on the secretaries of States and on the update requirements for beneficial ownership change at the State level and which would be rarely automated, I would assume, in all 50 States? So we haven't heard a lot of discussion about the responsibility of individual secretaries of State at the state level for incorporation standards. What should the--what role does the Federal Congress have on that?    Mr.  Hill. I thank the panel.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman. Thank you.