    Dr. Heck. Go ahead and call the Military Personnel Subcommittee of the House Armed Services Committee meeting to order. I want to welcome everyone to the first hearing of the Military Personnel Subcommittee on the 15 recommendations to modernize the military compensation and retirement system suggested by the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission.    We appreciate the Commission's diligent and comprehensive review of the military pay and benefits system, and believe their thoughtful recommendations deserve our attention and careful study. We want to ensure everyone that the Military Personnel Subcommittee will take every opportunity to thoroughly review and discuss them in the coming months.    We are fully committed to improving the welfare and quality of life for both current members of our armed services and our veterans, while ensuring we keep our Nation safe and secure. Our purpose today following last week's full committee hearing is to begin the subcommittee's effort to understand the assumption, rationale, and details behind the Commission's recommendations.    A key consideration for our work is to continue viability of the All-Volunteer Force, which has been well sustained by our current compensation system since its inception. Most importantly, we must not break faith with our service members and undermine our efforts to recruit and retain the best and brightest in our Armed Forces.    Before I introduce our panel, let me offer Congresswoman Davis an opportunity to make her opening remarks.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mrs. Davis.    Before I introduce the panel let me just lay down some groundwork because we heard that votes will be somewhere between 1:50 and 2:05. We know that you have a hard stop at 2:45 to get across campus. So I would ask to please keep opening statements short.    To those of us at the panel, keep questions short and succinct, and give enough time for the commissioner to answer it. And we will try to muscle through as fast as we can. But we don't want to shortchange anybody's opportunity to give their opinions.    In addition, today we are kind of now at I think recommendation 14\1/2\. So recommendation 15 of the Commission on a military dependent education category for disaggregating data we just added as an amendment to the Elementary and Secondary Education Act reauthorization, which is going on right now in the Education and Workforce Committee. So, recommendation 15 is already on its way to being adopted.    We are again joined by an outstanding panel of commissioners. Again please try to keep your statements to 5 minutes or less. Your written comments will be made part of the record.    I want to welcome the Honorable Alphonso Maldon, Chairman of the Commission; the Honorable Stephen Buyer; the Honorable Christopher Carney; Mr. Michael Higgins, who we all know well; General Peter Chiarelli; and Admiral Giambastiani.    Chairman.    Dr. Heck. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. So no other opening statements?    Dr. Heck. Great.    Dr. Heck. We will now begin with a 5-minute round of questions for the members of the panel.    Again I want to thank all the commissioners for being here. And certainly I have got a lot of questions that probably go far--too far into the weeds at this level that we will probably address in later hearings or roundtable briefings with some of the Commission staff members. A couple of quick ones.    You know when we talk about some of the rationales and assumptions used to come up with some of the recommendations, I was intrigued by one of the health care recommendations, specifically when it went to the dependent health care and enrolling them in some type of FEHBP -like program and not under TRICARE.    From the report, and I will quote--``There are limited provider networks. Another important part of good access to care is having ample health care providers available to provide treatment. TRICARE networks of civilian health care providers, however, are limited because TRICARE reimburses providers for health care procedures at a rate equal to or lower than Medicare reimbursement rate. By reimbursing doctors at rates equal to or less than Medicare levels, which are less than market rates, TRICARE has been unable to attract enough quality doctors. In contrast, commercial insurance carriers in the civilian sector offer fair market value for physician services.''    As a health care provider for over 30 years I question that assumption because most even private health insurers right now base all their reimbursements on Medicare rates. And so there is really not I think a big difference between what you are calling fair market rate and what most private health care insurers are providing as reimbursements to their network.    So can you walk me through that, how you came up with that statement?    Mr. Buyer. What we did is we took the time to actually get into this question.    So with regards to the contractors themselves, Congress basically said we are doing this to put pressure on DOD, say you know what, we need to rein in this program. We want it to be Medicare rates.    What did the contractors do? They took it even further. We had to negotiate with providers for rates below Medicare.    What impact did that have upon the system? It began to limit the network with regard to providers who participate under TRICARE.    So if you can pick--we chose three different areas: Fayetteville, North Carolina; Phoenix, Arizona; and San Diego. We chose different specialties. We had to examine those carefully.    So take the North Carolina one. With regard to OB/GYN we said okay, of the network, if you look at the Blue Cross Blue Shield plan----    Dr. Heck. I have just been informed that you need to be on a microphone somewhere so it gets recorded.    Mr. Buyer. If you look at Fort Bragg, Fayetteville, North Carolina, for OB/GYN, and we said okay, what does a robust network look like? So what does Blue Cross Blue Shield provide? How many OB/GYNs signed into Blue Cross as an acceptable provider under their standards, right? One hundred fourteen at Fort Bragg.    GEHA, the Government Employees Health Association a very--I would call it a similar plan to what TRICARE offers. How many signed into a GEHA plan? Forty-three providers. How many signed into TRICARE? Oh excuse me, I am sorry, 87. How many signed into the TRICARE program? Thirty-six, 36.    Now you can go down all the different specialties here----    Dr. Heck. No, I agree with you that there are fewer providers in TRICARE than in the private plans. But how do you draw----    Mr. Buyer. No, not in the private plans. This is in     Dr. Heck. No, no. That is what I am saying. In the TRICARE versus private plan.    Mr. Buyer. Versus the private plans. You have got 114 OB/GYNs----    Dr. Heck. But how do you make that connection that the reason for the lower number in TRICARE is due to reimbursement rates? That is my question.    Mr. Buyer. Go talk to them. We have done our sensing sessions. We went around the country. We spoke to the family members. We spoke to the service members. And it is a reimbursement issue that these providers are not signing onto TRICARE. And it is a very--it is a severe issue.    You asked us to look at this program. And what my commissioners and I we agree this is--TRICARE is a broken program. You are going to receive a lot of pressure from those across the river and institutions and the contractors to convince you otherwise.    That everything is okay with the TRICARE program. All we need to do is make little tweaks here and there and everything is just fine. Do not get sucked into the status quo. That is my best counsel to you.    Dr. Heck. I appreciate that. Thank you. My time is expired.    Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Mr. MacArthur.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Walz.    Dr. Heck. Thanks, Sergeant Major . Mr. Cook.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Ms. Tsongas.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Mr. Coffman.    Dr. Heck. Thank you.    Ms. Speier.    Dr. Heck. Mr. O'Rourke.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Knight.    Dr. Heck. Great. So since the bell hasn't rung, we will continue with some additional questions if members have some.    Mr. Jones had to leave. He has three questions that he would like answered. I am going to submit those to you for the record and then if you can get him responses I would appreciate it.    A couple of kind of just quick bullet questions that I have to make sure I understand some things.    So, service members auto-enroll, but may opt out. But then he is reenrolled the following January. Does that happen in perpetuity? So if he opts out the second January the next January he has reenrolled again?    Dr. Heck. And the thought behind reenrolling a person who has made clear he doesn't want to participate let's say for two, three, or four Januaries in a row?    Dr. Heck. Sure.    Dr. Heck. Right. Thank you.    General Chiarelli. They are going to look at that. They are going to be talking to their buddy. And their buddy is decided to stay in. And it is going to show on his or her LES, Leave and Earnings Statement, an amount of money that has accumulated.    And before too long they are going to be talking about you really get 6 percent match? You know, and this is an opportunity. And we just want to give them the opportunity to re-evaluate their decision not to play as often as we possibly can.    Dr. Heck. Great.    I just want to be clear also on the match. So there is 1 percent automatic from the day the person signs the paper, and the auto-enrollment at a 3 percent deduction, which they can increase, decrease or opt out of. But the government match does not begin until the first day of the third year of service.    Dr. Heck. Okay. Because that is what I read on page 37.    And then on page 38 there is a bullet that says service members should be vested in their TSP after two complete years of service. The standard 1 percent contribution and matching contributions provided by the uniformed services. But up until that date there has not been any matching contributions.    Dr. Heck. Okay. Just wondering because there was kind of--it made me wonder.    Okay. I will leave it there and yield to Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Mr. Knight, further questions?    Dr. Heck. Thanks.    Mr. Walz.    Dr. Heck. Ms. Speier.    Dr. Heck. Mrs. Davis.    Dr. Heck. Now let me--I am going to follow up on that same line. So obviously so now we have DHA , which has kind of assumed the role also of TMA . How do you see--what happens to the Defense Health Agency if we stand up a Joint Readiness Command and we do away with TRICARE?    Dr. Heck. Probably explains why Secretary Woodson is on my calendar next week.    Mr. Buyer. I want to go really--I want to go--yes. He is going to have less of a kingdom and he will be defending the muck.    Let me go real personal to you. So when you are in theater as a combat surgeon the picture that someone took, that radiograph, that picture that was taken.    Do you realize that when that patient was then on the air ambulance to Landstuhl, when he got off the bus, when he was carried off the bus at Landstuhl his medical record is on his chest, along with his x-ray.    And you say, Steve, why is that? In the era of the electronic health record? It is because there is no trust. You see that x-ray that was taken, the kind that supports hospital in Iraq for you is a different system than--that is located at the MTFs.    Because the Defense Health Agency, they are funded differently. They buy things differently. The acquisition is different. So when it comes to the combatant side of health care, it is owned by the services.    So this recommendation that General Chiarelli and Admiral Giambastiani have created this Readiness Command in the J10, it is to ensure that it becomes seamless and integrated. We have to stop this.    We also need acquisition reform. But that was outside our purview.    I will yield back, but you see what I mean? Come on, doc, we got to do better.    Dr. Heck. Well, votes are going to be at 2:30. I will ask if anybody has got any last alibis. Okay.    You know we have touched on a lot of important issues. But we haven't yet delved into a lot of issues. Like until we start talking about SBP and DIC offset, talk about a third rail. Or if we start talking about some of the other issues that you have addressed.    I want to assure all the subcommittee members that we will continue to address every one of these issues in detail before we come to the point of trying to make a recommendation on the recommendations.    Again, I want to thank all the commissioners for your thoughtful work, for coming before us again. I appreciate the insights you have provided. Look forward to working with you as we slog through and defend the muck from the gargoyles.    Dr. Heck. There being no further business, the hearing is adjourned.