    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you to Chairman Wheeler and Commissioner Pai for coming back here today. I know it has been a busy few months since you last testified before this Subcommittee, and I appreciate your willingness to come and give us an update.    I am particularly grateful for this opportunity to hear from Chairman Wheeler about how he is addressing the priorities of the Democratic members of the subcommittee, many of which are shared by our Republican colleagues. Our members are champions for improving universal access to broadband in the many underserved rural areas of our country. They have also been tireless advocates for the rights of residents of our vast tribal lands, and too often those living on tribal lands are unfairly left on the wrong side of the digital divide. I hope to hear how the FCC can help our efforts to improve deployment to these areas where the economics along are not enough.    Our members have also been devoted to improving public safety communications. This is especially meaningful for those of us whose districts were impacted by disasters like Hurricane Sandy, who believe that everyone should be able to call for help in an emergency, and I hope we hear more about what the Commission is doing to make our vision into a reality.    Our members also share Chairman Wheeler's commitment to competition. That is why we led the charge to overhaul the FCC's designated entity program. Under the new rules that the FCC recently adopted, the program encourages robust participation from bona fide small businesses, while allowing innovative business models more in line with today's dynamic wireless market. And we have also stood with our Ranking Member Eshoo in her battle to free up more spectrum for unlicensed use. These airwaves can lower barriers to entry, and allow for more vigorous competition.    And finally I hope to learn more about what the Commission can do to support our work to protect consumers. For instance, I know several members of the Subcommittee have been focused on the FCC's recent actions to address robocalls. We all agree that more needs to be done to crack down on unwanted commercial calls, and I hope to hear what the Commission can do to address the issues our members have raised.    I would like to yield 1 minute each of the time--well, I guess a minute and a half to Mr. Doyle, and then a minute and a half to Ms. Matsui.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Chairman Wheeler, I have three questions in three different areas I want to try to get in, so I am going to ask you to respond fairly quickly, if you can. You committed that the FCC would complete a proceeding by the end of this year to make our wireless networks more resilient--this deals with communications and emergencies--and I wanted to thank you again for that commitment. Last week former Commissioner Adelstein promised that the tower industry would work closely with your staff to install new rules for network resiliency. We are approaching the heart of hurricane season, and the third anniversary of Sandy is almost upon us, so what is the status of the FCC's proceeding on network resiliency?    Mr. Pallone. OK. If you do have something you could update us with now, through the Chairman, I would like to maybe have a written response, if we could, without objection.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you. Then the second question is, with regard to designated entities, in my opening statement I mentioned I support your recent decision to modify the FCC's designated entity rules, and since the rules have passed, however, I have heard criticism that just as the FCC closed some loopholes, it opened others. So how do you respond to those critics that question these decisions?    Mr. Pallone. OK. With regard to the incentive auction and consumer outreach, as we head towards the incentive auction in the early part of next year, I become concerned about whether consumers will be prepared for the transition. In many ways, this education effort will be even more difficult than the one we faced with the digital TV transition, because we don't have funding for consumer outreach this time, and we will have to deal with a flash cut.    So I raised this issue with the National Association of Broadcasters, and I can say that they committed to working with us to start planning on how best to reach out to consumers. My question is, can you commit to working with us and the broadcasters to devise a comprehensive plan to ensure that consumers will know what they need to do to continue to watch over the air TV?    Mr. Pallone. OK. You have actually answered all this in 4 minutes, so I will yield back the balance of my time.