    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Secretary Esquea for being here. I appreciate your answers.    I read your written submitted testimony,and on this point that Mr. Jordan was bringing up, you said that there have also been some instances where committees have requested extremely sensitive information, involving cybersecurity, market sensitivity, ongoing law enforcement investigations, personally identifiable information, and some other things.    So I appreciate that the committee has not publicly disclosed confidential information about the currently operating Consumer Operated and Oriented Plans, so-called CO-OPs, but given that the committee is continuing to pursue these sensitive documents, I want to reiterate my concern about releasing this information in a way that would mislead consumers about the insurance companies in their States. Empowering consumers through transparency is a good thing, but that's not what we would be accomplishing by releasing market-sensitive information in this way. In reality, it would be misleading selectively to release information only about the currently operating CO-OPs that have been placed under corrective action plans, enhanced oversight plans, by HHS, without releasing similar information about all of the insurance companies in these States. Regulators at the State and Federal level routinely use CAPs, corrective action plans, enhanced oversight plans, and other regulatory tools, like consent orders, to make sure insurers stay on track. Secretary Esquea, HHS uses CAPs to monitor and regulate private insurance companies in the Medicare Advantage market. Am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. And large insurance companies offering Medicare Advantage plans might be placed under a CAP or enhanced oversight plan by HHS. Am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. State insurance regulators use similar tools to address issues raised by consumer complaints, like billing or claims practices. Correct?    Mr. Cartwright. So the committee held a hearing on the CO-OP program in February, and before that hearing, the committee received a letter from the National Association of Insurance Commissioners, or NAIC, and Mr. Chairman, I do ask unanimous consent to place this letter into the record for today's hearing.    Mr. Cartwright. And here's what the NAIC had to say about the disclosure of confidential information related to the CO-OPs, and I quote: ``For the sake of the 11 CO-OPs that continue to operate in our States, we encourage all congressional Members and their staff to heed the confidential nature of some of the financial information that may come to your attention. Divulging information on State actions or the financial status of any plan that is not public could threaten the long-term success of these plans.''    Secretary Esquea, my understanding is that HHS has already provided the documents the committee is asking about today in two separate in-camera review sessions with committee staff. Am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. And, of course, ``in camera'' is a $50 Latin phrase that means in private, but in a way the committee can see it. Right?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. So would HHS be willing to provide additional in-camera review sessions for any member of this committee who would still want to review these sensitive materials?    Mr. Cartwright. And I think you just said that. Right?    Mr. Cartwright. Sometimes people can't take yes for an answer. Can you articulate HHS' concern about producing copies of those sensitive documents, please?    Mr. Cartwright. I want to echo your concerns and those of the NAIC that releasing information of this nature could not only be misleading for thousands of consumers in the United States, but it also could create a damaging kind of self-fulfilling prophesy for the future of the CO-OPs.    There are those who want to believe that they're all bound for failure, but that's not really a reason to drive a stake through the heart of them by disclosing misleading public information based on incomplete information.    So I thank you for your work, Secretary Esquea, and I encourage you to continue to work with the committee.    And, with that, I yield back.    Mr. Cartwright. I yield back.