    Mr. Hice. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I respect my colleague, but I thought we were here to discuss the Affordable Care Act and ObamaCare, and I have anything to say about it other than the false belief that somehow it has ushered us into the good old days. This has been nothing but a disaster and continues to be a disaster. Premiums and deductibles are raising. I hear it every time I go home. People can't afford it. Insurers are reducing plan offerings. CO-OPs, as we have already discussed, are imploding. We have administrative requirements that are ballooning to the tune of $273 billion in administrative expenses attributable to ObamaCare, which amounts to hundreds and thousands of hours of paperwork to try to keep up with the requirements. The enrollment is skewed, going down. I don't see how in the world this has ushered us into the good old days. It is absolutely a disaster every way I can possibly look at it.    Mr. Counihan, you mentioned today that, because of the Affordable Care Act, that a lot of people have insurance because of ObamaCare. But what you did not mention, in all honesty, is that these folks are older; they're sicker; they're more expensive to insure even than the administration ever anticipated. As a result, we now have insurers who are rising the premiums because it is so expensive to insure these folks. Kaiser predicts that premium increases this year are going to be steeper than they have seen so far. And it has already just gone up and up and up since the beginning. The former CMS Administrator recently predicted the same thing.    We have high deductibles that, quite frankly, are just making insurance coverage less affordable and less accessible to the people. This is anything but an Affordable Care Act. People can't afford it. I hear it constantly, not only from people in my district but from small rural hospitals: 17 percent of the people have a deductible over $5,000. They can't afford the deductible. They go to the hospitals, and hospitals end up never getting paid, and they are going under.    We have already mentioned ObamaCare promised to keep the doctors, keep your health plan, and we, of course, all know that that simply has not been the case. Insurers have limited their provider networks trying to cover the cost of this thing. Brian Webb of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners recently said that the individual market is a mess. I mean, how in the world can we look at this in any other possible honest way but to say, ``This is a disaster''? And I really, Mr. Chairman, I really don't have any questions. I'm just flabbergasted that we are still in any way trying to defend this and trying to continue to push it on the American people, rather than face the reality. We have fewer plans. We have fewer doctors. We have reduced choice. And I guess my only question, is this the legacy of ObamaCare? I don't see any other way out of it.    Mr. Chairman, I thank you for holding this hearing.    And I yield back.