    Mr. Kane. Good morning, Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, and members of the committee. I appear before you today to discuss the mission and operation of the Federal Bureau of Prisons and specifically our armory policies. We appreciate the committee's interest in this issue.    Our detailed response to your inquiry regarding lost and stolen firearms was provided on June 24, 2016, and our records indicate no lost, stolen, or missing weapons.    We also appreciate the considerable work of the OIG on their audit of Bureau armory ammunitions and equipment. We concurred with all 14 recommendations in the report and provided the first status update on June 21, 2016. The overall status of the report is now resolved with three closed recommendations, and we look forward to continuing to work with the OIG as we improve our systems for documenting and tracking munitions equipment in our armories.    I am honored to speak on behalf of the nearly 39,000 Bureau staff, law enforcement professionals who are correctional workers first and support the agency's mission and core values of respect, integrity, and correctional excellence.    Every day, when staff go to work at Bureau facilities around the country, they put the safety of the American people above their own. These dedicated public servants are committed to the highest standards of professionalism. Their courage, bravery, and sacrifice are essential to keeping our communities safe and our institutions secure.    As our nation's largest correctional agency, the Bureau houses approximately 195,500 inmates in our Federal prisons nationwide. Our mission, which dates back to the Bureau's establishment in 1930, is twofold. First, to protect society by confining offenders in prisons and community-based facilities that are safe, humane, cost-efficient, and appropriately secure; and second, to ensure that offenders are actively participating in programs that will assist them in becoming law-abiding citizens.    We have had great success with respect to both parts of our mission. Our facilities are safe and secure, and the latest research indicates 34 percent of released Federal offenders are rearrested or have their supervision revoked within 3 years as compared to almost 68 percent of offenders released from State prisons. Those numbers are a testament to the quality of evidence-based programs our staff provide in an environment that promotes respect and self-improvement.    In support of our public safety mission, the Bureau maintains armories for emergency equipment that is made available as required for certain correctional posts, for particular emergency situations, and for training. In 2011, a Bureau staff member pled guilty to one count of transfer of a stolen flashbang device, which was taken during a Special Operations Response Team training exercise at Florence, Colorado. The staff member was terminated from the Bureau and was sentenced to 6 months home confinement, 3 years' probation, and restitution for the value of the stolen goods.    The Bureau reported this incident to the Department of Justice's Office of Inspector General and cooperated fully in the investigation. We also took immediate steps to modify the armory tracking form for better accountability of the munitions taken out of and returned to the armory. Since that time, we have also made additional changes to the form, as recommended by the OIG, to further improve the accountability.    As I stated previously, the Bureau agrees with all 14 of the OIG report recommendations. The OIG has closed three recommendations, and the Bureau has recently completed two additional recommendations that will be reported to the OIG in our next status update. We are developing a national database that will strengthen and enhance our systems of control to support the remaining recommendations. We are confident that in addressing the issues identified in the report we will be enhancing the safety of our staff, inmates, and the public.    Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, members of the committee, this concludes my formal statement. Thank you.    Mr. Horowitz.--can. Do you know how many guns we are talking about?    Mr. Kane. I do not know the number of guns, but they are not accounted for under the automated systems that Mr. Horowitz is referring to it this point.    Mr. Kane. Thank you ----    Mr. Kane. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Cummings. The safety and security of the public, the staff, and the institutions and the inmates is our highest priority, and we're working very actively ----    Mr. Kane. We're working with the OIG on the new automated ----    Mr. Kane. We expect to be able to test that new system in early winter.    Mr. Kane. Yes, sir.    Mr. Kane. That's fine.    Mr. Kane. That's fine, sir.    Mr. Kane. It's the outdated systems that we are now replacing, and when they were constructed, they were built to serve the local institution, and now we're moving toward a national database that will allow national centralized auditing of regular reports, et cetera, in addition to digital logs of ----    Mr. Kane. Other audits that are done in this part of the ongoing work of the Bureau of Prisons will check to see if those kinds of errors are occurring. And ----    Mr. Kane. Mr. Kane. I have no idea, sir.    Mr. Kane. No, none that I know of it.    Mr. Kane. It does not.    Mr. Kane. Absolutely, we are, Mr. Congressman, and it we ----    Mr. Kane. We have actually made changes in policy, as Mr. Horowitz referenced earlier, in 2013, and another update concurred with by our union this spring in 2016. But the OIG identified additional potential improvements. We agree, and we are going to actively pursue them.    Mr. Kane. Our officers are issued firearms in very limited circumstances, but they also do use them during training. They're issued from our armories and returned to our armories. They are tracked in a system, as Mr. Horowitz indicated, that is effective in maintaining accurate inventories of firearms. We have not lost or had any stolen since 2005, the time the research suggested by or requested by the committee.    But our training begins in basic training. We have annual training. We do training in disturbance-control sorts of events, et cetera, and all of those types of training include that sort of focus in instruction.    Mr. Kane. We are planning to begin testing the new system in early winter 2017.    Mr. Kane. It's a complicated system to put together. We're working directly with OIG staff to satisfy all requirements. And we--we're working very hard already to get it done.    Mr. Kane. Yes, we expect we will.