    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Chairwoman Ros-Lehtinen, Chairman Salmon, Ranking Member Deutch, Ranking Member Sherman, and members of both subcommittees, thank you for inviting me to appear before you today to discuss Fiscal Year 2017 foreign assistance priorities for Afghanistan and Pakistan.    First and foremost, I want to commend the men and women of the armed services, the foreign service, the development agencies, and intelligence community stationed in Afghanistan and Pakistan. I am honored and humbled to have served with them in Kabul and Islamabad over the past 4 years.    My written testimony, which has been submitted for the record, touches on many of the topics that I expect we will discuss today, including updates on Afghanistan and Pakistan, prospects for peace and reconciliation, and our budget priorities.    With regard to Afghanistan, a great deal has been achieved over the past 14 years. However, Afghanistan faces very real and daunting challenges, challenges that affect our own national security. Afghanistan will need our support as it continues to strengthen its institutions and become increasingly self-reliant. It is essential that we help prevent it from ever again serving as a safe haven for international terrorists that would threaten the United States.    This year, two vital international donor conferences aimed at shoring up Afghanistan's security and development will take place in Brussels and Warsaw. Robust U.S. and international financial support and sustained diplomatic engagement are critical to ensuring that the Afghan Government is able to enact needed reforms, spur a stagnant economy, and consolidate the gains made over the past 14 years.    Our relationship with Pakistan, a growing country with more than 190 million people, a nuclear arsenal, terrorism challenges, and a key role to play in the region will remain a critical one. In Pakistan, we see the government in a concerted and difficult fight against terror groups that threaten Pakistanis. But, unfortunately, Pakistan does not take equivalent steps against groups that threaten its neighbors.    Our core initiatives in Pakistan include promoting economic growth, countering terrorism, fostering regional stability, and promoting the consolidation of democratic institutions.    Let me emphasize. We have repeatedly and, frankly, underscored with the most senior leaders of Pakistan that the Haqqani Network must be part of their wider counterterrorism operations in order to keep their commitment not to discriminate between terrorist organizations. Effective engagement with Pakistan is grounded in our national interest.    We have carefully calibrated our Fiscal Year 2017 budget request, balancing global funding constraints and our interest in stability in Afghanistan and Pakistan. Our overall combined request is just under $2 billion, with $1.25 billion requested for Afghanistan and $742 million for Pakistan. While this is a 14-percent reduction from the President's Fiscal Year 2016 request, and an approximate straight line from Fiscal Year 2015 enacted levels, these levels will enable us to stay engaged in a critically important region, while also responsibly rightsizing our commitments.    We believe we are on the right track to achieve our goals in the region, but we fully recognize serious challenges remain.    Thank you for the opportunity to address your subcommittees. I look forward to our discussion today and welcome any questions you may have.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Madam Chair.    First of all, let me join you in robustly condemning the attack of 19 April. These clearly undermine the efforts to make peace in the region. And I would just add that we have pressed the Government of Pakistan on its commitment not to discriminate amongst terrorist groups. We believe there across the region must be zero tolerance for safe havens.    With regard specifically to the question of combat authorities, I think I would have to refer you to my colleagues in the Department of Defense for a more detailed discussion of what they are seeking and the state of deliberation on those questions. But I would emphasize that the administration's position, the President's position, is that our combat operations in Afghanistan ended in December 2014. And so we will continue to work on a policy on that basis.    Mr. Olson. Madam Chair, I think that Pakistan is at a strategic crossroads. We have made very clear at the highest levels that we believe, first of all, that Pakistan has made great progress over the past couple of years in addressing its domestic counterterrorism priorities. That is to say, it has taken robust action against those groups, principally the TTP, the Pakistani Taliban, that threaten Pakistanis.    Their stated policy, which we agree with, is not to discriminate amongst terrorist groups. We believe there is considerable room for improvement in the application of that policy on the ground. And we believe, in particular, that Pakistan has not taken as vigorous action against groups that threaten its neighbors as it has against those that threaten it domestically. So Pakistan has also been very helpful in the reconciliation process, but I do believe that there is a strategic choice right now. With the Taliban having refused to come to the table, it seems to us that it is time to address more robustly the question of groups that threaten Afghanistan.    Mr. Olson. Madam Chair, the administration is supportive of the F-16 sale to Pakistan. This has been developed between our military coordinating groups over the course of time. It is consistent with our overall program of support for the Pakistan military, which is based on counterinsurgency and counterterrorism.    The Pakistanis have developed a precision strike capability that they use in the F-16s they have right now to take out targets. As I mentioned before, these are principally the Pakistani Taliban. But we think that that is a good thing.    The Pakistani Taliban has been involved in attacks against Americans at FOB Chapman in Afghanistan in 2009, and indeed in supporting the Times Square bomber. So we applaud the actions that the Pakistanis have been taking against their domestic terrorism threat, even as we call upon them to take more robust action against those groups that threaten their neighbors.    Mr. Olson. Well, my understanding, Madam Chair, is that the total number referred to several different projects, including the rehabilitation of the Sheberghan gas fields, some of which were funded through, I believe, through USAID, but much of which was funded actually through the Department of Defense and the TFBSO operations.    I was involved in this when I was in Afghanistan, and I think we would have to get you a more detailed breakdown for a response.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Ranking Member Deutch. With regard to numbers, I think I will have to get back to you on that. Our understanding is that it accords with yours, that Afghans have represented a significant number of refugees that have shown up in Europe.    I think it is worth noting that our impression, and we don't have hard numbers, but certainly our impression is that many of them are actually coming from other countries than Afghanistan. In other words, they are coming from countries where they have been resident for some period of time. But that is not to suggest that there aren't ultimately some Afghan causes for this.    I think the downturn in the economy, the transition, the economic transition that accompanied the security transition in 2014 is still being felt. We have been at a diplomatic level very supportive of our European allies' approaches to the Afghan Government to see if there are ways that we can assist. The Europeans are seeking arrangements for the return of those who don't qualify for refugee status, and we are supportive of that.    And, of course, ultimately I think this highlights the importance of continuing engagement on the development side with Afghanistan to strengthen the Afghan economy so that it can absorb the population coming on the market.    Mr. Olson. Well, if I may, Congressman, I think these are excellent questions. And I think we are still in the process of working with our European allies to identify what exactly the nature of these movements are. I mean, obviously the immediate response, and this is outside of our purview here, but has been to be supportive of our European friends and allies. I know my boss, Secretary Kerry, is extraordinarily focused on this topic. But I think these questions probably do require a greater degree of analysis and beyond the immediate sort of crisis management we need to be thinking about how we can respond.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And let me say that we share your sense of outrage with regard to the plight of Dr. Afridi. I can assure you that we have raised this issue at the very highest levels of our Government. It has been the subject of very direct conversations. We have requested the release of Dr. Afridi, and we continually request updates on his health and his status.    So far, I have to say we have not--those result--those approaches have not yielded any results, but we will continue to raise them. There are already conditions, as you know, on assistance. And we make the point to our Pakistani colleagues that the very strong sentiment on Capitol Hill in particular, which is completely shared by the administration.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. With regard to the question of the Panama Papers, we actually would not, the administration would not have any comment on these allegations that have surfaced. Globally, of course, we are in favor of greater financial transparency. With regard to corruption efforts in Pakistan, there have been, I think, an uptick in anticorruption efforts, particularly in conjunction with some of the military operations that have been taking place in the settled areas of Pakistan. There was a strong anticorruption drive in Karachi at the same time that there were operations to round up miscreants.    These are primarily conducted by the National Accountability Bureau, and, of course, as long as these investigations are done in accordance with due process, the U.S. Government is supportive, and we do have some links with the National Accountability Bureau. I think I would probably defer to my colleague, Larry, if he had anything to say on the assistance piece.    Mr. Olson. Well, Congressman, first of all, let me say that your message has been received loud and clear, and we will indeed convey it as we have conveyed it, to the Pakistanis on Dr. Afridi. I would just respectfully suggest to you that our assistance program is crafted to advance our national interests.    Mr. Olson. Well, first of all, our Consulate in Karachi is tracking this closely but with the full support of our Embassy in Islamabad----    Mr. Olson. Yeah. The Laghari case we have raised at the provincial level, and----    Mr. Olson. No, sir, I have not engaged on them.    Mr. Olson. Congressman, we believe that all of the programs, again that we are talking about, are in our national interests, and we have to balance the national security interests of the United States and----    Mr. Olson. We have long had concerns about the fact that despite Pakistan having a stated policy of not discriminating between terrorist groups in the application of that policy, they have, in fact, not moved against actors that threaten their neighbors. And we have raised this with them very directly, and we share the concerns that have been expressed about the Haqqani Network and also about Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, and other groups.    Mr. Olson. Thank you very much, Congressman. First of all, with regard to the question of visas, privacy laws prohibit us from commenting on the details of any particular consular application, but I can tell you that First Vice President Dostum is reported to have decided not to travel to the United States in order to remain in Afghanistan to deal with the security situation, especially in the----    Mr. Olson. Congressman, with regard to Vice President Dostum, we are certainly well aware of the historic role that he has played, and let me assure you that we do treat the Vice President, as the First Vice President of Afghanistan with all the respect that his office carries. And we are in touch with him at the appropriate level. As I say, I cannot comment on the particulars of the status of the visa because of Privacy Act considerations.    With regard to Pakistan, as I have said, I think Pakistan is at a strategic crossroads, and I think it needs to make a choice. It has been helpful to the United States and the international community in trying to bring the Taliban to the table for reconciliation talks, but the Taliban have rejected that. And our view is that the Taliban need to face the consequences of their decision. So it does seem to me that Pakistan right now has some very serious challenges and difficult decisions to make.    Mr. Olson. Thank you. Thank you, Congressman Bera. Let me first say, as you mentioned in your opening remarks, we greatly appreciate the approximately $2 billion that India has invested in Afghanistan in development assistance. I wanted to let you know that I traveled to Delhi about a month ago myself and briefed, along with General Nicholson joined me, and we briefed on the situation in Afghanistan with regard to the security situation, and also development, and reconciliation, Afghan reconciliation.    I think that it would be particularly helpful, and we made this point, to Indian Government officials if India were able to participate in some of the development conferences that are taking place later this year, especially the Brussels. The EU-hosted Brussels Development Conference focused on the development of Afghanistan, focusing on the years 2018 to 2020, and I think the Indian Government is considering that right now. In our view, it would be a useful way for them to get some credit for what they are, in fact, already doing.    In terms of regional connectivity, absolutely the U.S. Government favors, and the administration favors, everything we can do to promote regional connectivity. As you note, APTTA has so far been a bilateral agreement between Afghanistan and Pakistan. We have been very focused on the implementation of that agreement. There has been some discussion of extending that to Tajikistan. I think that Pakistan has signalled that it is not prepared to extend that to India at this point. But, of course, we as a matter of policy favor regional connectivity all across the region.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman. I would say a rough order of magnitude would be the Afghans raise about $2 billion a year in terms of government revenues. This has actually been improving of late. The Finance Minister has made it an essential effort of his administration to improve revenue collection, and he has won high marks from the IMF and the international financial institutions generally for undertaking that.    But as you correctly point out, there is a shortfall in terms of what we are planning for for the Warsaw and Brussels Conferences, the Warsaw NATO Conference and the EU Brussels Development Conference. We think that funding the Afghan National Security Forces will require about $4 billion a year for----    Mr. Olson. The $2 billion they raise is revenues.    Mr. Olson. Total revenues of all government operations, of which they devote, I believe, about $500 million to the Afghan National Security Forces. They devote another $200 million to the National Directorate of Security, which also plays a critical role in the defense of Afghanistan, and in their accounting they would count that as a defense cost, so that is about $700 million.    And then the remaining $1.3 billion, roughly somewhat less than that, is what they use to fund the civilian, the government. The shortfall, if we want to call it that, would be on the military side, about $4 billion a year, and on the civilian side, about $3 billion a year. So going into Warsaw and Brussels, our position is that we would like the donors to contribute at or near their current levels of funding to accommodate the need to fund----    Mr. Olson. Principally for Warsaw, it is primarily NATO, NATO allies, and some partners, including Japan, contributes significantly to certain security measures, in addition to NATO allies.    On the civilian development side, it is a combination of obviously the international financial institutions, World Bank, the IMF, but also the European Union is a very significant donor. The EU and all the EU member states together probably at or perhaps slightly exceed our contribution.    Mr. Olson. It would be roughly, you know, in terms of the targets, it would be about 1 billion each for the years going forward, but I would have to get back to you with specific percentages.    Mr. Olson. Congressman, the President has been very clear that we will have 9,800 troops through this fighting season and a residual force of 5,500 by the beginning of next year. It will, of course, be up to the incoming administration to make decisions about future troop levels.    Mr. Olson. Well, I think that the President's decision to extend 9,800 troops through the fighting season, and maintain a residual force of 5,500 has had a very stabilizing effect on the region. I think there is a great concern on the part of Afghans and in the region more broadly that the United States would disengage from the region.    I think Mr. Sherman talked earlier in his opening remarks about the legacy of the 1990s when the United States did disengage, and that is I think one of the contributing factors to the rise of the Taliban and ultimately to our own great losses on September 11 of 2001. I think there is a great deal of anxiety in the region about the potential of U.S. and NATO departure, and so the President's decision to keep forces in place I think has done a lot to assuage those concerns.    Mr. Olson. Thank you very much, Congressman. First of all, just I would provide a little bit of an update. As you may have read, the man who killed Governor Taseer was recently executed by the Pakistani authorities. The Supreme Court upheld the death penalty in the case of Qadri, and I think this was seen as a, widely interpreted in Pakistan, as a signal of resolute opposition obviously to vigilantism and to those who would take the law into their own hands. There were protests, but the protests at the execution of Qadri, but they have not been successful.    I think it illustrates the divide in Pakistan. There are a lot of people in Pakistan who see things the way we do and share your concern. I think that they are feeling a bit more emboldened now by some of the actions by the Pakistani Supreme Court to limit the abuse of blasphemy laws and to also extend fuller protection of law to religious minorities. So this is very much a work in progress, but I think there are a lot of people who think of these things the way we do, and I think we need to do everything possible to encourage them as we do.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman Perry. Iran has by and large played a constructive goal with regard to Afghanistan, and we would encourage them to continue to play a constructive role. There have been some press indications that because of their concern about the emergence of Daesh in Afghanistan, they may be tempted to support the Taliban against Daesh. We think that would be a mistake, and we would encourage the Iranians to continue to support the Government of Afghanistan, which, of course, is taking action against both Daesh, ISIS, and the Taliban.    Mr. Olson. Congressman, there have been some press reports suggesting that they are thinking about supporting the Taliban against Daesh. We think that that would be counterproductive and mistaken.    Mr. Olson. Yes, I would consider it an insurgent group, yes.    Mr. Olson. I think this is a subject that would probably require us to be in a different setting to really have a thorough discussion of this topic, but I would just say as a matter of policy, we would encourage the Iranians to focus their energies on supporting the Government of Afghanistan.    More broadly, I think what we would want to see from the neighbors of Afghanistan in general is three things: Its support for the territorial integrity and sovereignty of Afghanistan and the idea that there will be no restoration of the Islamic emirate of Afghanistan, that is the Taliban, but a recognition, of course, of the Islamic nature of Afghanistan; and, thirdly, the idea that the only way and the best way to resolve conflicts in Afghanistan is through negotiation and the peace process.    Mr. Olson. I really cannot discuss it in this forum, sir.    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Congressman. Pakistan has actually been a good partner to Afghanistan and to us in the search for an Afghan-led and Afghan-owned reconciliation process. We have been partners in the so-called quadrilateral process, which involves the United States, China, Afghanistan, and Pakistan, which has called for several times direct, face-to-face negotiations between the Taliban and the Afghan Government in a publicly acknowledged process.    Unfortunately, the Taliban have refused to come to the table, so it is our view that they should face the consequences of that decision. We have long expressed our concerns to the Pakistanis about their reluctance to go after terrorists that threaten their neighbors with the same degree of assiduousness that they go after their own terrorists, and we think that they are at a moment of needing to make a very strategic and fundamental choice.