    Mr. Yoho. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it.    I appreciate you all being here today.    And it is disheartening to see that we are losing our influence with our closest allies, our closest countries, and that China is kicking our rear end again.    And I wanted to ask you, before I ask any questions, Dr. Dussel Peters, I am glad to hear you say that the TPP really wouldn't help the area. It would be us negotiating a strong trade agreement with all of Latin America. And you would agree with that?    Mr. Yoho. Okay.    And then the other thing is what I see as a stale relationship, it is like a relationship between people, the United States and Latin America, it has become stale. We need to revitalize that. And from what I have heard from you, it is from a lack of engagement. And I know after 9/11 there was a cause for that, but we need to move on. And we need to reinvest in our closest allies before other people.    And I think we need to restate the Monroe Doctrine. I think that is something that we need to stand for what the Western Hemisphere stands for. Because what we have seen over the course of the last 20 years is a slip or a slide into socialism. They are lining up with Iran. They are lining up with Russia and China. And we are losing that influence.    And what I wanted to ask you is, why is that, and what has caused that? Is it because America, our country, meddles too much in telling other countries how to live, the kind of rule of law they should have, and our ideologies? And I know China doesn't do that as much. They kind of just go with the flow and invest in the infrastructures.    What are your thoughts on that, Dr. Ellis? Are we meddling too much in telling people how to live?    Mr. Yoho. I am glad they find that.    Mr. Yoho. And I am glad you brought that up because what I have seen in other countries, especially in Africa and some of the other countries, China puts money into there, but then they suck the resources off and they leave. You are not getting a Chinese company. You are getting the Chinese government, their military, their secret service, and all that in one. It is not a Chinese company. I mean, it is a facade. We have seen that over and over again and we know that for a fact.    But I have to give them credit. They are making headway. They go in there and they get the trace minerals, the rare earth minerals, and they are smart at doing that. And we need to tighten up our strategy and our foreign policy.    Let me ask you, does the OAS, are they courting the Chinese? Are they shunning us, Ms. Joseph-Harris?    Mr. Yoho. Yeah, sure. You have got a minute and 18 seconds.    Mr. Yoho. Ms. Myers, do you have anything you want to add into that? Did I catch you off guard?    Mr. Yoho. I appreciate everybody's answers.    Mr. Chairman, thank you for the opportunity.