    Ms. Franklin. Thank you, Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Polis. I appreciate very much the opportunity to testify before the Committee today on behalf of the American Benefits Council, of which Hallmark is a member.    Briefly, Hallmark is a family owned $3.5 billion company, and as you have acknowledged, mostly in the greeting card business and other social expression products. We have about 5,000 benefits eligible employees and another 2,000 retirees who are eligible for our programs.    Our culture strongly reflects the family ownership. Our CEO is third generation. The average number of years of service at Hallmark is 18 years. We are very planful and careful as we offer these programs to our employees.    I want to start our conversation today focusing on our wellness programs. Hallmark has a very long, rich history of commitment to employee wellness. Hallmark even has a subsidiary company that helps other companies develop their wellness strategy and communication.    Our founder, J.C. Hall, started healthy onsite food services in 1923. That tradition continues to this day. In 1956, we opened an onsite medical facility which provided employees convenience and extra care for support.    These programs have evolved, and today, the Hallmark Health Rewards Program is a program that rewards Hallmark employees with points to be redeemed for gift cards, health care premium credits, and HSA contributions for participating in activities that encourage doing the right thing, getting a routine physical, attending onsite health seminars, et cetera.    I next want to focus a little bit on what I believe has been an innovative approach to our health care strategy. In January 2015, Hallmark joined the Aon private exchange. This was a strategic decision. As Hallmark evaluated its role in health care, we adopted an approach of educating our employees about their choices and how to make decisions to best meet their individual needs.    The complexities of health care, the significant changes, and the ever growing costs of health care benefits, resulted in Hallmark seeking this innovative approach.    We had grown frustrated with increasing deductibles and employee premiums, and sought an approach that leveraged market competition between carriers, simplified programs, and could change the dynamics of health care.    The new approach allows carriers to develop services to compete in a geographic marketplace, standardizes plan design across carriers, and provides our employees with state-of-the-art decision-making tools. We moved from self-funded to a fully insured model as part of this move, which we felt moved risk and accountability to the carriers who are best equipped to manage these complexities.    We are no longer in the middle of increasingly complex decisions regarding formularies, network reimbursements, reference-based pricing, or specific appeals by employees around their coverage. We have left these issues to carriers to structure their best approach and compete for our employees' business.    This model also permits our employees to post public comments about their experiences with the carrier in a true consumer feedback model.    We continue to believe that employers play a critical role in our employees' health care. I want to highlight three specific aspects. First, we provide a significant contribution to their premiums. However, we pay the same funding amount whether an employee chooses the most expensive or the most inexpensive or richest benefit. Employees who choose a gold option pay more, from our standard contribution, employees who choose a less costly bronze plan pay less.    Second, we provide onsite and online education facilities and seminars for our employees, and finally, we provide Aon's ongoing service support to answer employee questions and serve as advocates for employees.    I have described for you the path Hallmark has chosen. We have found that the previous one-size-fits-all approach that put Hallmark in the middle of being a health care delivery expert no longer worked for us. Rather, the private exchange model provides employers with this innovation.    However, and this is very important, it is critical to recognize that our path is not necessarily fit for every employer. While this strategy has been right for Hallmark, other employers may decide that more direct involvement with administration and design of their benefits will result in the innovation they seek.    And finally, I think it is very important to consider the legislative framework that makes possible affordable and meaningful benefits. I know tax issues are not within the jurisdiction of this Committee, but within our written testimony we have highlighted two very important elements.    First, the so-called ``Cadillac tax,'' should be repealed, and we want to commend Congressman Courtney for his leadership in authoring bipartisan legislation to do so, and I want to thank you, Chairman Roe, and those members of the Committee that have co-sponsored repeal legislation.    Finally, I want to mention the tax exclusion and how critical that is. I would be happy to address this during questions as well.    Thank you again for this opportunity.    Ms. Franklin. Thank you, sir, appreciate it.    Ms. Franklin. Well, as I said, our programs are part of our culture. Today, as I sit here, in fact, it is the Hallmark Health Week in Kansas City, and employees are having the opportunity to do onsite biometrics screening and other screenings.    It is an element where, I think, does send a message, that this is part of our culture that we care about our employees. You know, I often get asked, well, are you saving money as a result. I have taken a different approach with that. Of course, when my boss asks me that, I say yes, but I will say what we have focused on is a program that really allows our employees who do the right thing to reduce their health care costs through these rewards.    So, when you get a physical and you get a paycheck credit for doing that, it creates the incentive that we think is good behavior for employees to do that.    You are right, Congressman. The myriad of legislation does create a minefield for us to work through, whether it is EEOC, whether it is GINA, whether it is other elements of this that has created that.    In the end, I think our programs do send a message that we care, and it does send a message that if you do the things that make sense for your health, you will pay less for your health care by these rewards.    Ms. Franklin. I believe so.    Ms. Franklin. Thank you, Congressman. I want to emphasize our program is voluntary, and so the way we encourage, the dollars, the rewards themselves, are the biggest incentive. Our employees can earn up to $400 in a year doing the various activities.    As I said, we try to make it fun. We do challenges, whether it is a thousand or a Walk to the Moon, we did a Walk to the Moon once, and people accumulated steps as part of that. We did Lose a Ton, people came together in teams. That was one of the more exciting ones because I think the prize was a trip somewhere.    It encourages people to have fun, to create networking opportunities within the company.    Ms. Franklin. It has--Thank you, Congressman. It has been a very positive impact to our workforce. It has given employees the opportunity to learn how to determine what health care plans best meet their needs. It is not an one-size-fits-all approach, as I mentioned.    It very much empowers the individual to be part of the process. That has been very, very valuable. It gives our employees choice. They can choose from a variety of national or even local carriers. I think it introduces the opportunity to truly make health care a consumer focused product.    Ms. Franklin. Congressman, could I just tag onto that very, very quickly?    Ms. Franklin. One other element that I think is fundamental in the private exchange is that there are different geographic markets. In our experience when we moved to the exchange, is that not one carrier has the best price everywhere. By having the localities compete, there is an opportunity for better products and cost savings as well.    Ms. Franklin. I would add that decision support tools that are made available also encourage that kind of education as well.    Ms. Franklin. Yes, sir. I pay those bills. It is about $9,500 $9,800 per employee per year.    Ms. Franklin. No, that is just the Hallmark cost.    Ms. Franklin. You know, I do not have that on an average basis because employees can enroll in different levels of coverage. I apologize.    Ms. Franklin. The primary model that Aon has used is a fully insured model. Part of that model is to put the responsibility and accountability to the carriers as they seek innovation in health care.    To your specific question about the growth of this program, I do think--we have seen with our employees coming into the workforce, they value choice, they do not want one-size-fits-all, they appreciate being able to learn and customize a program that meets their needs.