    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I certainly admonish you to listen to the chairman and the ranking member and the other members of this committee who have brought to your attention how serious this committee believes this issue is.    With that, I, too, am going to switch gears. I want to talk to you about a couple of substantive issues related to the President's Climate Action Plan.    Now, under his plan, the EPA has proposed two major rules on existing power plants and on new power plants. These rules affect listed species.    Now, let's go to the Endangered Species Act, where any Federal agency that carries out a discretionary action that may affect a listed species or critical habitat must consult with either the Fish and Wildlife Service or NOAA Fisheries. The threshold is really low. It is any possible effect, including insignificant or beneficial effects. That is what triggers the consultation requirement in the Endangered Species Act.    Now, let's turn back to the existing-source rule. The EPA just summarily concluded that the rule would have no effect on any listed species. In the new-source rule, the EPA did not even address compliance with the Endangered Species Act.    My question is this: Will EPA consider whether its proposed new-source rule may affect any listed species or critical habitat?    Mrs. Lummis. Well, I hope that obligation includes a consultation. Because, with regard to the existing-source rule, every model EPA has released projects that multiple coal-fired power units will close if the rule is implemented. Now, among those are Big Bend Power Station and Crystal River Power Plant in Florida.    Now, according to the Fish and Wildlife Service's Florida manatee recovery plan and a USGS study, the warm water that is provided by these plants is crucial to the existence of the Florida manatee. The plan states that about two-thirds of the manatees in Florida rely on these warm-water discharges for protection from the cold. The plan states that alterations to power plants will significantly affect the manatees' ability to survive cold temperatures.    Many of the power plants in Florida even have manatee protection plans imbedded in their Federal Clean Water Act permits for water discharges. Now, that includes, like, Big Bend and others. The operator of Big Bend Power Station, Tampa Electric Company, has advised the Public Service Commission in Florida that your existing-source rule will force the company to shut down Big Bend.    How did the EPA conclude that its existing-source rule will have no effect on endangered species if the EPA's own modeling and the Tampa Electric Company have both concluded that the rule will shut down generating units at this plant and eliminate the warm-water refuge for manatees?    Mrs. Lummis. Have you ever contacted the Fish and Wildlife Service with regard to the possible effects of the two power plant rules on endangered----    Mrs. Lummis. Do you know if anyone else in the Agency has?    Mrs. Lummis. Would you please provide to this committee information on whether and who, if anyone, contacted the Fish and Wildlife Service with regard to the possible effects of the two power plant rules on endangered and threatened species?    Mrs. Lummis. We will go now to the existing-source rule. What is the basis for finding no effect on the manatee under the existing-source rule? The overwhelming evidence is to the contrary.    Mrs. Lummis. Would you provide to this committee also the basis for a decision?    Mrs. Lummis. Thank you, Ms. McCarthy.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.