    Mr. Poe. I am over here on the far right. Let me ask you some questions. Thank you all for being here.    Professor Blackman, thank you also for being here. South Texas, I couldn't get into South Texas, but I am glad you are here.    Mr. Poe. Tell Professor Treece hello. He and I are contemporaries. It is quite a tribute to him or credit to him the school has him.    Let us assume these hypotheticals. Being from law schools, law professors love hypotheticals, so let us talk hypotheticals.    The next President, whoever it is, decides, ``I am going to postpone the individual mandate in Obamacare indefinitely.'' So be it. Issue a memo out to the fruited plain.    The next President decides, ``I am going to postpone the implementation of EPA regulations indefinitely throughout fruited plain.'' Sends out a memo.    ``I have decided that in all fairness, some people just should not have to pay income tax. So I am going to tell the IRS not to enforce the IRS Code to a certain, specific group of people that I think just shouldn't have to pay income tax.'' Memo out to the fruited plain.    And we could go on indefinitely, indefinitely.    If everything stands like it is with the courts, the President, executive issues, orders, is this a possibility that these types of executive memos from future executives may just happen?    Mr. Poe. I want to reclaim my time, Professor. I only asked you the time. I didn't ask you to tell me how to make a watch. I mean that kindly, only because we have so little time, understand.    My question was, those hypotheticals that I gave you, are those real possibilities, if everything stands the way it is, that the next future executive, in good faith, faithfully executing the law, the IRS Code, says it is just not fair that everybody has to pay this income tax of 39 percent or whatever it is? It is waived for those people.    Or the EPA, it is too big of a burden out there on Americans to have to comply with the EPA regs. We will give them a pass. It is just not fair.    That was my question, and the answer is, it is a possibility.    Mr. Poe. One more question. One more question, if that is permitted by the Chair.    What if the same scenario exists, and you have a State Governor who decides that, as the executive of the State, that the Constitution empowers him or her to waive Federal law or Federal regulations, that it is his discretion or her discretion of the Governor, executive order, send out a memo to the State of whatever. I didn't say Texas, but it could be. Just ignore this Federal rule by a regulatory agency under the idea that the executive, whoever it is in the State, has the same authority.    Mr. Poe. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Poe. I am out of time. I yield back to the Chair.