    Dr. Lacy. Chairman Davis, Ranking Member DelBene, distinguished Committee Members, I am grateful for the opportunity to represent the University of Georgia College of Agricultural and Environmental Sciences, and all land-grant universities across the nation to talk about the intrinsic value and vital role public university research plays in keeping American agriculture strong, our economy growing, and the world adequately nourished.    I want to specifically thank Congressman Austin Scott, one of the University of Georgia's most distinguished alumni, for his support. He is a tremendous advocate for agriculture.    All agricultural research is important, however, in this brief testimony, it will be best for me to focus on my area of expertise; poultry science. Nowhere else is agricultural research so open and readily accessible to farmers and consumers as it is in the United States. This unique quest for and application of new information relevant to agriculture is directly attributable to our land-grant university system. The land-grant model, coupled with USDA-ARS form a powerful combination that is the envy of the world in its effectiveness at addressing the critical needs of food production.    A great example of that land-grant USDA collaboration can be seen in UGA and USDA efforts to address the threat of avian influenza. Earlier this year, the U.S. faced a renewed threat to our food security as AI spread through 21 western and central states, resulting in the loss of over 50 million birds, including 16 percent of the nation's egg-producing flocks. As waterfowl that carry the AI virus migrate south this fall, the threat of this disease intensifies. Because of the sheer size of the poultry industry in Georgia, a serious outbreak in our state would be devastating to our economy, and would impact the entire U.S. food supply. We have been conducting intensive programs to help producers strengthen biosecurity procedures to protect their poultry flocks. Our scientists have worked tirelessly on research related to response plans, humane euthanasia methods, composting mass-mortalities, in the event of a catastrophic AI outbreak.    The USDA Southeast Poultry Research Laboratory in Athens, Georgia, is recognized as one of the leading poultry disease research facilities in the world. The work done there is of a measurable importance to the health of the nation's poultry flocks. The need for funding, recommended to expand the research facilities at SEPRL, is strategic and vital, as the serious consequences of the current AI situation vividly highlight.    In concert with the biosecurity efforts focused on poultry producers, UGA 4-H is piloting a program with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to teach biosecurity principles to even our youngest citizens, helping them better understand and prevent disease transmission.    Continuing this poultry health theme, interest in minimizing the use of pharmaceuticals has spurred research at UGA on novel ways to protect poultry from diseases such as coccidiosis. Non-disease-causing variants of the protozoa that cause this disease have been isolated, that allow poultry to develop resistance without contracting the actual disease. These variants have been employed to produce an effective vaccine now used extensively by poultry producers.    Ag engineers and poultry scientists at UGA teamed up to address the serious problem of heat stress in fast-growing meat-type chickens. This work resulted in the development of ventilation and cooling systems which have eliminated both heat-related mortality and stunted growth during the hot summer months.    I could list scores and scores of additional research projects that have had significant impact in poultry genetics, nutrition, food safety, et cetera, but in the final minute I have, allow me to call attention to the recent National Academy of Sciences report titled, The Critical Role of Animal Science Research in Food Security and Sustainability. This report details the important accomplishments of animal agriculture research, and documents the alarmingly small amount of USDA funding focused on animal agriculture, relative to its economic importance and future expectations. As this report concludes, the need for additional investment in animal agriculture research is critical.    I do wish to thank the Committee for authorizing the extension of the Animal Health Research and Disease Section 1433 Program. Full funding of the 1433 Program is still needed. A well-thought-out research blueprint has been established. The animal agriculture research community and industry counterparts came together in 2012 and identified research priorities which were published in the Farm Animal Integrated Research report, FAIR 2012. We are prepared to meet the challenges facing the future of animal agriculture when research funding is available.    Again, I sincerely thank the Committee for your interest in and support of agriculture research. That support is never taken for granted. Thank you for the foresight you have in regard to providing the investment required to make the advancements needed to assure food security for a growing global population.    Dr. Lacy. Go Dogs.    Dr. Lacy. Thank you. The avian influenza is a disease that has been around, I think it was identified in the early 1900s, and we have had outbreaks of avian influenza in the United States. I remember in Virginia and Pennsylvania in the 1980s, and Texas a few years ago. But our industry is so sophisticated and so on top of being able to diagnose avian influenza that we are able to stamp it out quickly in the past. This particular year we weren't able to stamp it out as we have in the past. It caught us by surprise. So our efforts have been to educate growers, to educate the industry on the seriousness of the present situation, and to redouble our biosecurity efforts to try to keep the virus from entering the commercial chicken houses, commercial chicken production.    Other diseases that cause us problems in poultry production are, actually, mostly respiratory diseases, as avian influenza is; infectious bronchitis, laryngotracheitis, those are two particular diseases. Those we can control by vaccine. Avian influenza, because of trade implications, we have chosen not to vaccinate for avian influenza in the United States.    Dr. Lacy. Another really good question, and again, the importance of that Southeast Poultry Research Laboratory in Athens, Georgia. They have been able to determine that this particular variant of the avian influenza virus is different than what we have encountered before. Like the human flu virus, it is a flu virus, it changes each year. So this particular strain of high-path avian influenza is unusual, it is definitely more of a problem in our turkey and layer flocks than what we have experienced before, and I think that that coupled with the fact that we haven't had an avian influenza outbreak in some time, again, caught us a little bit by surprise.    Dr. Lacy. We are--it is amazing in Georgia, and I can't speak for other states, but the response there has been superb. The response of all state agencies; USDA, CDC, and our state's Department of Natural Resources, Department of Agriculture, Environmental Protection, all of those agencies have come together, FEMA, come together to plan for a worst case scenario that we hope never happens, but the amount and the effectiveness of that state and Federal collaboration has been amazing.    Mr. Yoho.--how these researchers are doing the research, and then these groups are going after them, making them look like the devil not even in disguise. And they are squashing the researchers' desire to go out and do that.    Let me move on to something else. Dr. Lacy, you were talking about the vaccines that we are not using for avian influenza. I am a veterinarian by trade. I have been around ag pretty much my whole life. Are you guys doing anything in conjunction with NIH about the avian influenza or--not the avian influenza, but the DNA recombinant vaccines that are multivalent? They are using a fraction of the inside cell code to glycoprotein to produce that. Are we working on that with the avian species?    Dr. Lacy. There are veterinarians that are working on that. The issue with trade is that if you vaccinate a chicken for avian influenza, you can't really tell whether----    Dr. Lacy. I am not aware of any. There should be if there is not. But, in addition to saving lives, one of the great things about genetically modified organisms and biotechnology is the decreased impact that we have had on the environment----    Dr. Lacy. Didn't want to jump in too quickly. We are very grateful to the support that the Agriculture Committee has given to research through formula funds and through competitive research. And I mentioned the Section 1433 funding. We were really grateful that that was authorized at $5 million. We were hoping that maybe, if there were more research funds available in the future, that that might jump up to $10 million in the future. And there is a formula there where a certain percentage of that goes to formula funds, and then the rest goes to competitive funds. That would be a huge help to that shortfall in animal agriculture research.    Mr. Yoho.--and IFAS, we are very proud of what we get and the research they do, but yet if there is a better mechanism where we think outside of the box about how we can get the money to the researchers and take that research again to the marketplace, if you have thoughts on that, feel free to contact our office or anybody on the Agriculture Committee.    The other thing is biosecurity research, this is something--there are a lot of people that don't like our lifestyles of liberty and freedom and it is something with the conflicts going on in the world and the unstable political structure of today's world that we have always have to be vigilant about that. Are you guys doing research on somebody contaminating our water supply or our food supply, grain elevators, is there any active research--anybody doing that, and if not, is that something you would be interested in doing, sounds like crickets.    Dr. Lacy. We--this is something that we have thought long and hard about after 9/11, and there were meetings and studies done in terms of trying to identify those critical industries in Georgia, and I am sure across the country, that needed to be protected, that we needed to think about what we would do from a security standpoint. And in Georgia, the poultry industry was definitely one of those things that we took a long, hard look at. I don't think that there have really been any research studies done that I am aware of. It has been more on the practical side, trying to determine where the weaknesses were in those security issues and address those.