    Mr. Stokes. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Members of the Subcommittee. It's an honor and privilege to be able to have this opportunity to come and present before you today.    I'd like to make three points. The testimony should be able to speak for itself, and I can provide more details in the question-and-answer session. But I'd like to make three points to sort of emphasize various aspects of developments in China's space capabilities.    Number one, it's important to draw upon and augment what Mr. Shea mentioned about the difficulty between distinguishing military capabilities and civilian capabilities in China's space program, and this is part of a conscious policy referred to these days as military-civilian fusion--MCF for short. There is a long history behind military-civilian fusion dating back perhaps to the 1980s. Dong Zhou Ping, he had a 16-character slogan in which military programs or military projects or civilian projects and investments were intended to support each other with the military taking priority. The term previously was referred to in English as integration so the military integration, not military-civilian fusion, presumably to imply a greater degree of cooperation between the two sectors.    It is difficult to distinguish military and civilian programs but one can at least make an attempt to identify an end user or sponsor, in other words, who is actually managing the program. There are some aspects of China's space program that are managed by civilian organizations, and then there are some military end users. This was not always the case. When China embarked upon their space program in the beginning, there was very much of even more of a blurring. Over the last decade or 10, 15 years, there's been an increasing effort with PLA developing dedicated military systems, particularly, for example, remote sensing programs, and there also of course are other organizations, civilian organizations, that have their own systems, say, for example, there's an ocean organization under the state council that's important. But, you know, part of this has to do with both spin-on and spin-off capabilities in space.    The second point I'd like to make is related to technological progresses being made, particularly in the research, development and acquisition system. This is probably where China has made the most significant achievements, not necessarily in the technology itself but in the ability to mobilize resources and to organize in a very progressive and reasonable fashion in terms of increasing capabilities.    As mentioned in the written testimony, there is sort of a stage-phase pathway to fielding systems ranging from preliminary research or basic research to concept development, to engineering, research and development, then all the way up to testing and then fielding. It's important to understand where each individual program is in the cycle to get a feel for how far along that they are. There's a pretty wide body of information that outlines the various programs all the way from satellites, remote sensing satellites, communication satellites, guidance navigation satellites, significant increasingly diverse set of launch vehicles that are being fielded to include starting last year a solid-fuel launch vehicle, one of their first to be deployed and operationalized. There's significant investments in the counter-space systems to include the ability to be able to track and surveil space assets, and of course, the manned space program. So there are significant capabilities that are being developed in this field.    There are three goals, to put it simply, in my view. One of the key goals of course is political, political legitimacy. One has to remember that ultimately the People's Republic of China is a one-party system, that the Chinese Communist Party seeks legitimacy in various ways and which the space program is certainly one of these. There are military goals, and again, there's a wide body of literature that outlines these goals and capabilities. And then there are economic goals as well.    And then finally, directly addressing the issue of the Space Race. It's difficult to define exactly what the Space Race is, and it's not even clear if we're even competing or we even view space as an area of competition with the People's Republic of China. And there may be different playing fields. For example, the political playing field, I think, is significant. But regardless from a technology perspective, Beijing and authorities in Beijing are closing the technology gap. It's my view that the United States technologically is likely to maintain advantage, bearing in mind that I'm not an expert on U.S. space systems, given the United States makes proper investments in our space capabilities.    In terms of future and goals in terms of what the United States should do in order to understand this better, in terms of defining what the competition would be, there's technological aspects. There's the ability to be able to apply capabilities that are being deployed, and then some comparison of the ability to mobilize resources in terms of personnel, budgets, and then organization.    And with that, I will save the rest of my comments for the question-and-answer session.    Mr. Stokes. The short answer, it's possible, but I would recommend doing it very, very carefully.    Mr. Stokes. Yes, you did, sir. When you say space race, it implies a competition and it implies that we're aware of a competition. I just don't see that there's that much of an awareness, at least on the U.S. side.    Mr. Stokes. Very briefly. One of the reasons why the United States chose to compete against the Soviet Union, the former Soviet Union, in the 1950s, 1960s, 1970s is--part of the explanation is that it was viewed as part of a broader competition in terms of legitimacy, that between that of a Marxist Lenin or the Soviet Communist Party and then free and open society, democracy, the United States. I would argue that the Chinese Communist Party should be viewed in a similar light, and that's just in terms of legitimacy, and that's just one of many, many reasons, I think.    Mr. Stokes. Sir, when you mentioned quantum satellites, I mean, it goes way over my head.    Mr. Stokes. But in general, my understanding is that the end user of the sponsoring organization based in Shanghai under the China Academy of Sciences ostensibly civilian. It's experimental in nature. What the--I think it's safe to assume that it has military applications as well related to encryption and other aspects of military capabilities but it's something we should watch very carefully, and I'll leave it there.    Mr. Stokes. If I can make two quick points. First of all, as previously discussed, I wouldn't automatically rule out cooperation in certain aspects of space. I would advocate looking at our relationship with the People's Republic of China for a much broader perspective in terms of competitive sense, that is, a competition in universal values and a competition in principles. From that perspective, there may be areas of cooperation, and if there are areas of cooperation, they should be done from the perspective of how it creates leverage for the United States in terms of our fundamental interests and our fundamental values. That's the first one.    The second point is, there are other areas of which I'm not--I don't sense that we are really competing and China is making heavy investments. It's in an area--I'm not sure how one would describe it--but near space. That's that domain between, let's say, 20 kilometers in altitude and perhaps 100 kilometers in altitude. Normally it's an area to get through, for example, in terms of returning through the atmosphere to get back to Earth, but this is an area where they're making significant investments including the establishment of dedicated research institutes in the defense industry both in terms of precision--long-range precision strike weapons systems as well as reconnaissance systems able to linger in that particular domain.    Mr. Stokes. If I can just draw one thread that you put out. You mentioned about the United States using Russian launch vehicles for some of our satellites and space programs. Of course, I think it's well known that we formerly did both satellites to the People's Republic of China and also licensed some of our companies to be able to use Chinese launch vehicles in terms of delivering payloads into space. That was restricted in 19--let's call it 1996, and if I'm not mistaken, it continues to be restricted until today. I mean, this is something that every once in a while it's raised again in terms of allowing the licensing of U.S. satellites and in terms of sales of satellites and also allowing U.S. companies to contract launch vehicle providers. The main restrictions that requires, if I'm not mistaken, a munitions license and there are restrictions under the 1989 Tiananmen sanctions that exist until today and perhaps for good reason. But that's certainly something that could be looked at again, I suppose. It's not cooperation but it's actually licensing and a technical issue.    Mr. Stokes. If I can take the first hack at it, that was the Motorola program, if I'm not mistaken.    Mr. Stokes. The Iridium, yeah, the Iridium program. In particular, I believe it was certifying their what's called smart dispenser that has direct application, of course, to a MIRV capability, and if you look at the timeline, research and development timelines that match up, it's kind of hard to not conclude that there was a connection.