    Mr. SETTLES. Good morning, Chairman Hardy, Ranking Member Adams, and distinguished members of the Subcommittee. I would like to thank you for the opportunity today to testify on the impacts to small business of the Department of Labor's proposed regulations on overtime. As said, my name is Kevin Settles. I own and operate the Bardenay Restaurants and Distilleries headquartered in Boise, Idaho. I am honored to share the perspective not only of my company but that of the National Restaurant Association as well. I am proud to say that I serve on their board of directors.    My testimony will focus on four areas. One, the time period allowed to evaluate and comment on the proposals. Two, the minimum salary level. Three, the Department's desire to automate and annualized increases to the minimum salary level. And fourth, the potential adjustments to the current duties test.    On issue number one, the time period allowed for comment was inadequate. It would have been helpful to have been allowed more time to review and comment on the proposed rules. The Department of Labor was asked by our association and many others, including the U.S. Small Business Administration, for an extension. In declining, they cited that the listening sessions held prior to the release of the proposed rules made this unnecessary. I, along with other board members and staff from the NRA, participated in one of the listening sessions. While we appreciated the conversation, it was a conversation focused on general ideas. There was too much vague issues in there for us to feel like we truly were allowed to participate and provide input.    Two, the Department's proposed minimum salary level is inappropriate for our industry. The proposed rate of $50,400 per year is a very large step from where we are today, but that is not our only problem with the proposal. We also have problems with the way the comparative salary survey was done. Traditionally, it was based on low income areas in the U.S., and it has now moved to a national average. In addition to moving to a national average, they moved from the 20th percentile of that average to the 40th percentile. This represents an increase of nearly $10,000 higher than what they currently use in California, or $15,000 higher than in New York. If that is high for them, think about areas like mine in the U.S. It means that we will not be able to take advantage of the exempt salary status. This status was originally created to allow for above average fringe benefits, greater job security, and better opportunities for advancement. The ability for me to delineate programs and perks by salaried versus nonsalaried status has been a great tool and a great benefit for my employees. Setting a minimum rate that is inappropriate for entry level managers in rural areas in our country will end up reducing the benefits available to them.    On the third issue, automatic salary level increases, we think it will only perpetuate bad policy. The Department wants to switch from reviews to resetting the rate internally. We would only learn about the new rates when it is published in the Federal Register. No notice, no comment, no compliance with the Regulatory Flexibility Act. The Department is charged with regular review and updating of the minimum salary. They acknowledge that they have not done this for too long, and we agree, but they cite overall agency workload. Really? They are willing to put a key task for the Department on autopilot at the expense of America's employers and employees because they are too busy? This change would increase the likelihood that more employees would fail to qualify every year. One analysis that the National Restaurant Association has reviewed indicates that if just one quarter of the salaried workforce moved to hourly, in five years, the 40th percentile salary level would be in excess of $72,000 per year. If half were to move, by 2020, the rate would be nearly $96,000.    The fourth issue is adjustments to the duties test are not necessary and should be avoided. In 2004, the Department optimized the duties test to reflect the realities of the modern economy. The Department now says that this may have been a mistake. Our industry disagrees. Our managers need to have a hands-on approach to ensure that our operations run smoothly. Particularly alarming in this issue is the references in the documents to California's over 50 percent qualitative requirements. This reference increase our concerns that the Department may decide to enact changes without any comment period.    In closing, I would like to state that we are not against increasing the salary threshold for exempt status but it has to be at a reasonable level. In addition, any future increases need to be subject to the regulatory process. When it comes to the duties test, we cannot emphasize enough that the restaurant industry does not want to see any changes. And finally, from the process standpoint, we believe the Department should have granted at least as much time for review and comment as it did in 2004.    With that, I would like to thank you for this opportunity to testify today, and I look forward to any questions.    Mr. SETTLES. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    You know, for us, the biggest headache my staff, my managers have right now is managing the schedule for the hourly workers, and it has to do with healthcare. I kind of hate to take it that direction but we pay for healthcare for about 65 out of our 200 employees, about half of our employees are half-time. So managing their hours to make sure that they are fully qualified, et cetera. And so when we look at this new regulation, it is just one more headache. Our salaried employees are asked to schedule for 45 hours a week. That is it. We are not here to kill them. We are not here to do anything else. But it gives them the flexibility to manipulate the schedules and work with the schedules. And make sure that we are covered at all hours of the day. That is really their role. And so it allows the single mom that I have that is an assistant manager to come and go and pick up her kid and take him to sporting events and go back and forth. And so that is one scheduling difficulty. We have actually created a new position in our company with three locations that her whole job is to manage the schedule for each department. This is a brand new thing, and it is not to meet the employees' requirements or the needs of the business; it is to make sure we meet all the regulatory requirements of the ACA, and now we are looking at this requirement. So it has gone up tremendously.    Mr. SETTLES. Thank you for the question, Ranking Member Velazquez. You know, I think that it is a robust conversation and some solid proposals that can be looked at. We like the current duties test. We feel in 2004 it was dealt with appropriately, and we would like to see that same sort of process gone through again if there is insistence. We really kind of feel like in this proposal that they did not recommend a change but they threatened a change, and it is either give us this higher amount, which is significantly higher than we are today, or we are going to do this. And we do not feel that is fair. This is supposed to be an open negotiation on the entire package, not just parts and pieces.    Mr. SETTLES. I find it very interesting that there is this constant struggle in America right now to figure out how to get wages up, and I can tell you from personal experience the best way in the world to get wages up is to get unemployment down low. My managers make well above this. My full managers make well above this. It will not affect them at all. It is the people that are learning to be managers. It is the mid-level managers that will get it. Minimum wage, we do not pay that in our state. Three percent unemployment, it gets you wage increases. That is the most effective way I know.    Mr. SETTLES. We do not know.    Mr. SETTLES. You know, can I start by replying to Mr. Eisenbrey's comment about California? I have friends that do business in that state, and they are not happy, and what would the state be if I actually wanted to take my business there? So you have to count the number of businesses that are choosing not to open there because of the regulation.    Secondly, I think that a lot of that, this process came at us fairly quickly. As I said, we had a conversation. When we read the rules we were like, did they pay attention? And we have not had the time to do the analysis. I do not think most people realize, yes, we have the option to keep them at the point they are today and then plus up for every hour that they work. Figure out an overtime rate. Well, to go find the calculator and understand the process and apply it to your staff, and from my standpoint, just figuring out how you get them to be able to clock in and clock out and make sure that they keep track of things, that is not what a salaried position in my business does. They come and go and are there when they are needed, and it may sound stupid, but it is a complexity for them to actually have to start to track their hours. So we sit down at our regular reviews and go, how much do you think you are working? And we are making sure they are not working to death.    I have been open for 16 years. I have a GM that has been there for 15 years. I have a GM that has been there for 13. I have a GM that has been there for nine years, and that almost equals the length I have been open in every place. We are not losing employees because we do not pay enough. And this just changes. It is one of those things that just makes the job a little more irritating. And I will tell you right now, the number one complaint that my managers have is trying to keep track of hours that they did not have to keep track of at this level before. It just used to be just is it overtime or not overtime? Now it is do they get this benefit? Do they get that? Blah, blah, blah.    Mr. SETTLES. Well, you know, if we were to do that, in our industry it would be more part-time employees and people under 30 hours to keep our costs down, and that is really not where we want to be. We have a very complex business that it takes a trained professional to work, and I think people discount how difficult it is to work in the restaurant industry.    Mr. SETTLES. Absolutely.    Mr. SETTLES. Well, it would be the Healthcare Act.