    Mr. Gold. Thank you, Chairman LoBiondo, Ranking Member Larsen, distinguished members of the subcommittee, and excellent subcommittee staff for this opportunity to discuss critical issues facing the FAA AST and the commercial space industry.    My name is Mike Gold, and I am the Chairman of the Commercial Space Transportation Advisory Committee, or COMSTAC, a Federal advisory committee comprised of executives from a wide variety of aerospace corporations.    Before I delve into the challenges and opportunities that the commercial space transportation industry faces, I would like to take a moment, like Dr. Nield, to acknowledge the passing of his predecessor, Patti Grace Smith. Ms. Smith initially appointed me to the COMSTAC and served as the Associate Administrator of Commercial Space Transportation for an unprecedented 11 years. Ms. Smith was a beloved and well respected leader in the commercial space world who fostered an environment of growth, innovation, and cooperation between industry and Government that we are still enjoying today.    It is actually appropriate that I begin my testimony with a reference to Ms. Smith because I first met her at a meeting during which we were attempting to address the issue of private sector operations in low Earth orbit, or LEO. At that meeting, I was told the AST has authority for commercial space transportation launches to orbit as well as reentries from orbit but that no Government agency has authority over private sector operations in or beyond LEO.    Sixteen years later, we have still failed to answer this basic question, and I come before you today begging for a resolution. This problem stems from article VI of the Outer Space Treaty, ratified by the U.S. in 1967, which requires countries to provide authorization and continuing supervision of their private sector space activities. The U.S. signed the Outer Space Treaty, creating an obligation for the continuing supervision of nongovernmental entities, but we failed to craft a mechanism for such supervision to take place.    This created a potential regulatory quagmire that domestic companies are already suffering from. Fortunately, a simple effective solution is available. Congress should, as soon as possible, direct the AST to update its regulations to support a mission licensing process. The mission licensing approach, or some iteration thereof, could mirror the AST's existing payload review procedures and would be limited to requiring only basic information, such as if the payload or planned activity will conform to international treaty obligations or interfere with national security interests.    The requirement for continuing supervision would be explicitly met by inserting a proviso into every mission license for the company to inform the AST if they experience a material change to their activity. This concept would fully address the continuing supervision requirement, via a benign registration-based regime. Even if there were no Outer Space Treaty, establishing a simple, efficient means of registering domestic commercial space activities in and beyond LEO would make sense to prevent potential conjunctions and other forms of harmful interference between domestic and foreign outer space activities. This issue must be resolved, and it must be resolved with alacrity.    In addition to chairing the COMSTAC, I am also a vice president of Washington operations for Space Systems Loral, the world's most prolific commercial satellite manufacturer. As you have seen in the videos, which have been playing in the background, we are about to enter a new era of robotic satellite servicing, wherein satellites are no longer built on Earth and then disposed of, but instead are refueled, refurbished, and enhanced while still in orbit.    This new world of satellite 2.0 will create a revolution in capabilities, impacting every aspect of our daily lives in ways that we cannot now even begin to imagine. However, what I can predict with utter certainty is that the companies and countries that are leaders in satellite servicing and orbital assembly will enjoy an overwhelming competitive edge over nations that have fallen behind.    The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, and NASA each have their own pilot programs to demonstrate satellite servicing. But in order to transition such capabilities to the private sector and to make the U.S. a global leader, more support, programs, and funding are needed, and the Government must not immediately throw up a regulatory roadblock by failing to address article VI's continuing supervision requirement.    Moreover, I would be remiss if I didn't use this opportunity to also raise the COMSTAC's concern over funding shortfalls at the AST. The workload at the AST continues to increase rapidly, far exceeding the relatively meager growth in the AST's budget. Without proper funding, I fear the AST will soon simply run out of bodies to handle their ever increasing workload, resulting in licensing and other administrative delays that could substantially hamper commercial space transportation development and encourage companies to move their operations overseas.    At nearly every COMSTAC meeting, the committee has recommended support for increased AST funding. I cannot think of another example where industry has uniformly and consistently called for increasing funding for a regulatory agency, and this situation is both a tribute to Dr. Nield's leadership as well as a warning sign regarding the dire need for additional resources.    Again, I appreciate this opportunity to testify. I look forward to answering your questions, and I urge the subcommittee to take expeditious action to ensure that in the future, commercial space companies can focus more on launches and less on lawyers.    Mr. Gold. I would love to.    Mr. Gold. And I really appreciate----    Mr. Gold . The question, Congressman. I believe the funding situation is just critical. Congressman DeFazio mentioned safety. It is only a matter of time until safety suffers due to a lack of funding.    I would like to compliment your colleagues, Congressman Bridenstine and Congressman Kilmer, who have fought to at least get the Presidential budget request for the FAA AST this year and match what is in the Senate, but as you have heard from everyone on this panel, the field is expanding, and to just look at launches is a very poor way of judging what the AST needs in terms of resources.    As I said in my testimony, the COMSTAC at every meeting has endorsed the need for more funding. When have you seen companies asking for more funding for their regulators before? If we don't deal with this, I believe the repercussions will be dire not just to safety, but maybe a little less important than safety but still important, is the health of the industry. The AST will be caught in a triage situation where they will probably have to look at activities that involve the Government first and only then look at the private sector funded activities.    This is the exact opposite message that we want to send to entrepreneurs, to innovators who are putting their own money into these projects. So not only for safety but for the competitiveness of America, we must deal with this issue.    Mr. Gold. Thank you, Congressman. And again, I appreciate the point you are making. A good example of what you are referring to is export control regulations. Had export control and ITAR existed for Columbus, he would still be in Europe today.    Mr. Gold. The overbroad and often irrational way that export controls were implemented took America from being the only country that would conduct commercial space launches to often having only one launch per year. Companies would pay millions of dollars to meet burdensome Government requirements that often had almost no relation to reality, protecting parts and components that you could purchase at a Radio Shack instead of actually protecting technologies that warrant it.    So I am very concerned with this topic, but I can assure you that there is no better relationship between industry and a regulator than what we have with the FAA.    I think the group that you are almost referring to is actually the COMSTAC, that we are the backbone with industry that remains, regardless of who is in charge at the FAA AST. I have served with COMSTAC under George's predecessor and George, and the way that Dr. Nield interacts with us, the way that the AST works cooperatively with industry has been tremendous and necessary. As Taber points out, there is great diversity in technologies, and this is not a well understood field, frankly, by Government.    No one knows more about private sector systems than the private sector.    Mr. Gold. And I assure you, Dr. Nield has reached out, as well as his people, to work hand-in-glove with us. If they had not, we would not be here asking for more funding for Dr. Nield, I assure you.    Mr. Gold. And if I could just chime in as well, Congressman. To echo Taber's sentiments, no new frontier has ever been settled without loss of life. It is unfortunate. It is tragic. It has happened before, and I am afraid it will happen again. Again, what Dr. Nield and AST did was not driven by their desire to promote the industry. It was the legislative authority that they were given. This is a decision that Congress has made, the administration has made, and unless that changes, there is nothing more that Dr. Nield can or should do in that arena.    And I believe that we have struck a good balance in this area. The COMSTAC has set up the Standards Working Group, and I would welcome our Vice Chair to say more about what we in industry are doing here. But what remains undone and what I would like to say in response to a previous question about are we behind foreign countries, you have heard many of us talk about this article VI concern of authorization and continuing supervision. Other countries have already dealt with that issue and dealt with it well.    I just recently spoke to some colleagues and friends from the United Arab Emirates who are busy setting up a regime that does bolster and support safety but also creates an environment that is conducive to innovation, to growth. And if the United States can't even deal with this simple fundamental issue of addressing an existing international obligation, well, then where are we as a country?    So rather than looking at the moratorium, which I think we can have a discussion about, this is a near-term question that has to be dealt with with alacrity, and then I think we can continue to investigate a moratorium and look at what the COMSTAC and Commercial Spaceflight Federation and industry as a whole are doing relative to developing industry standards.    Mr. Gold. Congressman, I think it is important to remember just how young this industry is. We don't even know what we don't know, in many instances. There are a great diversity of technologies and approaches. And as Dr. Nield says, and the COMSTAC has been proactive in working with the AST, we need to use this time with the moratorium to figure out what should be done, what can be done. And it is ultimately a balance.    You know, we have international competition here, safety over there, and we have to work together as industry and Government to find that Goldilocks zone where we protect the uninvolved public and protect everyone else, yet don't deter industry. And I think we have had a very collegial and a very productive relationship between AST and Government so far.    Mr. Gold. First, Congresswoman, let me congratulate you and your constituent Bigelow Aerospace and everyone in southern Nevada who worked to get the Bigelow Expandable Activity Module onto the International Space Station. I used to say that Bigelow Aerospace was the biggest gamble in Las Vegas, but no longer.    Mr. Gold. And it is going in a great direction. And congratulations to you.    Again, we have talked a lot about regulatory risk, you know, choking the child in its crib. And I think what you raise is an excellent example of this. Again, we are dealing with a young industry, one that is just leaving the cradle and beginning to walk. And if we suffocate it with regulations, and particularly regulations where we are not able to interact, to have that seat at the table, to provide the advice, because, again, this is not the aviation industry. These are not mature systems that Government officials have great experience and knowledge of. Most of the experience with commercial spaceflight systems remain only in that company itself because they are so unique and so different and so immature at this time.    And part of the reason that you see myself and others in industry be so supportive of Dr. Nield is not only due to his excellent leadership, but Dr. Nield and his predecessors have always had a seat for us at the table. It is part of why I am here at this hearing with the COMSTAC. And any system that does not allow us that insight, that transparency, and that voice, I would strongly be against.