    Dr. Lowenthal. Thank you. First, I applaud Congressman Graves for taking on this issue. There are problems with the fishery. I am just really using this to learn more about it, what the issues really are. I do not consider myself an expert on this. I'd like to work on this. I do have some concerns----    Dr. Lowenthal. Yes, let me come over here. It is on.    I do have concerns--not that I am opposed to the states managing the fisheries. I think we have demonstrated that that does work well in other places. But we need to make sure that--and I need to understand more myself--that we protect all the fishing interests, not just the recreational, that we protect commercial interests, charter interests, and not just cut out the commercial and charter, who have worked so hard.    So, my first question is, what are the major concerns that some of those that oppose this, such as the commercial, why are they concerned about this bill?    Dr. Lowenthal. I am not saying they are real concerns, but it is important for me to understand what the issues are and what people are frightened of?    Dr. Lowenthal. All right. I will wait until the second panel.    Dr. Lowenthal. I appreciate this hearing. It is giving me a chance to learn more about what the critical issues are.    So now, as I understand--and I think Mr. Risenhoover--because we do not have a really accurate way of accountability or measurement of the recreational fishing, they are managed with broad buffers. We manage them and set quotas based upon kind of a buffer system of what we think is available. And you then state, ``Well, we want you to only be able to take a certain percentage of that.'' Is that not correct?    Dr. Lowenthal. Got it.    Dr. Lowenthal. They have gone over in the past?    Dr. Lowenthal. I believe the states--and I believe what I am hearing, again, learning about is that those managing are wanting to have the state fisheries, or the state, have much more control over--believe that their measurement of it is better than--and so that they do not need these buffers.    Is that not true, Mr. Barham? If you had control, or responsibility in the EEZ of, say, recreational fishing, you might not need these buffers because you have better data?    Dr. Lowenthal. Are there other ways, and I am going to ask both of you, of right now requiring, for example, recreational anglers to report all red snapper landings; would requiring that be helpful, as we move forward?    Dr. Lowenthal. Mr. Risenhoover, what about other things? What about a system requiring the purchase of a red snapper fishery endorsement, or a stamp coupled with required self-reporting in the form of fish tags or some other mechanism? Would that increase funding for necessary red snapper research? Could we do that? Would it give us a better understanding?    Are there other ways--if part of this is really the lack of trust or belief in what is out there, are there other ways in which we could be collecting data?    Dr. Lowenthal. Is that really the critical issue that we are talking about, the lack of or the belief that the Federal--NOAA--it is really the counting and what is going on, and that returning it to the state would give the states more ability to control, and to use their data, and so they would not need this kind of buffer thing?    Does that lead, then--and I am going to ask in the next panel to people who are also concerned--that that would impact, for example, potentially, the commercial fishing? They would say, ``Oh, my goodness. You are now kind of getting rid of that buffer. They are going to--at some point we are going to lose our number.'' I will ask that question later on to the others on the commercial side.