    Ms. Corlette. Thank you, Chairman Roe and Ranking Member Polis, for inviting me to participate in today's hearing.    As has been said, over 150 million Americans receive their health coverage through their employer. It is consistently rated as one of the most popular benefits that employers provide, second only to paid leave.    In my testimony today, I would like to emphasize two primary points. Number one, our foundation of ESI is strong in this country, but affordability remains a challenge. Number two, to address affordability, requires a multi-stakeholder effort that actively engages in local delivery system reform efforts.    In spite of early fears, the ACA has not caused employers to drop coverage for their workers, nor has it resulted in reductions in employment. What is clear is that employers have benefitted over the last few years in a significant slowdown in health care price growth.    But even with these promising trends, affordability remains a huge challenge for too many families. Worker contributions to premiums grew an estimated 83 percent between 2005 and 2015, and nearly one-quarter of people with ESI report problems paying medical bills.    A report released just yesterday by the Kaiser Family Foundation finds that between 2004 and 2014, average out-of-pocket expenses for workers increased 77 percent, largely due to high deductibles, and people with high deductible plans report problems paying medical bills two times more than those in low deductible plans.    Thanks to the ACA, there are some financial protections for these families with high costs, but they are still significant burdens. The bottom line is that employers and employees are struggling under high health care costs, and tackling affordability requires a multi-stakeholder effort, and employers have a particularly important role to play.    Many employers, both on their own and in concert with other local purchasers, are engaged in innovative efforts to push back against high and rising health care prices, while not sacrificing the quality of care provided to their employees.    The ACA has spurred activity in payment and delivery system reform across public and private sectors, building momentum to improve health care value. For example, a multi-payer initiative in Arkansas is leveraging partnerships with Medicare, Medicaid, state employees, and Walmart to expand primary care medical homes.    Many of new models sparked by the ACA provide opportunities for employers to partner with major government purchasers to pressure providers to reduce inefficiencies and improve quality.    For many employers, workplace wellness programs are intuitively appealing, and these programs, if well designed, communicated and executed, can make a big difference. Most of us spend most of our waking hours at work, and there is much that employers can do to support a working environment that supports health.    However, some of these programs tie an employee's achievement of a particular health outcome to their health insurance premiums or cost-sharing, but there is very little evidence that doing so actually improves health, increases productivity, or lowers costs.    What they do instead, unfortunately, is raise the barriers for many individuals to access the support they need to achieve better health outcomes.    There is also disturbing evidence that some wellness programs place employees' privacy at risk. Wellness vendors can and do harvest vast amounts of personal health information, but there is no Federal law that restricts what these companies share with business partners for marketing purposes. Yet, many employees face tremendous pressure to participate in these programs, especially when up to 30 percent of the cost of a family premium is at stake.    Just as with workplace wellness programs, some benefit and network changes sound promising on the surface, but may ultimately be more about cost shifting than actually improving health outcomes.    For example, network tiering has been touted as a way to encourage consumers to seek care from higher quality, lower cost providers, but there is limited evidence to suggest that providers in the lowest cost tiers are selected with quality taken into account. Their ``preferred'' status is sometimes just a function of price.    A fundamental challenge for employers and their workers today is the cost of health care, but many proposed reforms do not get at the primary cost drivers - providers, many of whom use local market clout to demand reimbursement that is disproportionate to the actual value they deliver. With increasing consolidation among provider systems, this problem may only get worse.    Ultimately, it is going to fall to employers in partnership with other purchasers to drive reforms that will ultimately reduce costs and achieve better health care outcomes.    Thank you so much for the opportunity to participate today.    Ms. Corlette. Certainly, Congressman, and thank you for the question. I think this is something that I hope that Congress will address soon in whatever way it can, and also for the states that have not yet expanded Medicaid, this is a true moral failing.    I believe we have I think an estimated three million people who because their incomes are too low cannot get access to the kind of help with premiums to buy health insurance that people who have incomes above 100 percent of poverty have.    I think that kind of inequity is simply wrong and it is also demonstrated that it is having not just an impact on the families that cannot afford the insurance but actually on many local providers, hospital systems and others that are really suffering because the people that they serve cannot afford the care.    Ms. Corlette. Sure. That is a problem. I do not know that it has been exactly quantified, but essentially the problem is that just because you do not have insurance does not mean that you do not ever have health problems.    So what happens is that many people because they cannot pay for care, they wait until the last possible minute when the problem has become perhaps even a crisis or much more severe than it otherwise would have been. They must go to the emergency room, and somebody has to pay for that care.    Typically, what the hospital does is shift those costs over to other payers, privately insured, and other payers. We all pay for it in some way, so it is penny wise and pound foolish for these states that have not expanded it and continue to fail to do so.    Ms. Corlette. Sure, absolutely. I should just first of all say that I think workplace wellness programs can be incredibly important and effective. But you have identified one particular area of concern, which is that under current Federal rules and under the proposed EEOC rules, somebody making $50,000 a year could be asked or told that if they do not complete a health risk assessment or if they do not agree to have personal health information turned over to a wellness vendor, as much as $5,000 of health care premiums could be at stake. In other words, they could be asked to pay more in health premiums, as much as $5,000 or more.    It is really hard for me to understand how that would not be considered coercive for somebody making that amount of money. I think they would feel under tremendous financial pressure to complete that health risk assessment and participate. So to me, that is not voluntary, and it does not fall under anybody's common sense definition of what voluntary means.    Ms. Corlette. Thank you, Congressman. So, in full disclosure, this is not my area of expertise, my area of expertise is health insurance. But as I did note earlier in my testimony, paid leave often - changes places year to year -as the most popular employee benefit that employees cite as something they appreciate about their employment.    I can really only speak as an individual about the importance of paid leave, and also as a mother, and how critically important it was to me after I had my children. I would also say as a consumer of goods and services, I would like to know that the people that serve me in restaurants and establishments are not working because they are sick because they cannot afford to take a day off to get better. So, that is the best I can do. Unfortunately, it is outside my expertise.    Ms. Corlette. Thank you, Congresswoman. So, we are in an interesting time when it comes to workplace wellness programs. Right now, in the marketplace, it is like 1,000 flowers are blooming.    That kind of innovation is both very exciting and provides some great opportunities, but I also think it can be very difficult both for employers as well as employees to sort of tease out of this myriad of programs that exist, what are the tools and incentives that really work both to change behavior, get to better health outcomes, and ultimately get to a lower cost growth trend.    The truth of the matter is that the research out there is growing, but it can be very difficult to tease out what is working and what is not. I will say what we are seeing is first of all that wellness programs that are tied to some sort of premium based or cost sharing based cost financial incentives have really not been shown by themselves to change behavior.    What does seem to work in terms of cost reduction, of course, are targeted disease management programs that really target, for example, people with diabetes or a heart condition, that kind of thing, with direct and personalized interventions.    Also, frankly, changing the environment. Google is a great example of a company that has experimented with different wellness things but one of the most effective things they found was in their cafeteria, they moved all the healthy options up front and took the unhealthy options and sort of hid them in the corners, they reduced the sizes of plates and bowls, and that has made a tremendous difference in people's nutrition and overall health.    Those kinds of environmental changes sometimes are very easy to do but can be incredibly cost effective.    Ms. Corlette. Sure. The ACA has really sparked a number of really innovative and exciting payment and delivery system models that are happening at the State and local level.    Here is an area where I think employers are really critically important participants in those models.    What the ACA has done is brought big government purchasers like Medicare and Medicaid to the table, but from providers' perspective, when you have Medicare telling them to do one thing and the commercial carriers telling them to do something else, and Medicaid yet another thing, those signals can get very confusing and administratively, very burdensome.    When the signals are aligned and you are encouraging more efficiency, higher quality, that can lead to both better health outcomes and lower costs.    Ms. Corlette. Thank you. So, polling does show that the SBC or Summary of Benefits and Coverage, is consistently one of the most popular provisions of the ACA. I think people are really excited for sort of standardized, uniform information that just says okay, what does this plan actually do for me.    Ms. Corlette. Thank you, Congressman. As I mentioned in my testimony, I think one exciting thing but often under publicized about the Affordable Care Act is that it really launched a number of experiments in payment and delivery system reform that are bringing both public purchasers, like Medicare and Medicaid, along with private purchasers, like employers and employer coalitions, together to start to work towards increasing health care value.    By that, I am talking about things like patient-centered primary medical homes. As the Chairman mentioned earlier, accountable care organizations. Efforts to really re-emphasize primary, lets really Primary care, start putting more accountability into the system, reduce unnecessary and wasteful care.    These experiments are still in early days, and so they are showing, so we are starting to see some results, but still more time needed needs to tell. One thing that was very exciting about this particular hearing is the role of the employer and particularly self-funded employers, and how influential they can be at the local level in really driving change towards value and value-based care.    Ms. Corlette. I am sorry, sir. I actually do not know. I am not here to represent the university.    Ms. Corlette. Absolutely. There are a number of exciting components to that Covered California contract for 2017 that include both more support for consumers to make smart choices but also really starting to align incentives for insurance companies to start to deliver better value. So, I commend California for really being the leader in this area.    On the issue of health insurance literacy, what we have now learned after a few years of enrollment through the health insurance exchanges is that there really is not much health insurance literacy in this country, unfortunately.    Part of that stems from the fact that health insurance is such a complicated product. You are talking about premiums, deductible, co-insurance, co-payments, network issues, benefits. It is just very, very complicated.    Then you couple that with once you are enrolled, figuring out where is the appropriate place to get care. All of these things require a tremendous amount of knowledge on the part of the consumer.    One of the things the ACA has tried to do is provide more tools to consumers such as the Summary of Benefits and Coverage, to help them make informed decisions, but we are still a long, long way away from really getting to the decision support tools that are needed.    Ms. Corlette. Well I think first and foremost, by helping people understand where an appropriate care setting is for a particular injury or illness or condition, that can help people get the right care at the right place at the right time.    For example, you should not go to the emergency room for a sore throat or if you got the flu, you should go to a primary care setting, and that can lower costs dramatically. That is just one example. Just educating people about where the right place is to get care for a particular condition is important.    Ms. Corlette. That is right.    Ms. Corlette. Since the ACA was enacted, we have had the slowest growth in health care prices in just about a generation. It has really been remarkable. Some attribute that to the ACA. Some say it is the economy and other factors. We certainly have seen much, much slower growth than we had prior to the ACA.    I think that one of the other exciting things about the ACA are these multi-payer efforts where private purchasers are pulling together with Medicaid and Medicare to start to get more efficiencies into the system. Those are still in the early stages, and need some time to bear fruit. I am hopeful that we can, as you say, bend the cost curve for the long term.    Ms. Corlette. Quite the opposite. We are seeing job growth, really strong foundation of an employer-sponsored health care system.