    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you to both our witnesses.    General Votel, you mentioned in your testimony transregional challenges and the fact that operating across geographic combatant command boundaries is problematic for us. Do you believe personally that the DOD's geographic combatant command structure is set up in a way to effectively combat the challenges we face now and in the future?    General Votel. I think we are. Certainly when any particular organization focuses in a particular region they have a tendency to focus in that region and not as much on outside of that.    What we are attempting to do with our transregional look, particularly at terrorist organizations, is to really bridge that together.    So what SOCOM has been asked to do is to take lead in how we look at transregional violent extremism, how we establish a common intelligence picture for organization like the Islamic State, how we establish common operating pictures, how we assess ourselves across the whole threat.    And then how we make recommendations up through the Chairman to the Secretary of Defense for allocations of our resources, how we go after that particular threat.    So you know I think what we have learned here is that the enemies we face, not just terrorists, but I think if you look at things like Russia or other threats that we have out there, they don't operate with inside of bureaucratic boundaries that we may have established.    And so, it is important that we have the ability to transcend these boundaries and look at the whole problem instead of just portions of the geography. And that is what our transregional approach is attempting to do.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you. One more for you, General. You mentioned in your testimony this a variation of what the chairman mentioned, and modern mass communication technologies have emerged to create an opening for exploitation by outside state, non-state actors.    We have seen the effects of some of this communication including propaganda in my district. I represent San Bernardino. Could you expand on how you see the outgrowth of mass communication affecting us in the future and how you think these types of conflicts, what role SOCOM will play to assist in responding to them?    General Votel. Well, thank you. I think the most immediate impact is that mass communications, you know, and combined with social media and a variety of tools like that really enable large populations in very disperse places around the globe to communicate very, very quickly.    And I think that is an aspect of the environment that we operate in right now. That is not something that we have dealt with in the past. And so, it has changed the way that populations communicate. It has changed the way that governments communicate to their people. It has changed the way that popular support you know is developed or sustained for particular causes out there.    And so, I think it is a feature of the environment that we are going to have to deal with in the future. And so what it requires us to do is to understand social media, to understand publically available information, to understand sentiments of the people out there, and to be able to leverage that.    First of all, for our own understanding, and second of all, to ensure that the people that we support out there can get truthful, accurate information out there to the populations that we are attempting to work on their behalfs or we are attempting to support in various locations around the world.    So I really think this is an area of growth for us and an area that we have to continue to pay more and more attention to.    Mr. Aguilar. Appreciate it. This question is for both of you.    Earlier this week CNN reported that operations involving special operation forces have begun in Iraq. I realize that we have a limited amount of what we can go into here. But would you mind expanding on as much as possible the actions our operators are taking to confront ISIS ?    General Votel. I would just add I think what we are doing, Congressman, is we are trying to present them with as many different dilemmas as we can, and make it as difficult for them to sustain their so-called caliphate as we can.    And special operations plays an important role in that. So do our conventional forces. And I am just extraordinarily proud of the way that we are working with our conventional forces to kind of create that effect on the ground.    And while this is an extraordinarily complex environment, a complex enemy, a complex political and security situation here, I think we are beginning to see positive aspects of some of the work that we are doing in this regard.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you. Ms. Whelan.    Mr. Aguilar. Thank you both. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.