    Mr. Collins. Chairman Smith, Chairman Royce, and committee members, thank you for the opportunity to share my story regarding international parental abduction to Japan. Reiko Nakata Greenberg and I were married on September 1, 2000, and on 03/03/03 at 3:03 p.m., my first and only child Keisuke Christian Collins was born in Orange, California.    In March 2008, we started the process of a divorce, and I needed to get my financial records together. I found monthly checks written by Reiko to her Japan Airlines credit card for almost 2 years. Through these cash advances on her personal credit card, and withdrawals from our home equity line, she secretly was able to build a nest egg for herself of over $220,000.    With this new evidence, I went to court in 2008 to stop Reiko from taking Keisuke to Japan for the summer. The judge ruled ``Minor child not to be removed from the County of Orange, State of California, or the United States of America, and turn over the minor's passports to the Japanese Embassy within 24 hours.''    I relayed the court's ruling to the Japanese Embassy in Los Angeles that afternoon. They replied, ``We don't care about your court orders. We won't take the passports. They are Japanese citizens, and they can do what they want.'' I said my son was born and raised in the United States and is a U.S. citizen. He said, ``I don't care.''    Two days later was Father's Day. I picked up Keisuke in the morning for church. We had a Father's Day lunch and spent the afternoon at his favorite place, the Discovery Science Zone. Afterwards, I said, ``Thanks for spending Father's Day with me, Keisuke. I love you. See you tomorrow.'' He said, ``Love you, too, Daddy.'' Those were the last words I heard from my son. That was 2,586 days ago today.    On June 16, 2008, in violation of my court orders, and with the help of her father, Ken Nakata, a retired international pilot with Japan Airlines, Reiko bypassed the system, was able to kidnap Keisuke, and flee to Japan. Reiko Nakata Greenberg Collins has warrants for her arrest by the Orange County Sheriff's Department, is on the FBI's Most Wanted List for Parental Kidnappings, and has a Red Notice issued by Interpol.    Even with these Federal and international warrants in place, the State Department says it can do nothing. I believe it can; it just chooses not to.    Three and a half years later, I was notified that Reiko filed for full and physical legal custody in Japan. In my reply I supplied the restraining order, final divorce decree which awarded me full physical and legal custody, and proof of U.S. jurisdiction of this case. The Japanese court replied by disregarding my final divorce order, stole jurisdiction, and ruled my restraining order, which stated, ``Minor child not to be removed from the County of Orange, State of California, or the United States of America'' was too vague. What word in that sentence is vague? Nothing.    As the Japanese family courts have proven time and time again, they have a bias against Americans. I will call it for what it is: Racism. My case, and the 70 cases listed with BAC Home, occurred prior to Japan becoming a Hague signatory, and, by definition under the Goldman Act, are abduction cases.    To date, children are collectively trapped in Japan and cut off from us. These cases are not resolved, yet the State Department's ICAPRA compliance report unilaterally, and without explanation, decided to downgrade all of them to access cases. To say the ICAPRA report is an insult and a slap in the face of every parent of an abducted child is an understatement.    The numbers do not add up in any way you try, but create an ever-bigger problem as a grossly inaccurate report gives potential abducting parents ammunition to go to court, show any judge that Japan is compliant with the Hague, and nothing can be further from the truth.    With no American child ever being returned by the Japanese Government, nor any ruling in favor of the victimized parent ever enforced by a Japanese court, Japan is non-compliant. Even using State's own numbers, as ridiculous and as ludicrous as they are, Japan is still 57 percent non-compliant, which is greater than the 30 percent Goldman Act standard. Japan is unequivocally non-compliant. Period.    Japan's compliant rating in the report is highly suspect after the recent testimony of the Japanese Diet on May 14 where Takashi Okada, Deputy Director General, and the Secretariat of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs said, ``I think I received Ambassador Jacobs' understanding about how our country has been dealing with the issue of the Hague Convention. The report has not yet been released. As I explained earlier to the Diet members, because we strive to make an explanation to the U.S. side, I hope that the report contents will be based on our country's efforts to deal with the issue.''    The ICAPRA report is not to take into account what Japan tells the Ambassador its efforts are. The report is to be compiled based on facts and results. There are no facts to support Japan as compliant.    For anyone to make any sort of assurance or to accept Japan's explanation, to give it a favorable rating in the report, is outrageous. This report must be amended to show Japan as non-compliant. Over 400 abduction cases to Japan have been registered with the State Department since 1994, and no child has ever been returned by the Japanese Government.    We have suffered years of secrecy from State regarding our abducted children. It is the perfect definition of insanity--doing the same thing over and over again but expecting a different result. The results have not changed in 7 years. We are still no closer to seeing our children today than we were before Japan joined the Hague Abduction Convention. So State's actions, or in this case inactions, speak so loudly we can't hear what they are saying anymore.    I would like this subcommittee to insist that OCI and the State Department be far more transparent with Congress and with victimized parents. We deserve answers. Simply telling the subcommittee that we are raising our cases means nothing. Are they demanding the return of our children or simply begging? Do they drop the issue just because Japan tells them it is too difficult to return our kidnapped children? What are the answers they are receiving?    It is time to start holding Japan accountable. Public condemnation, implementation of sanctions as outlined in the Goldman Act, and the demand that we have access to and the return of our American children immediately. My son, Keisuke Christian Collins, deserves his father, and I deserve my son.    Thank you.    Mr. Collins. I didn't change anything. My whole thing from the get-go--my whole thing from the beginning is I want access to my son. He is a U.S. citizen, born here. He was illegally taken.    Mr. Collins. Absolutely. I have two court orders that state ``Minor child not to be removed from''----    Mr. Collins. Yeah.    Mr. Collins. We can go back to the beginning of my case when the DA filed the charges and passed it on to the FBI. It took the FBI over a year to finally return my phone call. I called the agent of my case three to four times a week every week, and they never returned a phone call.    Caseworkers, I know they are doing the best that they can. About I think it was probably 4 years ago we were told in one of these hearings that these caseworkers want to be there for you. They are going to be in place. They are not going anywhere because they were coming in and out so quick.    I have just had my third caseworker this year. So it is like a semi-annual thing. And the only communication I get is--well, I got one 2 weeks ago. ``Have you heard anything new?'' So I get like an annual call.    I did--I was one of the first cases accepted by the JCA, and I got an email from my caseworker that came through the JCA saying that they have accepted my case. And then about--they would get back in contact with me when they have located my son. About 6 weeks later, I got another email saying they have identified an address, but there has been no response. And then, 2 weeks later was the last one that said, ``We still have gotten no response. It is past the deadline. You need to hire an attorney.''