    Ms. Rutledge. Chairman Lummis, Ranking Member Lawrence and members of the committee, thank you for inviting me to speak with you all today.    My name is Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas Attorney General. I am here today to give you a sense of our State, one that is rich in natural heritage and is known across the Nation as the natural State for rolling hills, dense woodlands, miles of rivers and lakes and how they will be impacted by overreaching regulations of the Environmental Protection Agency.    Specifically, the EPA exceeds its legal authority in three recently proposed rules: the Clean Power Plan, more stringent ground level ozone standards and changes to the definitions of the waters of the United States.    As Attorney General, I represent the interests of Arkansas utility rate payers. These are hardworking Arkansans, some who own their own small businesses, some run multigenerational family farms from Fayetteville to Warren to Texarkana to Jonesboro, and all points in between. I have heard grave concern about the EPA's proposed Clean Power Plan.    The rule requires Arkansas to meet an almost 45 percent reduction in carbon emissions from electric generating units by 2030. This is the sixth highest rate of reduction in the Nation imposed upon a State that ranks 46th in per capita income.    This is a rule that the EPA does not have the legal authority to issue. The EPA regulates coal-fired power plants such as the one in Independence County, where I grew up, under Section 112 of the Clean Air Act, not Section 111(b).    The law cannot be clearer. It specifically prohibits the EPA from invoking 111(b) where the source category is regulated under Section 112. The proposed rule mandates what each State must achieve rather than providing guidelines and procedures for States to use. This is a serious overreach of the EPA's authority and different from the implementation of any other limits set under the Clean Air Act.    My opposition to this rule begs the question whether I am for clean air. I certainly am and I can confidently say that all Arkansans are in favor of clean air.    The rule goes beyond the EPA's authority to regulate air pollution. It imposes a misguided, national energy policy and seeks to control the State's regulation of energy generation and usage.    Also, under the Clean Air Act, the EPA has proposed unnecessarily stringent ground level ozone standards. The proposed rule reduces the current standard of 75 ppm to somewhere between 60 to 70 ppm. A decrease to 60 ppm will have a devastating effect on Arkansas. At that level, almost all of Arkansas would likely be in non-attainment.    Anyone who has visited Arkansas would be hard pressed to believe that our beautiful mountains have a smog problem. Years of nonattainment would directly set back economic recovery that we have achieved in the past few years.    Likewise, the EPA's attempt to clarify the definition of the waters of the U.S. is so expansive that it would likely control land use activities over most of the United States. As Arkansas Attorney General, this is a major concern for me because this would drastically impact our farmers and ranchers.    Rather than clarifying, the rule complicates current law. The process for determining jurisdiction becomes a maize for both regulators and for the public to navigate. Arkansas' agricultural community would be left with increased uncertainty over the Clean Water Act.    Agriculture is essential to our economy. According to the Arkansas Farm Bureau, agriculture provides $16 billion annually and one out of every six jobs in the State.    While the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers have repeatedly offered verbal assurances that agriculture need not worry about the scope of the proposed definition of waters of the United States, farmers in Arkansas worry because of the actions of agencies, not their words.    For example, in 2014, the Corps took action against a Tennessee row crop farm determining that a field was considered waters of the U.S. Arkansas farmers worry that every day activities such as plowing and applying fertilizer and pesticides will subject them, just like our neighboring State of Tennessee, to Federal jurisdiction under the Clean Water Act.    While each of these rules would cause great harm to Arkansas on their own, the cumulative effect cannot be overStated. This Administration is intent on following an agenda that ignores the plain language passed by Congress and has created a perfect storm of Federal regulation that will result in economic disaster for Arkansas.    Arkansans believe in protecting our environment. We take great pride in being the natural State and take pride in supplying the world with food and growing jobs in our State.    I thank Chairman Lummis, Ranking Member Lawrence and other members of the committee for the opportunity to address you all today. I welcome your questions. Thank you.    Ms. Rutledge. Thank you for the question.    These EPA regulations and energy costs that would result from 111(d) being implemented, this rule being implemented, would significantly raise the cost for all Arkansans and all ratepayers.    It would dramatically hurt the lower income and middle income ratepayers because of such a dramatic increase. I would be remiss if I did not mention that it would also hurt small businesses in Arkansas that are trying to make payroll.    A $20 increase may not seem like much to those living in the seven richest counties in the United States here around the Beltway but for those folks living in rural Arkansas trying to make a payroll, a $20 increase is a dramatic difference.    Ms. Rutledge. No, Doctor, we do not like dirty water in Arkansas.    Ms. Rutledge. I have not personally asked the EPA.    Ms. Rutledge. That would have been under my predecessor.    Ms. Rutledge. Yes, Doctor.    Ms. Rutledge. It certainly does and that is why I am here today because of the rule of law, as my colleague from Montana mentioned.    Ms. Rutledge. Yes, Arkansas has the Department of Environmental Quality that addresses such. I believe one particular issue with the proposed rule is going beyond the authority, as I Stated earlier, what the EPA actually has authority to do which is to provide guidelines and appropriate procedures for the States.    That way, the Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality can work with the EPA in implementing those guidelines that were right for the State of Arkansas versus what the EPA is attempting to do in going beyond its authority, mandating what each State must do.    Ms. Rutledge. Under the proposed rule or currently under any by the EPA, yes.    Ms. Rutledge. Absolutely.    Ms. Rutledge. Absolutely, and that is the problem that as the chief legal officer of the State that I have because it prevents me from being able to protect the citizens of Arkansas. Because when you have a Federal agency such as the EPA overstepping its boundaries, insisting and implementing civil penalties on our citizens and our businesses, then we are not able to govern ourselves.