    Mr. Cicilline. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you, Chairman Royce and Ranking Member Engel, for your strong support and cosponsorship of House Resolution 348, and thank you for scheduling a markup on both of these bills today.    House Res. 348 signals strong congressional support for free elections in Ukraine. I thank my many colleagues on the committee who have signed on as cosponsors as well. The democratic and economic development of Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression remains one of the most vital efforts the United States could undertake to combat Russian intransigence and show our unwavering commitment to promoting democracy and human rights around the world.    The illegal and forceful occupation of Crimea and the ongoing Russian support for separatists in eastern Ukraine are an affront to international law and diplomacy. The Minsk II agreement was an historic step toward potentially ending the violence and unrest in the country. And it is now upon the governments of Ukraine, Russia, the United States, and our European allies as implementing partners to ensure its successful execution.    A vital part of that implementation will be to hold free and fair elections throughout Ukraine, including under the terms of the agreement eventually in the Donbas region controlled by Russian-led separatists. Ukraine has local elections scheduled for most of the country except some separatist-controlled areas for October 25.    This resolution demonstrates this Congress's unwavering commitment to supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future. It condemns any Russian attempts to interfere in Ukraine's elections in any way, including through intimidation, violence, or coercion.    During Ukraine's last elections, these tactics were used to prevent Ukranians from voting in certain regions. This cannot happen again. And any actions undermining these elections must be met with swift and certain international condemnation. At this delicate juncture in Ukraine's history, it is essential that the United States and our European allies continue to demonstrate steadfast support for Ukranian territorial integrity, sovereignty, and the right of the Ukranian people to participate in a free and fair electoral process.    Again, I thank my colleagues for their support and urge them to support this resolution. And with that, I yield back.