    Mr. Owens. Okay. Thank you, Chairwoman Comstock, Ranking Member Lipinski, and Members of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology, for giving me the opportunity to testify today on behalf of Delphi. As Chief Technology Officer, I'm responsible for Delphi's global engineering organization, our innovation strategies, and our advanced technologies. As a leading global supplier of electronics and technologies for automotive, for commercial vehicles, and other market segments, we invest more than $1.7 billion annually into engineering development initiatives, and employ approximately 5,000 people in the U.S.    Like the Science Committee, Delphi has a long history of dedication to technological innovation, culminating this April with the first autonomous vehicle cross-country drive. Are we okay to keep going? Okay. So let me pause to show a short video that highlights some of the Delphi technologies that made it possible. Okay. Well, that was a very short video. So if we'd had a chance to see the video, what you would've seen would've been a replay of our coast to coast drive that we did back in April, so--we outfitted an Audi Q5, if you will, drove 3,400 miles through 15 states, went from San Francisco to New York City. We had a car that operated autonomously 99 percent of the time.    So--we had a bunch of film clips in there of the car going through the variety of states across the United States. Some of the things that it encountered, like some of the bridge structures, the roundabouts, the lane markings that were different state to state. So there was a little bit of color on that, but the--for us, we installed a broad suite of our active safety technologies on a--like I said, a 2014 Audi Q5. We had the latest technology. It included radars, cameras, LIDARs, V2X, GPS, and driver state monitoring. In driver state monitoring, which allows the vehicle monitor the availability of the driver in situations where a takeover may be necessary. Looks like we----    Chairwoman Comstock. I think it worked. Yeah. No, we'd love to see it, so----    Mr. Owens. So there's some narration that went with this, basically detailing that the sensors acts like your eyes and ears, and your touch as a human being. It imbeds into the infrastructure of the vehicle, makes the same decisions that you would make as a driver, and we were able to do it 99 percent of the time autonomous. So one of our primary lessons from the success of this drive is that we've--we have available today, in the consumer marketplace, technology that includes forward collision warning, collision imminent braking, lane departure warning, and blind spot detection that, if more broadly adopted, will dramatically reduce deaths and injuries on our roads. Today's active safety technologies operate well enough to drive a car on its own 99 percent of the time, and these technologies, when paired with a driver, can address one of the greatest causes of premature deaths, and that's traffic accidents.    Through consumer-based adoption of active safety technology 11,000 lives can be saved annually without a technology mandate, without a broad new program, and without regulatory requirements. Vehicle deaths in the United States have declined with widespread adoption of passive safety technologies such as seat belts and airbags, but progress towards further death and injury reduction has stalled. We still have 33,000 deaths annually in the United States, and over 200,000 serious injuries each year on our roadways. So government and industry groups have studied the benefits of these technologies for well over a decade. A study by the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, the IIHS, states that a 31 percent reduction in deaths is possible. So, once again, that's more than 11,000 lives saved per year with full deployment of active safety systems throughout the vehicle fleet.    So, in conclusion, the driving public wants vehicles with improved safety features. As a cross country drive demonstrated anew, the technologies are currently available; however, it's difficult for consumers to understand their value. And a key consumer awareness tool is DOT's New Car Assessment Program, or NCAP, which includes a five star rating on all new vehicle stickers. Already both the insurance industry, through its IIHS Safety Pick Plus Program, and the European Union, through the Euro NCAP, incorporate active safety into their safety ratings.    Though today, DOT's NCAP does not include active safety and five star rating system, and I feel the DOT should amend NCAP to require a five star rating in the five star rating system. It should include active safety features like collision avoidance technology. So this week Representatives Rokita and Blumenauer introduced the Safety Through Informed Consumers Act, or STICERS, which requires NHTSA to incorporate active safety into their safety rating system within a year. The legislation provides the best path forward for wide scale adoption of active safety by giving consumers information in a form they can use, and to which the market will respond.    The sooner we increase consumer awareness, the sooner we can lower fatality rates, the sooner we move towards cars that can drive safely today, with a driver behind the wheel, and in the future, maybe on their own. So, again, thank you for the opportunity to address the Subcommittee, and I look forward to questions.    Mr. Owens. Yeah, I don't have estimates. I can say anecdotally insurance rates are starting to recognize, and you have to have enough data to get into the actuarial tables. Europe leads the United States here by implementing the five star a few years ago, so in Europe, with a Volvo, for example, you buy your insurance policy when you buy your car, three year policy typically. You get one year free in Europe if you have the active safety portfolio on the Volvo, so----    Chairwoman Comstock. Wow.    Mr. Owens. --starting to have a benefit, but they'll have to accumulate the data to know exactly what that's going to be.    Chairwoman Comstock. Right. So you'd have saving lives, and then saving money, potentially, so----    Mr. Owens. Exactly.    Chairwoman Comstock. --a nice combination there. Great. All right. Now--like, with that case, part of getting more dollars for research and development is for us to actually see real life results. So, Secretary Winfree, I wanted to ask about state and local transportation agencies, your--deploy new technologies, such as systems that provide travelers with traffic information, decreasing congestion, you know, where they're telling you what's ahead, and really, you know, transferring more of the information, as well as, you know, we have our cell phones now, when we use them appropriately, that will tell us where the transportation bottlenecks are. How--to what extent is DOT communicating the results of your research on these new technologies to the states and localities so they can then implement it, and then what kind of tracking do you do of that implementation?    Mr. Owens. Yeah.    Mr. Owens. So, first of all, I don't consider that those are two separate initiatives. If you look at our vehicle that we put on the road, it had all of the technologies, including V2V and V2X, on there. We'll be first to market next year, with General Motors, to V2V.    It's a matter of building blocks. It--to get to a fully automated vehicle, or even semi levels of automation, it's--you take the technology that's available and ready today. Active safety is ready today. Vehicle to vehicle technology is not--there's nothing more to invent there. It's a matter of implementation, but it's not on the road today. As it goes on the road, you've got a radar system, you've got a vision system, you get a very compelling scenario analysis in front of the vehicle to help the vehicle decide what actions to take, where the threats are. You add to that, then, when it's ready--vehicle to vehicle, it's a wonderful addition to those building blocks to help complete that scenario of what's around the vehicle, even more so through the intersection on further down the road. So I--very complimentary. Again, on the roadmap to a fully automated vehicle, I consider all those technologies critical.    Mr. Owens. Well, I can--    Mr. Owens. Yeah. I can give you the data that I've read, as others have. A report just came out from one of the consulting groups two weeks ago that said you'll require 40 percent less vehicles. You'll require 80 percent less parking. I mean, those kinds of statistics. So I can't validate the numbers, but that's--I mean, generally that would be in the ballpark of what you could expect.    I can tell you, closer in, before you get to automated, if you put even adaptive cruise control, being able to automatically set the headway, just that, three to five percent pickup in fuel economy if you just have one out of four cars that have it on the highway. If you get two cars out of four that have it on the highway, you're in the five to eight percent pickup because you have smoother flow, you have less gridlock, you less of the accordion effect when traffic stacks up. So I think those statistics are pretty compelling, even in the near term, before you get autonomous.