    Chairman RYAN. Well, first of all, thank you. Welcome everybody. It has been a long time since I have sat down here in these seats. The view is a little different, I got to admit.    I want to welcome our colleagues from the Agriculture Committee, including my friend Chairman Conaway and Chairwoman Walorski and Ranking Member McGovern. We are happy to have you, we are happy to host this, but we want to thank you for letting us use your committee room twice when we were renovating this room earlier in the year.    This is an important hearing because for the past 50 years we have been waging this war on poverty, and I don't think you can really call it anything but a stalemate. I am not saying we haven't made any progress. We clearly have. But the Federal Government has spent trillions of dollars on dozens of programs, and yet upward mobility is no better than where it was when we started. Today, if you were raised poor, you are just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago.    Here is the problem. We have created 80 different programs to try and fill 80 different holes in people's budgets, health care, child care, energy, education, and more. You qualify for these programs on income, naturally. If you don't make much, you get a lot of benefits, but as you make more, you start to lose your benefits very quickly in some cases. Because we have piled these programs right on top of each other, the falloff can be really steep, and the more you make, you can end up losing a ton.    Take a single mom with one child earning the minimum wage, and she gets offered a job paying her $3 more an hour. When you factor in the taxes and the benefit cuts that she will experience, she will only get to take home 10 cents of every extra dollar she makes. What is the point in taking that job?    So you find that we have been filling holes, but we have actually been building a trap, and we are isolating people from the rest of the communities, we are isolating people from getting out of poverty. Right now we have a safety net that is designed to catch people falling into poverty. What we need is a safety net to help lift people out of poverty.    And so the way I see it, we have got three choices. Number one, we either accept the status quo and just do nothing. Number two, we reinforce the status quo and simply just do more of the same. That will only make it harder for people to get from welfare to work. Or number three, we reform the status quo, we try something different, get people in jobs or in training, customize benefits to fit people's needs, make sure that it always pays to work. These are the principles that we want to put into practice. We need another round of welfare reform so that we can actually have a safety net pulling people from poverty, from welfare, into work, into a better life.    You know, Pope Francis recently said: ``Where there is no work, there is no dignity.'' That is the challenge we face, to protect and to promote the dignity of work. I look forward to working with our colleagues in the future to do just that, and I think this hearing is a great start.    Thank you.