    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I want to thank you for holding this hearing today. And as I listen to you, I'm hoping that our witnesses listen very carefully. I think you raised some legitimate concerns and I'm hoping that they will address them.    I also want to thank Congressman Vela, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Border and Maritime Security, for being a leader on this issue and for promoting aggressive action to protect the United States and our diplomatic corps overseas.    Drug cartel violence in Mexico threatens American and Mexican citizens and their families on both sides--on both sides of the border. It also negatively impacts our important bilateral trade relationship with Mexico. Combatting the violence and stabilizing this region needs to be a top priority for both countries.    Congressman Vela's position is that the consulates should remain open to support American citizens and economic interests on both sides of the border. And I agree with him, and I find his argument quite persuasive.    Closing U.S. consulates in Mexico will simply destabilize the region making our borders less safe. Consulates in Mexico play a critical role in implementing Laredo initiative, which is our Nation's $2.5 billion investment in disrupting organized groups, institutionalizing the rule of law, and building stronger communities.    Many of our U.S. consulates also house our Federal law enforcement efforts to combat the drug trade and strengthen border security. In addition, many U.S. companies, including DuPont, Tyco, and General Electric, have significant business interests in Mexico. These other businesses provide 65,000 jobs in Matamoros, our consular district alone, and they depend on the support provided by U.S. consulates. U.S. consulates also provide crucial services to U.S. citizens residing in and visiting Mexico.    Our diplomatic relationship with Mexico is a critical tool for stabilizing the region. We need to strengthen this diplomatic relationship, especially in regions that need it most, not damage it by closing these consulates, as some have suggested. I believe Mexico should do more to enhance security in the region. But the U.S. also has a role to play, such as stemming the flow of guns.    Congressman Vela has suggested establishing secure economic zones in northern Mexico similar to those that have already been implemented in southern Mexico. These zones would include a joint economic plan that would provide more opportunities for communities on both sides of the border. These ideas deserve serious consideration.    We must ensure that Mexico is doing everything it can to root out the corruption that plagues law enforcement and civil institutions in order to effectively combat drug cartels. Greater stability will encourage more economic investment.    On our side of the border the United States must do more to stem the flow of guns into Mexico. In March, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms reported that more than 100,000--more than 100,000 guns were recovered in Mexico and submitted for tracing from 2009 to 2014. Of those 100,000 guns, 70 percent of them originated in the United States. Guns that are entering Mexico are being trafficked in from the United States.    This is one reason I'm proud to cosponsor with my good friend, Congresswoman Maloney, the Gun Trafficking Prevention Act, which is being reintroduced today on a bipartisan basis by our colleague, Mrs. Maloney. If we can stem illegal gun trafficking in the United States, there's no doubt the positive effects will be seen by our neighbors to the south.    Finally, let me say this: The United States must take all appropriate steps to ensure that our diplomats are safe and fully and fairly compensated. I agree with you, Mr. Chairman, that that must happen. This includes building modern, secure, diplomatic facilities. Construction plans are underway in Mexico, Matamoros, and Nuevo Laredo to build new diplomatic facilities that will house Marine barracks to ensure even greater protection of our personnel.    I understand that the State Department is changing how it pays employees serving in dangerous and difficult environments. I appreciate the Department's efforts to use resources effectively and consistent with the law. But I believe no employees who serve on the front lines abroad should face reductions in pay.    I look forward to hearing from our witnesses about how to further improve the safety of U.S. personnel while promoting our longstanding and mutually-beneficial relationship with Mexico.    And with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I want to pick up exactly where the chairman left off. Mrs. Saarnio, how often are these reassessments made with regard to pay allowances? I see Mr. Starr is jumping up and down. You can answer. You may.    Mr. Cummings. Please do.    Mr. Cummings. When was that?    Mr. Cummings. Okay.    Mr. Cummings. What do you define hardship as?    Mr. Cummings. The nine-square-mile limitation would be a hardship?    Mr. Cummings. Did you have something, Mr. Moser? Ambassador; I'm sorry.    Mr. Cummings. I think you'll find, Mr. Starr, that this is a bipartisan effort to try to make sure our people are treated fairly and that they are paid adequately, but when I thought about what Ms. Saarnio said, she said a lot of times when these people go into these positions, they know what they're going into.    I mean, I know that sounds simple, but when you're a person who really wants to serve your government, yeah, that may very well be part of the basis of which, that you know what you're going into. I assume that a lot of these people will take these positions because it's a part of their job. Am I right, Madam?    Mr. Cummings. So Mr. Starr said, you look at them about on a yearly basis. If something radical happened and there was a major problem, would there be any kind of exception to that general rule of one year? Do you follow me?    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Starr, in your testimony, going to another subject, you referenced a recent visit to some of the border consulates in Mexico. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Now would you describe for us the situation that our American personnel on the ground are experiencing?    Mr. Cummings. As a matter of fact, in the Matamoros consular district, there was a spike in crime in February. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. So back then in February, there were six times as many incidents as compared to the month before. Is that right?    Mr. Cummings. Now, did any of these security incidents involve U.S. citizens?    Mr. Cummings. And so you talked about how you were monitoring the problems, but what else has the State Department done or is doing to address that type of increase?    Mr. Cummings. Now, Mr. Harris, in June of this year, shots were fired at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection helicopter near Laredo, Texas. The shots appear to have come from the Mexican side of the border. Fortunately no one was injured in this incident, but it does raise concerns about the safety of our Federal law enforcement officers that are protecting the border. I understand that in response to Customs and Border Patrol, they sent two armored Blackhawk helicopters equipped to handle small arms fire to be used in the region. Is that correct?    Mr. Cummings. And what else has been done to ensure the safety of the agents on the ground?    Mr. Cummings. Just two last questions. Mr. Harris, can you think of anything else Congress can do to help protect these brave men and women on our borders?    Mr. Cummings. And, Mr. Starr, can you think of anything else we can do to help out on that end? And by the way, while you're formulating your answer, I just want you to know, Mr. Harris, on behalf of all of us, we understand how dangerous the job is, and we appreciate everything that you all do to address the issues that you have because they are very difficult, and we're sorry for the many losses and injuries that you just spoke about.    Mr. Starr?    Mr. Cummings. Thank you very much.    Mr. Cummings. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming by zero time. Mr. Starr, would you please answer what Chairman Chaffetz just said. I think he makes a good point.