    Mr. Courtney. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And good to see you again, Admiral.    Just to follow up a couple of the comments that the chairman made. Yes, again, it looks like you have made some impressive progress in terms of boosting the hires in the last year or so.    Secretary Perez of the U.S. Department of Labor was up in Groton last summer, where, again, there is nothing as dramatic as what is going on with the public yards, but clearly, you know, the need--what, if nothing else, the sort of a generational refresh is sort of got the apprenticeship programs sort of open for business again.    You know, one of the apprenticeship programs we visited was at the welding area, you know, you have actually two generations of welders that were sort of doing the presentation. One who was in his 60s, another who was his son, who was actually in his sort of late 30s, early 40s.    And they were talking about, sort of--you know, as you, I think I heard you as I just came in, is you know, what is a welder? Again, you can hire someone and put them in that job classification. But what we heard that day was that, you know, really--aside from sort of the initial apprenticeship stint, I mean, the fact of the matter is, is you need somebody looking over the shoulder of that new person for some period of time.    I mean, a year, 2 years or so. And then, they can sort of start doing sort of basic welds, but in terms of a real--sort of master welder, I mean, you are talking years before you really have sort of--got that person up to a qualification.    And frankly, there is a lot of risk in terms of, you know, retention. Because there is--you know, with advanced manufacturing just sort of taking off in aerospace, you know, you name it. The fact of the matter is, is that, you know, sort of holding on to these folks really makes sort of the initial numbers that we see in today's testimony, I mean, really are just sort of the beginning of the challenge for, you know, having a workforce that is ready to take on these challenges.    And I was sort of wondering, I mean, have you sort of built in, sort of the fact that there is going to be attrition over the time period? And frankly, that there is still a gap in terms of timing to get people really up to doing these.    You don't want mistakes. You know better than anybody in terms of submarines or surface ships in terms of bad welds, or people who, you know, really aren't ready for the job.    Mr. Courtney. So again, I think it is good that you are trying to do things, you know, differently because of the challenges. As we saw that day with the Secretary. It is just not, again, giving someone a job classification.    So I was also struck by Admiral McCoy, when he used to testify before us on these types of issues, he used to call a nuclear welder the equivalent of a brain surgeon in terms of, you know, what it takes to be in that totally qualified area.    And again, brain surgeons don't start going to the operating table in a year or two. I mean, it is a process that takes a very long period of time.    You know, Mr. Wittman asked the question about using the private yards to--for some of the Los Angeles-class work. I guess the other question is that when--under Admiral McCoy, there was a lot of discussion again about dips and using road work as a way of again protecting the workforce.    Can you give us some numbers in terms of what the road work, you know, programs look like these--today?    Mr. Courtney. Again, so--for example, if there is a layoff at Huntington or BAE or Electric Boat, you know, whether or not, given the fact that you need this workforce, I mean, whether you are using road work as a way to fill that? And clearly that has been done in the past. I am just sort of wondering where we are in terms of the numbers today.    Mr. Courtney. Please. I mean, again, because it was a pretty successful approach a few years ago, and again, Admiral McCoy, to quote him, talked about sort of the notion of a one-shipyard approach because--and I think Roscoe Bartlett used to say it is like having six horses and food for five sometimes in terms of trying to satisfy the industrial base or keep people working and trying to balance that. I think it is a pretty successful strategy.    Mr. Courtney. Yes, so we would look forward to those numbers.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.