    Mr. Pitts. The subcommittee will come to order.    The chair will recognize himself for an opening statement. Today Medicaid is the world's largest health coverage program. Medicaid plays a critical role in our healthcare system, providing access to needed medical services and long-term care for some of our Nation's most vulnerable patients. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that Federal Medicaid expenditures will grow from $343 billion this year to $576 billion in 2025. At the same time, State expenditures have grown significantly, today accounting for more than 25 percent of state spending in fiscal year 2014.    Given the growing portion of the Federal budget dedicated to Medicaid and the fact that roughly one in five Americans may be served by the program in a given year, Congress has a responsibility--even a duty--to ensure that the program is safeguarded against waste, fraud, and abuse. And while there is never a perfect program, the status quo in Medicaid certainly can be improved. The increasing size, complexity and vulnerability of Medicaid have led the GAO to designate it a high-risk program that can too easily be subjected to fraud and abuse.    Both Federal and state governments play critical roles in oversight of program integrity efforts. And while I believe states are and should be treated as full partners in the program, the reality is that Congress has a duty to expect the best from states and take commonsense steps to help prevent fraud, waste, and abuse at systemic levels. After all, protecting the integrity of the Medicaid program is about ensuring the program is not only more accountable and transparent for taxpayers, it is about safeguarding program dollars and encouraging more meaningful access to care for patients who rely on the program. And that is why I am so pleased today to be discussing several bills that will help boost the integrity, oversight and accountability of the Medicaid program.    First, a bill to be introduced by Dr. Bucshon and some of his colleagues would fix a problem identified by the HHS inspector general ensuring that providers terminated in one state don't improperly bill the system or negatively impact patients in another state.    Mr. Pitts. Second, Representative Brooks and I have introduced H.R. 3444, which would operationalize a proposal in the President's budget to help reduce Medicaid and CHIP fraud in the territories of the United States.    Mr. Pitts. Next, Representative Bilirakis has introduced H.R. 1570, a bipartisan bill which would bring increased transparency and information to Federal expenditures related to Medicaid and CHIP in U.S. territories.    Mr. Pitts. Fourth, Vice Chairman of the Health Subcommittee Brent Guthrie has a bill which would incentivize States to require providers of Medicaid personal care services to have electronic verification systems in place. This commonsense proposal will ensure taxpayers only pay for the services delivered to Medicaid beneficiaries.    Mr. Pitts. Fifth, I have introduced H.R. 2339, a commonsense proposal to give States better options to how lottery winnings are calculated for purposes of Medicaid eligibility. I hope we can all agree that multimillion dollar lottery winners should not be eligible to receive Medicaid, which is precisely the problem in current law that my bill would fix.    Mr. Pitts. Finally, Representative Mullin on the full committee has authored H.R. 1771, a bill which would close a loophole in current law identified by some GAO reporting. And this bill would amend the Social Security Act to count portions of income from annuities of a community spouse as income available to institutionalized spouses for purposes of Medicaid eligibility.    Mr. Pitts. It is my hope that through the policies we discuss today and through future actions by this committee, we can work together on a bipartisan basis to boost Medicaid program integrity while making the program more sustainable, accountable and transparent. I look forward to hearing our witnesses today.    I would like to yield to Congressman Mullin to introduce one of our witnesses.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Without objection, the gentleman will sit with the subcommittee today in the hearing.    The chair now recognizes Mr. Green for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the vice chair of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for his opening state.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for an opening statement.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    That concludes the opening statements. As usual, the written opening statements of all members will may be made part of the record. And I would like to ask unanimous consent to submit the following documents for the record: letters from the Alzheimer's Foundation of America and Sandata Technologies.    Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. We have one panel today. I will introduce them in order of your testimony. Thank you very much for coming today.    First of all, John Hagg, Director of Medicaid Audits, Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; secondly, we have heard from Mr. Mullin the introduction for Nico Gomez, chief executive officer for Oklahoma Health Care Authority; and finally, Trish Riley executive director of the National Academy for State Health Policy, and Commissioner, Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission.    Thank you very much for coming today. Your written testimony will be made a part of the record. You will each be given 5 minutes to summarize your written testimony.    So at this time, Mr. Hagg, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Pitts. The chair now recognizes Mr. Gomez 5 minutes for your summarization.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlemen.    I now recognize Ms. Riley 5 minutes for your summary.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady. That concludes the opening statements. We will now begin questions, and I will recognize myself 5 minutes for that purpose.    Mr. Hagg, the U.S. territories are already required by law to have a Medicaid fraud control unit. Is that correct?    Mr. Pitts. Thank you.    And, Mr. Hagg, your work found that the lack of uniform terminology for the reasons for provider terminations caused challenges for state agencies. Can you please explain the challenges created, how the policy we are discussing today could help resolve those challenges?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Gomez, according to the GAO, some states have indicated that the use of annuities as a Medicaid planning tool have increased in recent years, despite congressional action most recently as part of the Deficit Reduction Act to eliminate this loophole. Has Oklahoma seen an increase in the use of annuities in recent years? And if so, why do you think this is the case?    Mr. Pitts. Mr. Gomez, do you think it is appropriate for millionaires or multimillionaires to be receiving Medicaid while at the same time there are disabled children on the waiting lists for home and community-based services?    Mr. Pitts. So if I told you that states are barred from disenrolling multimillionaire lottery winners from Medicaid, I would assume that you would find this troubling, yes?    Mr. Pitts. Furthermore, while the Federal Government is paying 100 percent of the cost of Medicaid expansion, including the medical bills of millionaire lottery winners, there are disabled children and HIV patients on waiting lists for some Medicaid programs, so do you think it is fair to use Medicaid dollars to pay for lottery winners?    Mr. Pitts. Can you explain how it is that Medicaid policy permits million or multimillion dollar lottery winners to retain Medicaid coverage when they can clearly afford to purchase their own health insurance?    Mr. Pitts. I see my time is expired.    I recognize the ranking member, Mr. Green, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    We will submit the followup questions to you in writing. Please respond.    The chair now recognizes the vice chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. Guthrie, 5 minutes for questioning.    Mr. Pitts. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now I recognize the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize Dr. Burgess 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentlelady from California, Ms. Capps, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes Dr. Murphy for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Now recognizes the gentlelady from Florida, Ms. Castor, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    I now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. Bilirakis, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman Mr. Butterfield 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Indiana, Dr. Bucshon, for 5 minutes of questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    I now recognize the gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Sarbanes, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Collins, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman, now recognizes the gentleman from New York, Mr. Engel, for 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman and now recognizes the gentleman from Virginia, Mr. Griffith, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentleman.    And now the chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana, Mrs. Brooks, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady and now recognizes the gentlelady from North Carolina, Mrs. Ellmers, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Pitts. The chair thanks the gentlelady. That concludes the questions of the members.    The members will have followup questions. We will send those to you in writing. We ask you to please respond promptly.    This has been a very interesting, very informative, and excellent hearing. We thank you for your testimony, and we look forward to working together on behalf of the people to address these issues that we have heard about today.    I remind, members that they have 10 business days to submit questions for the record, and members should submit their questions by the close of business on Friday, September 25.    Without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned.