    Mr. Frey. Thank you, Chairman Miller. Good morning. It is my pleasure to be here this morning to talk about the Visa Waiver Program and be part of this distinguished panel.    I think to start off, what I would like to say is--and I guess this is a good way to start off--is to agree with you and agree with the Ranking Member to answer the question that the hearing's title posed, does the Visa Waiver Program keep us safe? I think answer to that is unequivocally yes. It is a critical counterterrorism and security tool for the United States that also facilitates travel. I would like to spend a little bit of time this morning talking specifically about why that is.    Because as you also mentioned, this is a timely hearing. Given the threats we are facing today from foreign fighters in particular, it is our responsibility to continue to evaluate programs like the VWP to continue to ensure that they are meeting the current threat environment. The good news with respect to the VWP in particular is there is a history of Congress and the Executive branch doing just that; working together to periodically reform and modernize the program to adapt to current threats. The most significant reform, and the one that is the basis for most of what we will be talking about today, was the reforms implemented in 2007 under the 9/11 Commission Act, which produced ESTA, produced information-sharing agreements and other things we will go into.    But before doing that, I would like to, you know, take a little bit of time just to talk about what the Visa Waiver Program is and, perhaps equally important, what it isn't. Because there does seem to be a perception, as I think you also said, Chairman Miller, that these people are just one flight away. In one sense that is, of course, true. But a statement like that obscures all of the work and all of the screening that DHS in particular and CBP and other agencies in the U.S. Government do to make sure that we are vetting Visa Waiver Program travelers appropriately.    So when the Visa Waiver Program waives the consular interview portion, it makes up for it with a whole host of other security requirements. One of these, of course, is ESTA, the Electronic System for Travel Authorization, which we have talked about, which does individualized prescreening and vetting of Visa Waiver Program travelers. That vetting is recurrent. So it is not that you get your ESTA and then you are good for the eligibility period. It is that ESTA continually vets applicants' data against lists and derogatory information, and ESTAs can can be revoked if new information comes to light.    The second piece of the Visa Waiver Program that is important in this context is the information-sharing and intelligence-sharing agreements that we talked about. Those are particularly important because the benefit or the information that the United States Government receives from those agreements, is fed into the ESTA vetting process. So that ensures to the extent we can that we have as much information on bad actors in foreign countries that we need to do our screening.    But there are two other parts that I think are also worth mentioning as to why the Visa Waiver Program helps keep us safe and is a key security program. The first of these is secure passports. The Visa Waiver Program mandates that travelers travel on electronic passports. These are passports that contain the biometric chip that also have the information, a digital paragraph, increasingly fingerprints, that matches the bio page. These are much, much harder to forge and to use fraudulently than regular passports. It is only within the context of the VWP that travelers are required to use these. So we have a much better confirmation of identity.    The other piece that I think is worth talking about are the regular DHS-led audits of Visa Waiver Program countries. It is a pretty--having led and participated in a number of these audits, it is a pretty remarkable tool that allows a team of DHS experts, supplemented by personnel from other agencies as appropriate, to visit a country and spend up to a week or 10 days or so reviewing security standards, border security standards, aviation security standards, passport standards, talking to their counterterrorism and security and law enforcement officials, and really giving U.S. Government visibility into the security practices of these countries.    To the extent the Department finds particular issues or items that are not up to our standards, mitigation measures can be both recommended and, in certain cases, insisted upon. It is a collaborative effort. But it is one where we have a remarkable insight into how other countries do their security, including in this context how other countries are able to both identify and track potential radicalized individuals who may become foreign fighters.    So in that sense, it is a very powerful tool. Those four elements really do work together to make the Visa Waiver Program important and an important security tool. That said, it can be evaluated. It should be evaluated, as we are doing today. So I think this hearing serves an excellent purpose. I think some of the reforms in the Visa Waiver Improvement Act of 2015 meet that objective. As you said, they are sensible reforms. They are things DHS should be looking at. In some cases, they are things that DHS is doing already. I think that should be encouraged.    I look forward to answering more of your questions going forward about the program and about the H.R. 158, the Visa Waiver Improvement Act, in particular. Thank you.    Mr. Frey. I do, yes.    Mr. Frey. Okay. Well, let me make a brief point----    Mr. Frey . About--just because it is a perfect follow-up from Dr. Bucci's comment.    Security does have to be paramount. In that context, it is worth noting that for potential countries, the Visa Waiver Program has served as a tremendous incentive to raise security standards and begin to cooperate on these issues. To cite just two examples of the countries named, both Poland and Croatia, for example, have already signed and are implementing the information-sharing agreements that we are talking about in anticipation of being qualified for VWP when and if the time comes.    So we are reaping benefits from a security perspective just by holding the carrot out to these countries and saying here are your target, you might as well start meeting it now. These countries have generally done so.    Mr. Frey. Yes, thank you, Chairman Miller.    I think that as you have said and others have said, information sharing and intelligence sharing is the cue to this. To the extent countries are not meeting their obligations or we are finding out after the fact they are not meeting their obligations, there should be measured consequences for doing so. I was not aware of this particular issue. I do know from conversations with former colleagues at DHS and elsewhere that we are getting a number of names.    I heard a--I think a statistic last week during testimony that there were something like 5,500 names provided--known and suspected terrorists provided to DHS via the so-called HSPD6, Known and Suspected Terrorist Information-Sharing Agreement. Of those 2,500 or so were new, folks that were not on our radar. The other 3,000 or so provided additional amplifying data, maybe another name, an alias, a phone number to information we already had.    So I can't speak to this particular example. But as a general matter, yes, countries have signed up to a certain standard of information sharing with respect to both terrorists and criminals, and they ought to be held to that standard. If DHS finds out that they are not or it turns out that there is a gap, then that gap ought to be addressed.    Mr. Frey. Thank you. I think--well, my colleague, Dr. Bucci, has already addressed part of that question. But the main inconvenience factor, if that is what you mean by makes it more difficult, is that if you don't have Visa Waiver status--or, frankly, and it is important to clarify that even under Visa Waiver Program status, we are talking about travel to United States under one particular category of visa, the so-called B visa for short-term stays up of to 90 days for tourism or business travel purposes.    So even if you are a Visa Waiver country, citizens from that country who are coming over here to work, to study, or for any purpose longer than 90 days still has to go through the visa process. So we are talking about a subset of travel, not the entire visa system. But certainly for a non-Visa Waiver country, a citizen would have to go make an appointment at the embassy or consolate, fill out the visa application form, submit to an interview, present biometrics, a digital photograph, and fingerprints. Then there is vetting done. That person is ultimately issued a visa.    I think it is worth making a couple of points in that respect, as well. The vetting done under the Visa Waiver Program is precisely the same as the vetting done under the visa program. The additional questions on the visa application relate much more to economic status and whether you have a job to come home to or property that you own rather than are you a security threat. So we can do sufficient vetting based on the information provided by ESTA. So the databases that the--either the State Department or CBP runs the information against are the same and return the same results.    It is also worth pointing out, of course, that for a number of these countries, the United States issues 10-year, multiple-entry visas. So even if you have an interview the first time, you have a 10-year period under which that interview is increasingly out-of-date. Now, the State Department does vetting, recurrent vetting on visa applicants, just as DHS does recurrent vetting on ESTA approvals. So you do have that backstop.    But if someone is putting quite a lot of weight on the interview, even if you accept that it adds security value--and I would agree with my colleagues that compared to all the other benefits of the Visa Waiver Program, it more than makes up for what is in the interview. But even that interview has a fleeting value. Because it is once, the first time, and then you have potentially a 10-year, multi-entry visa.    But just going to make an interview appointment, waiting in potential line at the consulate, et cetera, is what is the inconvenience factor associated with the visa travel for not much more, if any, security benefit. As a matter of fact, I would say not additional security benefit at all.    Mr. Frey. Thank you for that question, Congressman. I think there are two--it is helpful to think about the Visa Waiver Program operating on two levels; the individual level, and the country level.    To talk about the individual level, that is where ESTA, the Electronic System for Travel Authorization, is coming in. An applicant must go on-line to get authorization to travel, puts in biographic data. Just as recently as November, DHS added additional biographic data that they are collecting. They should be encouraged to continue to evaluate ESTA to look for additional information that will be helpful for a vetting process.    Then that--the traveler will get a red light or a green light as to whether or not they have an ESTA approval. If they do not have a green light, the airline will not board them for a flight.    Mr. Frey. That is right. That is precisely right. Prior to ESTA, you could do something very similar to that. That was precisely the reason in 2007 that we implemented the Electronic System for Travel Authorization; to give us advance notice, to allow us to do the advance vetting, so that you couldn't do that as a Frenchman.    Airlines are now fully compliant. Again, while I am sure as in everything it is possible for mistakes to happen, airlines are subject to fines and other penalties if they transmit or transport people without proper ESTAs, just as they are if they transmit and transport people without proper visas.    So that is the individual level. At the country level, the DHS team goes in, reviews the security standards, talks to CT and security officials to get a sense of how things are going, looks at how passports are being issued and, in fact, manufactured and what vetting is done on passport holders, for example, to make sure they are meeting the citizenship requirements and have criminal background checks and all the things these countries implement. Go to the land border, go to the airports to review security procedures and vetting capabilities. So it is a fairly intensive review; one where DHS, along with elements of the intelligence community and, of course, the State Department and potentially the FBI go in and ask these questions.    Mr. Frey. That formerly happens per the statute at least every other year. It is probably a 6- to 9-month process from beginning to end. In between, DHS has set up a sort-of a continuous monitoring process using its assets overseas, whether CBP or ICE or obviously State Department personnel, and gets reporting on that.    Mr. Frey. I am not aware of the exact cycle and whether they have been done in the last 6 months.    Mr. Frey. Thank you. I would agree with all of that and add a couple points. Just one, in many cases, the Visa Waiver Program builds on already very strong information sharing. You mentioned the Five Eyes. Of course, with the exception of Canada, those countries are all under the Visa Waiver Program. So there are relationships there.    What the VWP does in those cases which is very important, as you said, it institutionalizes those relationships, some of which may be based on personal relationships or--you know, and people obviously rotate to other jobs. This makes it automated, and it makes it institutionalized.    With newer countries--newer members of the program or countries with which the United States has had a shorter relationship, it really is what kick-started the information sharing. So that is what produces, when put together, the real value of the information sharing under the program. Because it is calibrated towards each of these countries and what information they have.    Mr. Frey. Thank you for that question, Congressman. I don't know if it is the right frame--I think what mechanisms does the Visa Waiver Program have in place. The Visa Waiver Program is part of the larger border security entry/exit program the United States has. As such, the Visa Waiver Program sort-of both benefits and in some cases suffers from some of the flaws or gaps in that program.    I agree that--with some of my colleagues here and some of the statements made that DHS needs to produce these overstay numbers and show us the tracking methodology. They haven't to date for a host of reasons. But I think the data that I have seen, some of it at this point dated. But nevertheless, data that I have seen show that Visa Waiver Program travelers, as you might expect, don't overstay in any significant numbers. They come here for their business trip, they come here for their family vacation, whatever it is, and they go home.    Mr. Frey. Well, we know that because DHS does have a biometric--I am sorry--a biographic exit system based on the passenger manifest being submitted to Customs and Border Protection. Because the 99 percent-plus of Visa Waiver Program travelers travel via air, very few will enter or exit the United States via the land border, the system in that case works. To the extent that DHS can take the manifest from the airline, from British Airways going from J.F.K. to London and say oh look, here are the people who left. We saw when they entered; they entered 3 weeks ago. We check them off as they leave.    Now, the system isn't perfect. Partly because there can be and have been, you know, name mismatches. Partly because some airlines, frankly, do a better job than others in giving a complete manifest. But that system is slowly improving. It does need to get better. I think every day it is getting better. But in the Visa Waiver air environment context, I think DHS has got fairly good visibility into who is coming in and in particular who is leaving.    Mr. Frey. Happy to, Congresswoman. Obviously, happy to do so from my perspective. The administration or the Department may have different views of this.    Mr. Frey. That is true. I think that some of which--some of them I have already discussed. In the air environment, it is a biometric--I mean a biographic system that relies on the airlines to be able to submit the information. In the past that has been problematic. In part, for example, because there have been various airline mergers over the last several years. As a result of those mergers, they have been forced to integrate old IT systems. You know--and that has proven difficult sometimes in interfacing with CBP and getting the appropriate information. That problem I think has been a bit worsened by some of the lower-cost you know, budget carriers that have now been in the market that, again, they are not spending all that much time on these issues, or perhaps as much time as they should.    I think though that the bigger problem, of course, is that the air environment is only part of this. It is a big part for the Visa Waiver Program. But it doesn't address the land border issue. If you really want to have an accurate overstay count, you are going to have to be able to address the land border problem. That from both an infrastructure and a resource perspective has proven to be a very difficult challenge as to how you ensure that folks are being identified and checked off, so to speak, when they depart via land. That has been a problem that DHS has really struggled with.    So my view has always been that even if you move to 100 percent foolproof air exit system--and I think DHS is very close, in the high 90s in terms of its ability to match by air, you are still leaving a fairly large gap in the land border. Until you close that, you are never going to have a true picture of the overstays.    Of course, the final element here is this is all assuming a conversation about people who entered legally. Also I don't want to get--I don't want to--that is a different set of questions and a different set of challenges. But people who came in illegally aren't likely to check out legally in any event, which adds to the overall uncertainty.    Mr. Frey. Sure, I am happy to take that first. I think that what DHS did in November was good. I think they evaluated what additional data they needed to do appropriate vetting, and that was the answer they came to. I don't think it should stop there. I think they should continue to evaluate, and I think they will continue to evaluate.    But I think that the biographic information provided on the ESTA form, certainly now that it has been expanded, gives you all you need to do the appropriate security vetting. Most of the other--the vast majority of the additional questions on the visa form are not for security vetting purposes. They are for economic immigration purposes; do you have a house, do you have a job, what are your family ties back in the country? So that information is sort-of, kept off from the application when it goes in for security vetting in any event.    So I think the short answer is yes, DHS probably has what it needs now, but that shouldn't stop it from looking for more as the situation evolves.    Mr. Frey. Sure. I would reiterate that and say that of course any measures--and I understand that that is not the intent here, and I agree with that. It should not be to suspend or terminate the program. Because we would also lose very important security benefits and we would--it had have a significant effect on our close allies in the face of a whole host of threats, including ISIS and foreign fighters, but also including Russia and other things. So I am glad to hear that that is not where we are going.    Because there are sensible reforms. I think the bill in question makes those sensible reforms and does so not losing sight of what has been working in the Visa Waiver Program. So building on what is a very strong foundation. But I guess if you just asked me what was one more thing that needed to change--and I have been saying this for a number of years. In the beginning, I said it somewhat facetiously, but I am increasingly convinced. The name has to change.    Mr. Frey. The Visa Waiver Program gives people the wrong impression. It makes it seem like you can--people are waived into the country----    Mr. Frey . Without security checks. It is very hard to combat that. Because it takes quite a while to explain here are all the security checks DHS and other do when it is--when it doesn't seem that way because of the name, so----    Mr. Frey. Sure. The one I have always liked is the secure travel partnership program. In part because the section of the 9/11 Commission and Limitation Act that made ESTA and the information-sharing agreements is called the Counterterrorism and Secure Partnership Act of 2007. So I always thought that that was a nice way to phrase it. Because it is, it is about working with secure partners.