    Mr. HANES. Thank you, Chairman Huelskamp, Ranking Member Chu, and members of the Subcommittee. My name is Shan Hanes, president and CEO of First National Bank of Elkhart, Kansas. I appreciate the opportunity to present the views of rural banks and the impact of overregulation in rural America.    First National Bank is a $78 million bank with a main bank location in Elkhart, Kansas, the county seat, and one branch serving Rolla, Kansas. We have 20 employees, and we are a typical agriculture (ag) bank. Despite our small size, we are the largest lender in the county and represent an average-size bank in rural Kansas.    I have been very proud to be an Ag banker in a rural community for 20-plus years. There are days we can still get in our unlocked pickup truck to go to work in the morning and have cash lying in the seat. We simply take it to work as it is a payment from a customer who will call us eventually and tell us which of their loans to apply it to.    One of my loan officer's customers actually won a multimillion dollar lottery, and he did not feel safe holding the ticket in his possession over the weekend, so he took it to his loan officer's house. He did not want us to put it in the vault. He just wanted him to hold the lottery ticket for him over the weekend. That is community banking. That is what it means to be a community rural banker.    When I started in lending, a typical consumer loan was one page and the consumer would actually read the note and disclosure. Now a typical consumer loan is closer to 20 pages with many documents to sign and customers have no interest in reading that many documents. We made a simple loan so complicated that customers simply will not read the documents.    The topic of today's hearing is very timely. Increased regulations made it much more difficult to lend and be a main driving force in our local community. Despite this, the banking industry is well-positioned to meet the needs of rural America.    In 2015, farm banks, like mine, increased ag lending 8 percent and now provide over $100 billion in total farm loans. Interest rates continue to be near record lows and banks have the people, capital, and liquidity to help rural America through any turbulence in the rural economy. Rural banks are healthy and continue to be forward-looking, growing capital, and increasing reserves.    I would like to thank Congress for its commitment to the guaranteed lending programs, both SBA and USDA. However, I believe Congress needs to consider reforms to these programs, specifically, to allow greater flexibility with SBA loans for agriculture and to raise the cap on USDA farm service agency guaranteed loans simply due to the rising cost of agriculture. There needs to be an additional in-depth look and discussion in modernizing these programs, providing something as simple as electronic signatures. Guaranteed loans have allowed our customers to continue to get access from banks like mine as they grow, ensuring credit for bank customers across the country.    We remain concerned, however, with competition on an uneven playing field. Overburdensome regulations and a lack of appraisers in rural America means small, rural banks simply cannot survive. The result would be devastating to the local residents in those communities. Every day my bank competes with other banks in parts of Kansas, but we also compete with Farm Credit System, which is a 300 billion GSE. This lender has a huge tax advantage over my bank. Currently, with the combined State and Federal tax rate of 38 percent, we have to work until July just to pay our tax bill. There needs to be serious discussion on leveling the playing field between banks and Farm Credit.    In addition to unfair competition, banks have to deal with ever-changing and expanding regulations. Due to the Dodd-Frank Act, a bank like mine has to outsource much of our compliance, and we are more than paying a full-time teller's salary for compliance and outside audit teams. The impact is one fewer bank employee serving our customers, one less paying job in a rural community.    Due to regulations, many banks in rural Kansas have moved out of the mortgage-lending business completely, often due to increased compliance. What used to be a staple for every community bank is no longer even a product offering. When you consider a bank like mine where we keep our loans in our portfolio, we are taking the risk, and any adverse decision affects our bottom line. This is why I believe that if the loan is held in portfolio, it should automatically be a qualified mortgage.    Through regulation, our loan closings have become much slower. We have had to hire an outside consultant to assist us in completing a pre- and post-closing review. In my area, there are many more houses on the market now. I believe it is partially due to the increased time it takes to close these loans. This only further slows down an already slowing rural economy.    On a real estate loan, the bank no longer makes a credit decision; the bank makes a compliance decision to determine if a loan will be made.    Lastly, there are a lack of rural appraisers, not just in Kansas, but across rural America. Increased regulations have made it harder for someone to become an appraiser, and it is especially hard for young people to get into that line of work. Lenders need appraisers or they cannot close a loan. Congress should examine the current rules of becoming an appraiser, especially in rural areas, so banks can continue to lend effectively.    Banks like mine are proud of the work we do to support our rural communities. However, it will be very difficult to simply survive to continue lending to our customers and provide for our community and your constituents if there are no reforms to the many obstacles that stand in our way. The lending decision should be made locally to customers by their community bank, not by rules and regulations from Washington, D.C. that does not understand my business or my customers.    Thank you. I would be happy to answer any questions you might have.    Mr. HANES. I have been a community lender for 20-plus years, do not want to give the exact number. I enjoy being part of production agriculture. Growing up on a farm myself, that was my lifestyle and that was my livelihood. Now I get the opportunity to help a number of customers continue their lifestyle and continue their goals. Being in a small community, being with the bank and being a leader in that community, you are on a number of boards, and we understand how vital it is to keep our community together, to keep our community whole. We need new businesses. We need people coming to town. The bank is the lifeblood of that. That is who is going to be able to bring those individuals to town. That is who is going to be able to fund those loans to allow them to realize their dreams. That is what I enjoy doing, seeing somebody be able to start their own business.    Mr. HANES. That is a huge challenge from our side. I brought a couple things I would like to show. When I came to banking 20-plus years ago, this was a real estate note. We had a note, green, nice pretty form being a bank. A mortgage, that was it. A customer would actually read that, understand it, ask us questions. This is a real estate note, now. It is a half-inch thick, lots of pages to sign. We could not get a customer to read this if we forced them to. It is just flat too thick. We have taken it from something simple to something overly complex.    In our local market we do not have a lot of secondary mortgage options. We were just informed some time ago that our secondary mortgage lender that has been a big supporter of southwest Kansas now will no longer make a real estate loan less than $50,000. Well, that seems small. The average loan size of residential loans in our portfolio, $33,000. There would not be anybody in our portfolio that would even qualify to apply for a residential loan. I understand that is not a jumbo loan in your line of work, but at our bank that is a house loan. That is a typical house loan. We have to continue to serve that market as best we can, but we have to figure out a way that we can do it within the regulatory constraints, and that is the challenge we are not meeting.    Mr. HANES. There are not a lot of options because our customers do not fit the model. They do not always have a W-2 that allows them to get paid once a month, and it is an easy way to figure their income. They have farm income. They have Schedule Fs, it does not fit the box. The loans that we wind up with are the ones that do not have access, cannot get access to those other markets. As a result, they have limited access to credit.    Mr. HANES. I appreciate the question because that is exactly why I am here. That has been the big challenge. As I testified earlier, it used to be a source of pride within our little community bank. When we would do audits, or something internally, we would use it as a cross-training opportunity. We would grab somebody that might be from the other side of the bank and have them audit a loan side, or have a loan side audit an operations side. It was a way we could educate, we could cross train, we could bring that next level of leaders into the bank. Because they have gotten so thick, so heavy, and frankly, they are ever-changing, we cannot do that anymore. We do not have the expertise. We cannot have the expertise in our little 20-employee shop. What we have had to do is outsource to outside firms that come in for a period of a week or a few days and do those audits. Well, that comes at a cost. In our respect, we are paying more than a full-time employee's salary to outside firms to come in and do audits that we used to be able to do ourselves. I do not have a problem doing the audits. I do not have a problem following the regs, but they have gotten so large, so cumbersome, and frankly, they seem to change and we cannot do that anymore. The effects one less employee, one less teller serving our customers, our customers do not get as good a service, one less job in the community. You are right, we are the t-ball coach and the swim coach and the basketball coach. It is one less job.    Mr. HANES. Sure. Thank you, I appreciate that.    The biggest house loan in town probably would struggle to get to six digits. We do not have that large of a housing market. The largest number of people looking for a house loan do not want, do not need, and would not ask for a loan in six digits. They are looking for that $50,000 to $60,000, that $40,000 house to get them started. The secondary market is not an option because they simply will not even take an application if it is under $50,000 because they have determined anything below that is not profitable for them. So, their only option is their local community bank, and the majority of the banks around me do not make residential real estate loans anymore. As a result of that, they have far less access to credit than they would have had before, and it has put them at a disadvantage both now and for the long term. They cannot own a house.    Mr. HANES. Yes, we do.    Mr. HANES. That is the part I would like to say, Ms. Chu. We were supposed to be exempted from a lot of Dodd-Frank and that threshold. But what happened, whether intentionally or probably unintentionally, was the trickle-down effect, exactly what we are talking about. What is a best practice for Bank of America, the examiners see that and they see that is a nice stress test, that is a nice little study, why do you guys not do that, too? It trickles down to where, all of a sudden, we are doing that same thing as Bank of America. The big banks, they might have a team, a department, a program that they developed to handle that, we do not. We have got Excel. We have to come up with something that is going to work. That trickle-down effect is what we were not exempted from. I agree that is a challenge.    Mr. HANES. I believe there are several ways. I believe you are referring to Farm Credit Services and their tax-exempt status on real estate loans. They currently have a tax rate of about 4 percent. If you compare that to my 38 percent bracket, that is a huge, unlevel playing field. There are several ideas that I would like to consider. The biggest and the most obvious is they do not pay income tax on income earned from interest on real estate loans. Give us that same opportunity. I do not mind competing with anybody, that is what made America great. But let us compete on a level playing field and do not let me start 34 percentage points behind them on a tax rate.    Mr. HANES. Sorry about that.    Number one, as I said earlier, we are now making a compliance decision, not a credit decision--when we look at a loan--and that is wrong. That is not what we are built to do. That is not what we should be doing, but we are making a compliance decision. Are we going to make this loan? Is this one that we are not going to get written up for later? Is this one that we are not going to have to redisclose everything because we got something on a wrong line? It is a compliance decision to not make a loan versus a credit decision.    I would like to follow up on your original comment there, I had an opportunity in 2011 to put a holding company together to buy the local bank, a great source of pride and a great opportunity. I have actually gone down that exact path. To follow up on what Mr. Stanley said, community banks have become profitable in spite of Dodd-Frank; definitely not because of Dodd-Frank. We continue to work around and with those rules. The reason you invest in the local small bank, I can tell you is because you want the bank there. You do not want it being sold. You do not want it closed. The group that we put together, they grew up there. They want their local bank there. They grew up knowing that that was their bank and that was where their kids banked, and those kids are now customers. They have moved on to California or wherever, and they are still our customers. The reason you get investors to invest is because they want their local bank and they want to be a part of their local bank. We are not getting investors from outside; we are getting investors from down the street and across the street.