    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Director Comey, for coming and being with us here this afternoon. I won't take my 5 minutes, so I will make a couple of comments and beginning by saying that I hope that all of the Members of the Committee would take note that the Director is actually answering our questions, and that is obviously very refreshing in that we get a lot of witnesses here. And if they bring them, we might not like them; if we bring them, they don't seem to like them. And it's good to get information without passing judgment.    And I think that's what you have done very well here today. You are not passing judgment on Apple and their motivation. And I think in not questioning people's motivation, it's easier to get a solution, because once you do that, everybody kind of says: ``Okay, let's get all our defenses up.'' And, really, what we need to be doing is defending the American people, not Apple or any company or the FBI for that matter, but defending the American people. So I want to thank you for that.    And I just want to suggest that we continue these conversations. I buy a house. I have no reasonable expectation that if you get a warrant, you are going to go into my--any drawer in my bedroom. When I buy the house, I don't have any expectation of privacy once you get a warrant to come. I do expect you to get one.    I come from a time when I wasn't quite sure the Chicago Police and law enforcement was actually getting warrants in the city of Chicago in the 1960's to get that, so we want to be a little careful and make sure. I am trusting of you. If you were the FBI agent, I would say, no problem, Director Comey, come on in.    But, unfortunately, there are human beings at all the different levels of government, and I just want to say that I am happy you came because I don't have that expectation in my car. I don't have that expectation--I don't use the computer a lot to--I still write. I don't have any expectation.    But the difference is--and I think you have made and I think this Committee should take it into consideration--we do put a lot of information in these contraptions, and the reason we put them there is because we don't want to put them on a notebook; we want to keep them private. But I really don't have any expectation that once I put this, if you have a lawful warrant, that you should be able to get it, even from my computer. I think that's where you are going.    Could you--is that where you think--have I heard you right?    Mr. Gutierrez. Yeah, I think we're in the same place then, because I do have a reasonable expectation of privacy in my home. But if you go to court, you convince the judge, and you overcome it, I have never had any expectation that a court order, because I bought something, I am going to be able to overcome a court order. So I think we're in the same place.    So thank you so much, Director, for coming and sharing time. I hope to share more time with you so we can talk some more. Thank you.    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    First of all, I'd like to ask through the Chair if Congressman Lofgren has a need for any time, I'd like to yield to her first.    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you.    So, I'm happy I yielded the time to you. I always know it's one of the smartest things I do is work with Congressman Lofgren in this Committee.    But I just want to share with you, look, I understand the competing interests here. But I think, Mr. Sewell, you should understand that I love your products. You know, I used to think, you know, house, then a car, now I think technology. Between what they charge me for the Internet, all the stuff I buy just to get information every day, it's--but don't worry, I can afford it. I'm not going into the poorhouse because of it.    So I'm excited about all of the new things that I get to and how it improves my life. And so I'm thankful to men and women in technology for doing that. But a lot of times in this place, there's adversarial positions taken, and I would hope, simply, that we would look for a way in which we put the safety interests of the American people.    I understand that you think that if we find a back door, that that causes all kinds of insecurity. But in this Committee, I'm going to work with Congressman Lofgren, but I'm also going to work with Trey Gowdy. We're going to work--a lot of times bipartisanship in this place is many times promoted, but very rarely rewarded in this place, because everybody says, oh, you should take one position or another.    I'm going to take a position for the American people. While you might dispute, I kind of look at apple as an American company. I look at Toyota as a Japanese company, BMW as a German. I look at you as an American company, and so that's the way I see you. You can dispute that, you may look at yourself as an international entity, but I always looked at you as the pride. When I take this phone as a member of the Intelligence Committee, and I take this phone to China, the Intelligence Community of the United States of America, the first thing before I get off that plane, they take it away from me. So there are bad actors out there already intervening with your products, or I don't think the fine people of the Intelligence Community would take away one of the things that I need the most in my life.    So having said that, I hope we might find a way so that we could balance the security needs and the safety needs of the people of the United States and their rights to privacy. I think it's essential and important. And I want to thank you guys for coming and talking to us, and let's try to figure it out all together. Thanks.    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you, Mr. Sewell.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.