    Mr. Butterworth. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Butterworth. Thank you. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Payne, and distinguished Members of the subcommittee, my name is Jim Butterworth, and I am the director of the Georgia Emergency Management Agency and Office of Homeland Security. I am also the homeland security advisor to Governor Nathan Deal.    I am here on behalf of the National Emergency Management Agency or NEMA. I appreciate the opportunity to come before you today to discuss FEMA preparedness grants and the specific impact proposed cuts in the fiscal year 2017 budget could have on States across the country.    As stated, the administration's fiscal year 2017 budget proposals include significant cuts to many of FEMA's grant programs that support State and local disaster response. These grants have been used to enact many programs that did not previously exist in the scale needed, if at all, to address the new and ever-changing threats facing our Nation. It is impossible to imagine a scenario in which the significant proposed cuts do not affect the operational capabilities at the State and local level.    The threat of terror attacks here in the United States continues to evolve and increase. Chattanooga, Fort Hood, Boston, and now San Bernardino, all illustrate the need for continued investments. The growing number of novel events that can take unexpected turns has prompted greater involvement by emergency management for its capability, experience, and flexibility to deal with issues as they emerge. While the country has made significant strides in our understanding of and preparedness for these events, this is not the time to scale back these efforts.    In Georgia, State homeland security grants have been utilized to develop and grow specialized programs, fund training and exercise, and build equipment caches that were beyond the reach of State and local governments to fund in traditional methods.    I have included several examples in my written testimony that illustrate the numerous programs that have been implemented in my State with support from these grants. These are only a small portion of the resources within Georgia that rely on homeland security grant funds for continued funding to maintain and sustain the capability that has been built in our State.    The issue we now face is that beginning with the decline seen in fiscal year 2011 cycle, many of the programs that once received annual funding are now only receiving funding on a rotating basis, roughly every 2 or 3 years. If funding were to drop further below their current levels, as they do in the current proposed President's budget, we would begin to see a contraction in the needed capability we have been able to achieve in Georgia.    In addition to the proposed cuts to the State homeland security grants, Georgia, like many States, would also feel the effects of the reduction of funds provided through the Urban Area Security Initiative, as has been discussed already.    GEMA/Homeland Security works in close conjunction with the Metro Atlanta, UASI, and the separate but critical funding allotment they receive allows GEMA/Homeland Security to leverage more of a traditional State homeland security grant funding to the benefit of lesser at-risk, yet still critical cities and regions across the State, multiplying the effectiveness of both grant programs in enhancing the capability of both urban and suburban public safety.    Three final points I would like to make: First, impacts to response and recovery capabilities do not stop at a State's border. Through mutual aid facilitated by the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, or EMAC, any decrease in funding reverberates across the Nation. This year, the administration proposes a 56 percent cut to the very platform that supports the sharing of resources across the Nation in times of crisis.    Using EMAC, much of the assets and capability built with homeland security grant funding is readily deployable to support emergency or disaster operations throughout the country. Funded at $2 million, this system saves the Government money and is the backbone of a truly National response and recovery network.    We truly appreciate the administration's support for a fully-funded emergency management performance grant program. EMPG is the only source of Federal funding directed to State and local governments for planning, training, exercises, and key professional expertise for all-hazards emergency preparedness. EMPG stands as the beacon of Congressional commitment to ensuring communities and States are more ready to prepare, mitigate, respond, and recover from any number of emergencies and disasters.    Last, Federal funding for homeland security grant programs has decreased by more than 75 percent since the program's inception in 2003, yet the structure remains unchanged. Declining budgets at all levels of government have increased the need to leverage resources and to facilitate cross-jurisdictional coordination. We can no longer afford to operate in separate silos. Given these on-going challenges and the current fiscal environment, the need for reform of these preparedness grants has never been more urgent.    Again, I appreciate the opportunity to address these critical issues in the emergency management community. It speaks volumes that your first hearing as Chairman of the subcommittee would be dedicated to the critical fiscal challenges facing the emergency management and homeland security community in these uncertain times.    Thank you for the opportunity to be here and to testify before the committee.    Mr. Butterworth. You could just go down the panel. Just your opinion.    Mr. Butterworth. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I think the year-over-year investment has historically, especially since 2011, has been in somewhat of a decline. We have seen in recent years a holding steady, and that reflects very much a maintenance mode that we are in. We are not capable of expanding in the current environment from the local level to the State level. But the maintenance that we are doing, the recurring maintenance on a 2- to 3-year basis is critical. To further decrease those funds would change that cycle from a 2- to 3-year refreshment of any number of different forms of training, resources, hardware, to a 5- to 6-year cycle. I think those types of things, the wrong time right now to do that based on the current threat level.    Mr. Butterworth. The short answer is no, sir, we would not. We would have to drastically reduce the recurrence of that training and basically do more with less. We fully understand the idea of caps and the necessity to find efficiencies. I would submit to you, Mr. Chairman, that we have done that. The National Emergency Management Association, emergency managers across the country, and Homeland Security advisers as well, have found ways to do that. To further task the team with that would definitely get to the point of increasing the adversarial opportunities.    Mr. Butterworth. Yes, sir. Thank you, Ranking Member Payne. I appreciate the opportunity to comment on both of those. No. 1, we have not been contacted directly about the competitive grants. Quite frankly, how that process would play out remains a bit of a mystery at our level. To transition to the CVE program, we saw the value with our deputy director of Homeland Security in Georgia. We began conversations several months ago to have discussions about the countering violent extremism, where it would be placed, what level would be appropriate. We have built a program in Georgia, and we are excited to see the opportunity.    We are encouraged by the investment that Congress and the administration has made to the end of countering violent extremism. We look forward to the opportunity of a productive conversation. But to this point, unfortunately, we haven't had those at the Federal level. We continue to do that at the State level, and look forward to those conversations. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Butterworth. Thank you, Congressman. The first answer is it is highly disastrous. The first thing I would say, it is nice to see you. Thank you for the job that you do for Georgia in representing us very, very well.    Mr. Butterworth. We certainly appreciate your time in that regard.    Detrimental would be another term that I would use. Urban search and rescue teams would be cut in half. We currently have 15. K-9, or explosive ordnance disposal teams, we currently have 9 in regional areas. Those will be cut in half, if not larger. The Information Sharing and Analysis Center, the fusion center in Georgia would largely go unfunded. Currently, we put $1.4 million of Department of Homeland Security funds into that facility. That would largely go unfunded because of other areas that would have to be shored up, for lack of a better term. It is highly detrimental to the end result.    The Emergency Management Assistance Compact. I was encouraged in the earlier discussion, earlier panel, Congressman, Mayor de Blasio used the term that we coined in Georgia, ``if it ain't broke, don't fix it.'' I was encouraged to hear him say that. I would also apply that to the EMAC operation itself. EMAC would largely go unfunded as well.    As you know, if an area is impacted, it is typically not defined in one State, it is across State borders in many cases. There is the opportunity, as we saw in South Carolina last fall with the flooding, we provided individuals specifically to help them in the recovery process. All of those things would be detrimentally impacted. We certainly would appreciate your help in that regard. Thank you, sir.    Mr. Butterworth. Yes, sir. That is exactly true. The fusion center is definitely the focal point for intelligence--obviously, intelligence gathering, information sharing, and analysis. I think that impact would basically force us to go blind in many respects. I defer to my panel colleague Mr. Sena in that regard, specifically on the fusion center topic. But we would definitely be operating largely in the blind.    Mr. Butterworth. Thank you, sir. A quick comment. Going on some of my previous background as an Air Force aviator, I have seen the issue that having interoperability is--the problem of not having that interoperability brings. One airplane that I flew had 8 different radios in order to facilitate different communications, immediate communications, with individuals both in the air and on the ground. I saw on more than one occasion the operation worked to a detriment because first-hand communication was not capable. I have also seen in the first responder world in Georgia, multijurisdictional problems, just like Chief Turner has referenced, across the State is a challenge.    We, to that end, have initiated and perpetuated a recurring training cycle of interoperability, where we bring jurisdictions from all over the State of Georgia and put those interoperability capabilities in a close geographical location to facilitate better communication. That has made an incredible difference in the State of Georgia. I know my peers in other States have done the same thing.    If these cuts become reality, those training opportunities would be minimal, and it would be an extremely detrimental impact to interoperability capabilities. Thank you, sir.