    Mr. Johnson. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. And, Mr. Wilkins, thank you for being here today.    You have requested $25 million out of the USF fund to reimburse the agency for costs of oversight administration of the fund, with $10 million of this amount going to the creation of the Joint USF Antifraud Taskforce. Do you expect the fund for USF oversight administration to be a one-time disbursement, or do you expect this to be an ongoing effort?    Mr. Johnson. So it is ongoing, am I understanding that----    Mr. Johnson. Yes.    Mr. Johnson. What----    Mr. Johnson. What is that money going to be used for? The budget request says salaries and IT. Is it going to pay salaries----    Mr. Johnson . IT or both?    Mr. Johnson. Prior to this request, how did the agency fund these costs?    Mr. Johnson. OK. The FCC acknowledges that it has collected just over $90 million in excess regulatory fees, so will the commission or the Administration, as was called for in GAO's 2012 report to Congress, titled Federal Communications Commission regulatory fee process needs to be updated, will they provide Congress with a proposal to true-up these fees so as to avoid continued growth of the uncollected funds?    Mr. Johnson. Over-collected funds, I am sorry.    Mr. Johnson. All right. As you also know, Mr. Wilkins, the FCC is well aware of the legal challenges ahead once the Order is released. There may be reconsideration requests filed at the commission, Motions for a Stay of the Order, and appeals of the Order that could go all the way to the Supreme Court. Has the FCC budgeted and estimated the potential resources needed and costs of the litigation for this year's budget request?    Mr. Johnson. OK. Litigating the Title II Order will not be costless though. Do you agree that is fair to say?    Mr. Johnson. Has the commission projected how much the cost will be for 2016, '17, '18 and '19? You may have just answered that. You haven't projected that out?    Mr. Johnson. OK. One final question, and if you would please for the sake of time, just a simple yes or no. Wouldn't the commission have saved a significant amount of money if it had let Congress legislate on net neutrality instead of moving forward with an ill-fated Title II Order that it knows is going to be litigated for years?    Mr. Johnson. No. Why? Why do you say no? Cost of litigation? Because you just said that it was going to be----    Mr. Johnson. The cost of litigation was not going to be negligible, so----    Mr. Johnson. But that litigation is not free. That litigation is not free. The taxpayers are paying for that litigation, so the question is wouldn't it have been more prudent to let Congress work with the FCC to get a legislative fix to net neutrality, rather than spending taxpayer dollars to litigation something that they know is going to be litigated?    Mr. Johnson. But they don't do it for free, that is the point I am making. They don't do it for free.    Mr. Johnson. If they weren't doing that, they would be doing other things that are meaningful and useful for the taxpayers, not litigating something that they could have precluded by working with Congress. Do you see what I am saying?    Mr. Johnson. OK.    Mr. Johnson. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.