    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much.    Mr. Canoll, you were talking about the need to register drones and enforcement and all. Would that be all drones, or are you just--is there some size limit, or some cutoff point at which you ought to be able to have a toy drone without having to turn your identity over to the Federal Government?    Mr. Farenthold. Like I can go on Amazon, and this is the best selling UAV , I guess, they have. It is $45.90. I can have it by Friday, because I am an Amazon Prime member, for free shipping. But the shipping weight is 1.1 pound.    Mr. Farenthold. And it has a range of 50 meters. I mean that is 165 feet. You are surely not saying that needs to be registered.    Mr. Farenthold. But if it only has a range of 50 meters, it is only going to get, what, 165 feet. So you are only----    Mr. Farenthold. OK, and let's go over to the FAA.    Mr. Whitaker, I have spoken to some folks in the UAV industry who have actually expressed an interest in working with you all on geofencing. Is there any way right now a UAV manufacturer can get a list of restricted airspace in a machine-readable format that they could integrate into their system?    Mr. Farenthold. So is there--so you are saying there is a standardized database that is updated regularly? I guess it is your Notice to Airmen?    Mr. Farenthold. And do you have any idea--so you all are able to get that computerized, yet you are talking about the inability to keep a database of registered owners. I mean that seems pretty simple: name, address, manufacturer, model, and serial number. I mean I could probably code that, you know, before we finish lunch.    Mr. Farenthold. All right. And let's talk a little bit about--is there a way to integrate these affordably into the air traffic control system by putting some transponder or something on there where the air traffic controllers or the ADS-B and moving aircraft can see them?    Again, as this technology moves, it seems like you ought to be able to get that, basically, on a chip.    Mr. Farenthold. All right. So, finally, let's talk for just one second about the difference between recreational users and commercial users. A lot of the recreational users like to stick a GoPro or some sort of camera on their drone. You then upload that to YouTube, and YouTube sells ads on them. And where do you cross the line into commercial use and private use?    Mr. Farenthold. I can just see there being, you know, being some potential gray areas there, you know. My----    Mr. Farenthold. My kids put a lemonade stand up and they post a video, a shot with the UAV of them selling lemonade at their lemonade stand, you potentially cross that line.    So I would just--my point is--and I would urge a light touch there for recreational users who really aren't being reckless. And, obviously, a lot of details there, and hopefully that is what some of your test centers that you are partnering with--universities, and the rulemaking processes are--but we have got to find the right balance between moving quickly, but not overregulating and killing a future industry.    I see my time has expired. Thank you.