    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you very much for this hearing.    And frankly, I agree with my Democratic colleagues in recognizing that the SNAP program as a policy is a very important policy to protect seniors and children and families in poverty and folks in the military with a focus on making sure that they don't go hungry. And like many of my colleagues on this committee, I want to make sure that we address the fraud issues and we also, as Ms. Plaskett, my colleague from the Virgin Islands just identified, that there are issues that we need to address that don't meet the requirements of the program but still shine a light on the extraordinary circumstances that so many of these families face.    And I want to point out that even when we have fraud where someone is selling their food stamp benefit, they are in collusion with the grocery store in the private sector, and so we really need to be thinking about that. And I want everyone to know, and I think they do, that SNAP I think is one of the most important policies and programs in this country and that I believe, based on the evidence that I have seen, that generally speaking it has a very low fraud rate, and I think that that is a remarkable standard. What I wish for every program is that there was a zero fraud rate.    But I do want to talk about the integrity of the program as a whole, and I am very, very concerned about that on two levels. I have very deep concerns about the integrity of the SNAP program in my State in New Mexico. I believe that these problems are clearly being caused by the way the State is administering the program and the fact that I don't believe that the Federal Government has been providing sufficient oversight, and the results are that many eligible New Mexicans who need emergency benefits are not getting them, and the overall result of course is that they are going hungry, which is why New Mexico has some of the hungriest children and families in the country still.    Now, Mr. Concannon, in your testimony you are very clear that FNS needs to take a look--and I think I am quoting you--look carefully at States that are pushing recipients off SNAP programs or are not processing SNAP applications or application re-certifications in a timely manner. And I know that you are aware that the State of New Mexico has been doing just that because we are in court, we have sent you letters, we have asked you to do an investigation. We have been very involved.    And that these New Mexico advocates that you and I have personally spoken about have been raising this issue in fact with your office for years. In fact, our office received a formal letter in April from the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees, which represents many of the State employees involved in this issue who administer the SNAP program. And, Mr. Chairman, I ask for unanimous consent to enter the letter into the record.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. I was pretty sure that was going to occur. Thank you, sir.    Now, these employees, as you know, allege that the State has failed to provide training and staff support and all true, so that what is occurring in New Mexico is that in order to meet the time request to deal with emergency applications, they are adding assets to falsify those applications so that people don't get the benefit that they deserve and need, and that is a very serious integrity program.    But just as terrible and heinous as that is that current court records indicate that that has been going on since 2003. So in addition to the years that I have been asking the Department to look at this and in addition to the April letter where I asked for an investigation, it looks as if the Department has had information about this very issue since 2003. And we can see that one of those results is the hungriest State in the country.    Now, the most disturbing thing to me--I just want to repeat this--isn't these lapse of audits and integrity and issues between the Federal Government and State government. The most egregious issue here is that I have vulnerable families that aren't getting the support that they deserve it.    And according to AFSCME, there is a pattern and practice of adding these assets that should have been counted as income or adding assets in order absolutely to prevent people in our State who are eligible for being eligible.    So basically the State is lying to you, Mr. Concannon, and it is also clear to me that we have not been holding them accountable since at least July of 2014. Now, I need to understand why your office didn't know about these violations since 2003 and hasn't responded to us and others when you had clear knowledge of what is going on. So before the AFSCME letter, given all these issues, why didn't your office take--and then after, why didn't your office take immediate action?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. And I am out of time ----    Mr. Concannon.--right now by the inspector general of ----    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Because in a letter from your office, we don't have that. They are being investigated for this issue?    Ms. Lujan Grisham. As I yield back my time, and the chairman is being very generous, what I have in writing from your office, sir, is that you are going to hold beneficiaries accountable for overpayments and that there is not an ongoing investigation about this issue. So I am very happy to hear that what we have in writing is incorrect, and I am expecting you to put in writing your statements today so we get this rectified.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Lujan Grisham. Thank you.