    Mr. Shur. Thank you, Chairman Burgess, Ranking Member Schakowsky, and all members of the subcommittee.    My name is Steve Shur. I am the president of Travel Tech. The association represents online travel agents, global distribution systems, and short-term rental platforms.    Our online travel agent members, OTAs as they are known, have created the marketplace where consumers can shop for all aspects of travel in a single platform. Travelers have benefitted immeasurably from the ability to search, compare, and book hotels through the technology created and operated by the members of Travel Tech.    When suppliers have to compete in a dynamic marketplace, consumers benefit in the form of lower prices and better service offerings. The scale and popularity of third-party online booking sites illustrates consumers' preferences and confidence. Last year Expedia helped travelers book over 200 million room nights. Trip Advisor reaches 340 million unique monthly visitors and hosts more than 350 million reviews. Priceline partners with over 370,000 hotels in 170 countries.    Integrity in the hotel booking marketplace is critical. Without it, companies that fail to deliver reliable customer service and seamless transactions with their hotel partners will not survive. OTAs thrive on ensuring that customers have a positive experience every time they book. Each of our members has 24-hour customer service teams ready to assist travelers who choose to book on their platforms.    Travel Tech strongly opposes H.R. 4526 on all fronts. We categorically reject the premise of a need for such legislation. This bill would impose new, burdensome requirements on online travel sites without any justification for doing so. Online travel companies would needlessly have to provide additional notification to the consumer that they are ``not affiliated with'' the hotel with which the consumer is about to book his stay. However, online travel companies are absolutely affiliated with hotels. Hotels willingly sign contracts with OTAs to take advantage of this very effective marketing and distribution channel. Further, it is unclear why this heightened standard for intermediaries or distributors is needed for online hotel bookings, but not for the online purchase of any other goods.    H.R. 4526 would authorize the FTC to study whether the new disclosure requirements are necessary and if consumers are, indeed, confused about where they are booking their hotel rooms. It seems illogical to apply new, onerous regulations on American businesses without a demonstrable record of consumer harm, while simultaneously acknowledging that a study is needed to confirm whether these regulations are necessary in the first place.    H.R. 4526 would amend the Restore Online Shoppers' Confidence Act, a bill that was passed several years ago to address a practice in which people were truly harmed by companies sharing credit card information with other entities without their knowledge or consent. Associating an entire reputable industry with this activity addressed in the Restore Online Shoppers' Confidence Act is a gross misappropriation of the facts and an assault on our industry's reputation and integrity.    There is no tangible record of consumer complaints justifying any part of this legislation, only unsubstantiated claims offered by the hotel industry in an effort to scare consumers into booking direct. We have all seen the book-direct advertising campaigns by the hotel chains. The motivations here are clear.    The hotel lobby claims that 15 million Americans are scammed every year by third-party booking sites. Fifteen million, that is 41,000 Americans every day showing up at a hotel, only to find that their reservation was lost and that they were scammed. Where are these numbers coming from? Where is the evidence?    The FTC has no record that such complaints have been lodged. The nation's leading consumer groups are not aware of fraud, certainly not at this level. Bloggers and reporters who root out issues like this have no record of such activity taking place.    According to the hotel lobby, 41,000 people every day have been scammed by third-party booking sites, and the only place you have heard about this problem is from the trade association representing the largest hotel chains. The hotel lobby is fabricating a problem as a means to boost its members' margins by scaring consumers into thinking that booking anywhere other than direct is risky and riddled with fraud. It is just not true. It is insulting to consumers.    Any government action in this regard should be predicated on a tangible record of consumer harm, rather than anecdotes provided by a trade association that wants to dismantle the transparency of a marketplace where consumers can compare prices and services across brands.    I urge the members of the subcommittee not to wade into what is essentially a contractual battle between the hotel industry and their own distribution partners. OTAs are proud to offer consumers a safe, effective, and transparent marketplace where hotel properties compete on price and service.    Thank you for the opportunity to speak in opposition to H.R. 4526. I look forward to your questions.