    Mr. Johnson. Thank you.    Ambassador Crocker, you see no strategy. But I see a strategy working with coalition partners and local partners like the Kurdish forces and the Syrian Arabs to deal with the ground issue, which has resulted in about 25 percent of the area that ISIL covered having been recovered. I see a strategy of working with the Turks to secure the Turkish border, to prevent the revolving door of radicalized terrorists in and out of Syria.    I see a strategy of working to cut off ISIL's financing. I see a strategy of working to disrupt and expose the messaging that ISIL uses to radicalize and recruit terrorists. I see a strategy of working to stabilize the areas that have been liberated from ISIL control. I see addressing the issue of air power for the last year in both Iraq and Syria.    That is a strategy. That strategy is being tweaked as events occur. So I think it is unfair to say that there is no strategy. I think there is clearly a strategy. And another strategy that has been employed is to protect our homeland from events such as that which happened in Paris last Friday the 13th. And that is what Americans fear the most is an attack here on the homeland.    And what I hear you gentlemen in unison with an old strategy, that, quite frankly, contributed to us being at this point where we are now, with the ill-fated invasion of Iraq as a response to 9/11, you would have us do the same thing now, go into Syria with a no-fly zone, or a safe zone, as you call it, Mr. McLaughlin, but what it is is actually a no-fly zone.    And then both of you argued that the U.S. should lead a multilateral ground invasion, both in Iraq and Syria, but you don't have an end game. You don't tell us how long we are going to be there, how much money it is going to take, how many of Americans' sons and daughters will have to be killed and maimed in an endless war on foreign shores, us occupying basically. I mean, that is what it would result in.    And those two tactics, or those two strategies, ground war and air no-fly zone, do absolutely nothing to stop the development of homegrown radicalized terrorists, which is what most Americans fear. They fear a terrorist attack here in the U.S. How will what you propose prevent or staunch the growth of homeland terrorists that would strike Americans here on American soil? How would a ground war, thousands of miles away from here, stop that?    Mr. Johnson. Well, how can we stop it?    Mr. Johnson. It is the main problem.    Mr. Johnson. Well, how will a ground invasion over there stop that?    Mr. Johnson. I have heard you say you want to lead, you want the U.S. to lead, and you want us to lead a multinational force to occupy, to basically go in and take and hold land. That is what I have heard both of you say throughout this hearing, and I think I am the last Congressman to ask a question.    Mr. Johnson. That is all I have heard. A lot of blaming of President Obama and his team for what is happening now on the world stage. That is all I have heard.    Mr. Johnson. It is quite easy----    Mr. Johnson. It is quite easy to sit back and when you are not involved and criticize. And that is--certainly, we need to hear from voices who disagree, you know. And Congress has a role in this, certainly.    And I am not begrudging you having differences, but I do take issue with the scenario that there is no plan of action, the President is weak and indecisive and, therefore, is responsible for what is going on now with national security. I cannot let that idea, which is being perpetrated on to the American public, to drum us up towards another war that we participate in with ground forces. I just cannot let that go by without commenting critically, as critically as you all have been of the current policies that are taking place now.    And I thank the chairman for indulging me.    The Chairman. Mr. O'Rourke, you have an additional question.