    Ms. McCoy. Mr. Chairman, ranking member, members of the subcommittee. Thank you for the opportunity to discuss VA's commitment to reducing the pending inventory of appeals and increasing efficiency within the process.    The VA has made significant progress, 60 percent reduction in 22 months, on its goal to eliminate its disability claims backlog, which is any rating claim that is pending more than 125 days, and improve the quality of its decisions on claims.    VBA set a record production in fiscal year 2014 over 1.3 million claims completed without sacrificing quality, which at the claim level is at 91 percent now, compared to 83 percent in 2011. Looking at quality down at the medical issue level, the accuracy is at 96 percent.    Amidst VA's record-breaking production we remain committed to making the appellate process more timely and efficient for our Nation's veterans and their families.    With this increased rating production, VA's volume of appeals has grown proportionately. Historically, the rate of appeal has remained steady over about the last 20 years, regardless of production or quality. VA's historical administrative appeal rate has remained constant at about 10 to 11 percent of all claimants filing a notice of disagreement or what we call an NOD. And about 4 to 5 percent then completing an appeal to the Board of Veterans' Appeals.    These statistics indicate that veterans tend to exercise their right to appeal at the prevailing rate regardless of the nature of VBA's initial decision. This data also reflects there is no correlation between accuracy of the initial claims decisions and the rates of appeal.    In fiscal year 2014, VBA received 145,000 NODs, which equates to about 11 percent of the claims decided by VBA that year.    The majority of the appellate process is conducted at VBA's regional offices before the case is transferred to the Board for a final agency decision. Each regional office is required to review the appellant's claim file, many of them are multi-volume files, and obtain or make substantial effort to obtain all the evidence that is relevant to the case.    Due to the open record for appeals, appellants can submit new evidence or make new arguments at any time resulting in many cycles of additional development.    During the review, the RO will also grant additional benefits as warranted along the way, allowing veterans to receive compensation benefits more quickly.    It should be noted that approximately 72 percent of appeals are from veterans who are already in receipt of compensation benefits. VBA also oversees the Appeals Management Center, or the AMC, in Washington, DC, which was established in 2003. It is a centralized resource for processing of appeals remanded by the Board for additional development, about two-thirds of which are due to additional evidence received after they have been certified to the Board.    VBA allocates significant resources to appeals in its regional offices, about 950 full-time employees right now, and at the AMC, about 191 full-time employees.    Members of the appeals teams in the regional offices and AMC are dedicated to working appeals only during normal business hours, and have been completing disability compensation claims during overtime hours.    In fiscal year 2014, VBA took almost 182,000 appeal actions, an increase of 13.4 percent from the prior year. VBA is also redesigning the manner in which employees are evaluated. We have launched a performance standard work group comprised of our leaders, union leaders and employees to do the work. To fundamentally change performance standards of claims processors from task-oriented points to a system that is one focused on veteran outcomes. The effort also includes input from others outside of VA on how performance is measured in other agencies and in the private sector.    Just as we have transformed the rating claims process, we are looking also to transform the appeal process, using employee training, tools, streamlining processes and implementing modern technology. It is not something we can do ourselves, we count on working with Congress, the veterans service organizations and other stakeholders to explore long-term legislative solutions that provide veterans the timely and meaningfully right of appeal that they deserve.    This concludes my remarks. I will be happy to address any questions you have.    Ms. McCoy. Thanks for that question, ma'am. We have looked at this with all of our partners, with the Board of Veterans' Appeals, with the veteran service organizations, with congressional support, looking at all the sort of opportunities that we can find to make this process better for veterans and their families.    I would say that we are in the process right now of adding about 300 full-time employees in VBA, which by the beginning of fiscal year 2016 we will then add that number to our appeals cadre across the country. So that we have added some full-time employees, but we are also looking at efficiencies that will be gained with the electronic record in VBMS. Right now on the rating side we have about 94 percent of our ratings pending claims are electronic claims in VBMS. And that number is growing as far as the appeals every day.    Ms. McCoy. Absolutely. There are a lot of due process protections built into the appeals process. We make a decision an initial decision on a case. I mentioned in my opening statement about 72 percent of appellants are receiving compensation, and about 56 percent of them are receiving 50 percent or more in evaluations. So it is important for us to focus on that initial rating claim to get those benefits in folks' hands. It is equally important to focus on appeals.    We receive a notice of disagreement in an informal appeal, and we take action on that. That can include a step--we issue a statement of a case. We may also grant a benefit at that point and issue another rating decisions.    If the appellant decides to make a formal appeal and file a form 9, then we can have additional statements to the case. There are decision review officer hearings before and after that certification. There are multiple stages in the appeal process to make sure the veteran has their day in court, they are allowed to be heard, that we make sure we gather all of the evidence. And because some of these appeals do pend over a period of time, conditions do worsen. I do want to emphasize that when we see a worsening, when we obtain additional evidence that warrants additional benefits, we pay those benefits right away.    Ms. McCoy. Sir, in all of our performance standards for our senior executives in the field, so for instance, the regional office directors, appeals is one element of many, many elements that are factored into their final performance evaluation.    Ms. McCoy. Yes, it is.    Ms. McCoy. It is.    Ms. McCoy. We will work with our legislative offices to answer that.    Ms. McCoy. Thank you for that question. We do have some information on the Monday morning workload report relative to appeals. I think that Laura and the Board also provided annual chairman's report that gives quite a bit of information, but we certainly would engage in the discussion for how we can add more information and be more transparent.    Ms. McCoy. Absolutely. When we launched the Veterans Benefits Management System, our electronic paperless processing system, just in the past couple of years, in that timeframe we have more than 1 billion scanned images in VBMS currently. I mentioned earlier we have more than 94 percent of our pending rating workload in VBMS.    Mr. Burke at the Appeals Management Center has about 97 percent of the remands are paperless as well and we are growing in the number of notice of disagreement appeals at that stage and the form 9 appeals at that stage. It is about 50 percent at the NOD stage, the appeals are paperless, and about one-third are paperless at the form 9 stage.    So we are working there to get more paperless and appeals as well. We find great efficiencies in a paperless system. In particular in appeals in our history have had great, I call competition for the claims folder. So if there was the one paper claims folder at the medical center for an examination, we would have to wait if something else came in.    If it was at the Board of Veterans' Appeals, we would have to wait for that file to come back before we could take action on maybe a new claim. So with that one paper claims folder, we all wanted to have our hands on at the same time. We are able to do that in the Veterans Benefits Management System, so that is a big plus.    As far as the functionality for workload management, we have more and more of that functionality being built in on the rating side, and also more and more automation than we have started to add and is additionally planned.    As far as the Board, we have been working with them, they are in the two systems working with VACOLS and using VBMS as access to view and read the file. We have, again, focused initially on the rating side to get started and we are looking to expand that on the appeals side.    Ms. McCoy. I would like to answer that, sir. We are supportive of making sure that the Board has the appropriate functionality. It is a matter of we work with our VBMS Program Management Office, we work closely with IT, and we have a prioritization of things that, a long wish list of things that we would like to have built into VBMS. It is a matter of prioritization, and it is a matter of fitting enough in each of our every-three-month releases so that we can have that functionality.    Ms. McCoy. I would say it is a matter of prioritization. We have right now in the middle of additional functionality, additional automation to support the rating side. It is in competition. It is high on the list, but there is not enough, I would call it room, in each of our releases to develop and release the functionality right now that we all want for the Board.    Ms. McCoy. Great question. So the folks in our appeals teams are some of the most experienced individuals that we have, particularly our Decision Review Officers. They have the whole broad spectrum of responsibilities on appeals, and they often do some of the training for others in the office, so it takes a long time to develop that experience level.    So this is kind of a two-step approach that we are taking. So this year currently, we are adding 300 individuals across the country to our Veterans Service centers, so bringing them in at the introductory levels and getting them trained so that we then will have them up to speed, and targeting the beginning of fiscal year 2016, we can then promote those 300 FTE slots into the appeals teams.    Ms. McCoy. I would have to look on that, ma'am. There are some for Nevada.    Ms. McCoy. Okay.