    Mr. Charlip. Good morning, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Takano, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. My name is Ralph Charlip, and I am the deputy assistant secretary for operations and management with the Department of Labor's Veterans Employment and Training Service.    I am also honored to be a retired Air Force medical service core officer, having served 22 years on active duty before becoming a Federal civil servant.    Thank you for the opportunity to participate in today's hearing to discuss the Department's role in providing employment services to our Nation's veterans and servicemembers in coordination with the VA's vocational rehabilitation and employment program. The Department takes our role in providing employment services to veterans and transitioning servicemembers, including those in the VA's VR&E program, very seriously. DOL-funded support for veterans with significant barriers to employment is delivered primarily by disabled veteran outreach program specialists DVOPS in American job centers across the country. DVOP positions are funded through the jobs for veteran State grant (JVSG) program administered by DOL VETS. JVSG-funded positions are aligned with other employment services provided at American job centers.    DOL's employment services for disabled veterans complement the services provided by VR&E counselors. This requires close coordination between VR&E and VETS and is managed under a memorandum of agreement (MOA) between DOL and VA. The most recent MOA is dated February 27, 2015. The MOA describes the goals of our coordination, the roles and responsibilities of each party, and establishes a working group comprised of staff members from both departments to manage the collaboration. We see ourselves as a vital member of a multiparty team--DOL, through Federal, State, and local staff, VA's VR&E counselors, and the disabled veterans who benefit from our services.    VA's VR&E is a comprehensive rehabilitation program that assists servicemembers and veterans with service-connected disabilities and barriers to employment in preparing for finding and maintaining suitable employment. DVOP specialists, on the other hand, provide intensive services to a wider variety of veterans who have significant barriers to employment. These barriers may include a service-connected disability, homelessness, low income, lack of a high school diploma or equivalent, or similar challenges. While VA is not required to refer VR&E participants to DOL for assistance, the new MOA strongly encourages such referrals.    In practice, a veteran who is enrolled in the VR&E program and is referred to DOL interacts with the DVOP at two distinct points. The first point is during or following enrollment in the VR&E program when our DVOP specialist provides labor and marketing information, guidance to applicants, new enrollees, and their counselors. This includes information about the types of jobs that are available in the geographic area where the veteran desires to work, and assessment of the veterans' skills and the kinds of training and education that would be required to enter a particular industry.    The second point occurs when the veteran nears completion of the VR&E program and is beginning to look for work. When the veteran is referred to DOL for employment services, a DVOP specialist works with the individual to prepare them for jobs which match their abilities, education, and training, and are in the career field and geographic area identified within VR&E's individual written rehabilitation plan.    The story of Lori Mobbs provides one example of how this interagency coordination works. An Army veteran with more than 15 years of military service, she utilized the VR&E program to complete her degree in geography in December 2014. Through effective collaboration between the Department of Veterans' Affairs and the Alabama Departments of Labor and Veterans' Affairs, she met with the DVOP specialist. Who provided Federal job search assistance during her initial visit an AJC in Huntsville, Alabama. Because she was eligible for intensive services and because of her strong desire to obtain employment with the National Park Service, the DVOP specialist assisted her in applying for several jobs with the National Park Service. I am very pleased to report that she accepted a position at Olympic National Park in Washington State in April 2015 and reported to work last month.    DOL and VA coordinate to give veterans seamless services to achieve their employment goals. We are proud of the DOL programs that deliver positive employment outcomes for our disabled veterans and look forward to continuing to work with our VA partners and this subcommittee. Chairman Wenstrup, Ranking Member Takano, distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to take an active part in the hearing. I welcome any questions you might have.    Mr. Charlip. Yes, sir, we do have the ability to track that information.    Mr. Charlip. Under the memorandum of agreement that has existed, there is a procedure for doing that, and a form and tool that is used to track those referrals. And so we have that information. That is then validated by VR&E and VETS on a recurring basis.    Mr. Charlip. I don't know that, and I will get you an answer.