    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today, we are continuing the process toward passing legislation to help the people of Puerto Rico deal with a humanitarian crisis because of over $70 billion in unpayable debt.    It is worth stressing that we are here because the people of Puerto Rico need our help. Residents of Puerto Rico are struggling to receive basic services, with some hospitals now quite literally in the dark. On top of that, the Zika virus continues to ravage the island. Officials at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently stated that they are quite concerned about the U.S. territory and tourist designation of Puerto Rico, stressing that one out of every four in Puerto Rico could host the Zika virus within a year.    In the meantime, wealthy Wall Street hedge funds that hold Puerto Rican bonds are spending millions of dollars to spread misinformation in an effort to block congressional action. These vulture funds are now aggressively campaigning against a solution to help the island relieve its debt. They are more interested in padding their profits than ensuring the well-being of American families suffering in Puerto Rico.    As Members of Congress, we have to decide tomorrow who comes first: vulture funds and others who steadfastly refuse to join other investors in good faith on a compromised solution or the American people in Puerto Rico.    The leadership of the House, Republicans and Democrats, has been working with Chairman Bishop and the Treasury Department to develop legislation that we can all support to provide Puerto Rico with the tools that they will need to solve this crisis.    Today, we are discussing the results of these bipartisan discussions, and we are all hopeful that the bill, as proposed, will work. To quote Secretary of Treasury, Jack Lew, ``The question to us is, does the bill's restructuring authority work? It has to work, or it is not going to be acceptable.'' This will be one of the key questions we will look to our distinguished panel of witnesses to answer.    While the bill contains a strong oversight board to ensure that Puerto Rico will make the tough decisions to get on a path of a balanced budget and sound fiscal practices, there are a number of other concerns we have with the bill and the process.    We continue to insist that the oversight board should not impose further austerity, which will be counterproductive toward efforts to restore the island's economy.    We question the merit of authorizing a transfer of thousands of acres of the Vieques National Wildlife Refuge away from all the American people.    We also stress, as the Treasury Department does, that Puerto Rico will be unable to make any fiscal plan work going forward without the Medicaid support that is called for in the Treasury proposal and that such assistance be provided to smaller territories, as well. Puerto Rico's underfunded pensions should not be raided to help pay the debt, and the pensioners must be made whole.    We cannot see the logic behind lowering the minimum wage to $4.25 an hour for the very group of people we need to stay on the island in order to anchor this recovery.    Mr. Chairman, you and your staff deserve to be commended for your willingness to work in an honest and open process to address the crisis in Puerto Rico. To that end, I remain hopeful that we will be able to pass a bill out of committee tomorrow that will enjoy the support of all members, and I continue to pledge to work with you to realize that goal.    The people of Puerto Rico deserve no less, and the effort on their behalf should be constant with the perspective that I think is needed in this discussion: something that will help the people of Puerto Rico and not something that will satisfy a particular political agenda or be the vehicle to assure that the vulture fund holders receive their full reimbursement that they are holding out for.    With that, I yield back and thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Weiss, we know who loses if something pragmatic and humanitarian is not done in terms of legislation from this Congress. We know who loses. But if something is not done, who wins?    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you.    Professor Johnson, categorize for me the level of austerity that has been imposed on the people of Puerto Rico, specifically how much money has been cut from annual spending since, let's say, 2006, 2008.    Mr. Grijalva. In rough-number estimations, if that is the range, 20 percent--I think Governor Padilla said that, as well, about $500 billion--if that is the range, how much of Puerto Rico debt do hedge funds own at this point?    Mr. Grijalva. Mr. Weiss, do you have an estimate on how much of that debt is hedge fund?    Mr. Grijalva. Just to review, the point that I think is important to note is that if hedge funds bought risky Puerto Rican bonds as an investment strategy, they structure the investments to absorb a hit in the event some of those investments do not go well. They have spent heavily to prevent the debt from being restructured in the courts. They have spent heavily to try to prevent restructuring here in Congress. I think this is the kind of strategy that makes people really angry in Washington. And it is an investment strategy by the hedge funders in this particular instance.    Unfortunately, as I asked in the earlier question, nobody wins. It is at the expense of the quality of life for the people of Puerto Rico.    I think that somebody holding that significant number and being not only the holdouts but also effectively attempting to campaign against any movement on this issue legislatively, I think, speaks for itself in terms of what greed has caused in terms of us being able to find a solution to this.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Wittman.    Mr. Grijalva. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to thank the witnesses. I appreciate very much the testimony. We are getting down to the point that if a true bipartisan legislation is to appear, it needs to appear immediately.    I echo Mr. Weiss' points on areas I think need to be worked on for the sake of a bipartisan agreement.    I also want to say that this is an alternative to a bailout, and I really appreciated the question. People said, ``Oh, this is a bailout; this is unconstitutional; this skirts bankruptcy laws,'' and all that, which through this testimony has proven not to be the case.    Having said that, though, this is an alternative to a bailout because, in the short term, if Congress truly understands both its fiduciary and, indeed, its moral responsibility to our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico, we have to do something, because something will be done, and the humanitarian crisis spurred by this economic and fiscal crisis cannot be tolerated.    I hope, for all the stakeholders in this, that a very important effort is done to satisfy a bipartisan piece of legislation and that the narrow interests in this question are ignored and the majority interest is taken care of, and that is the people of Puerto Rico.    I want to thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the hearing, and I look forward to a product that we can all comfortably support on the Floor.    With that, I yield back, and thank you.