    Mr. Furnish. Good afternoon. I would like to just summarize where I am coming from on this. My view on this bill is that, although it is well intentioned, I view it as a misapplied fix.    I would note that the spark that ignited much of what is in contention here today was in 2007 during the George W. Bush administration lapsed over into the Obama administration, and was ultimately settled by the courts, which is their job.    To me, there is irony in the title of this bill, ``Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights,'' when ``cooperate'' is defined as to work or act together, which is precisely what the energy industry and the Forest Service have been doing for decades. The past cooperation, which was a result of both litigation and enacted statute, provides 60 days notice to the land holder by the proponent in exercising their private mineral rights. And this process has served the public interest well by both allowing industry access to their private estate energy resources laying beneath public lands, while providing the Forest Service a brief but reasonable amount of time to discharge its stewardship responsibilities on behalf of the public.    You, no doubt, are aware that I firmly believe the 60-day notice requirement should remain in place. I am well aware that a few years ago the Forest Service did place a ban--excuse me, a hold, not a ban, it was a hold on processing drilling proposals in the belief, based on their legal counsel, that NEPA necessitated review and analysis. This went through the courts and the courts found otherwise. The Forest Service has been behaving in compliance with that outcome since.    I would also like to note that it is necessary to work through occasional obstacles where important values and interests are at stake on both sides. I think the emergence of the fracking industry--and it was noted that about half the wells on the Allegheny have been subjected to fracking, much was unknown during the early part of the 21st century, much more is known now.    But in light of the questions surrounding this technology, the vast amounts of fluids used in drilling, as well as discharge from drilling, the important considerations of world-renowned black cherry resource, road access, water quality, recreation pursuits, all these things, there was a balancing of interest that the Forest Service was seeking to provide in the belief that they needed to approve of these, that this was ``a Federal action.'' The courts found that this was not a Federal action, it was a private action. So the Forest Service has waived the imposition of NEPA.    Now they are actively cooperating within the 60 days to provide notices to proceed. Industry is, likewise, exercising their right to drill in a cooperative relationship with the landowner. I think this comes down to this question that I pose to you legislators: If drilling activities like cutting trees, disposing of well affluents, and building access roads and drill pads were occurring on private lands with no notice to the owners, do you think these private citizens might be upset? Might they come to you for help?    In your role as an elected official, would you demand that industry had no responsibility to provide notice, no responsibility to minimize drilling consequences, and no responsibility to address landowner concerns as to disposing of affluents, trees, road locations, drill pads, sites, all these kinds of things?    Public land, though managed by the Forest Service, is really no different, because it belongs to private citizens, including you, who have every reason to demand that the Forest Service do its very best to care for this land as a public trust. You now have in place a law that fosters effective cooperation so that industry and private citizens alike get a fair shake.    For the life of me, I cannot understand why you wish to rescind that law and short-change the interests of your citizen constituents. Thank you.    Mr. Furnish. I guess I would ask him if he is an attorney.    Mr. Furnish. Is he a legislator? Because I interpret this H.R. 3881 very differently.    Mr. Furnish. Well, I interpret it to rescind the 1992 Act, which provided for 60-day notice.    Mr. Furnish. It was codified in law. Now it is being rescinded from law.