    Chairman Royce. This hearing will come to order, and the committee here today will continue to evaluate the administration's nuclear diplomacy with Iran. That is the subject of the hearing today.    Negotiators face a high-stakes deadline next week. We will hear the administration's case today. But it is critical that the administration hears our bipartisan concerns here.    Deputy Secretary Blinken, this is your first appearance before the committee, and I congratulate you on your position. I wish you well.    And after the hearing, I trust you will be in touch with Secretary Kerry, Under Secretary Sherman and others that are involved in the negotiating process to report on the committee's views and I think this is very important.    This committee has been at the forefront of examining the threat of a nuclear Iran. Much of the pressure that has been brought on the Islamic Republic of Iran and that brought them to the table was put in place by Congress, and it was put in place over the objections of the executive branch.    Now, that is the executive branch whether it was Republican or Democratic administrations, but it is the House of Representatives that has driven this process, and we would have more pressure on Iran today if the administration hadn't pressured the Senate to sit on the Royce-Engel sanctions bill that this committee produced and passed in 2013 and passed, by the way, unanimously--and passed off the House floor 400 to 20.    So Congress is proud of this role and we want to see the administration get a lasting and meaningful agreement. But, unfortunately, the administration's negotiating strategy has been more about managing proliferation than preventing it, and a case in point that I bring up is Iran's uranium enrichment program--the key technology needed in developing a nuclear bomb.    Reportedly, the administration would be agreeable to leaving much of Iran's enrichment capability in place for a decade. If Congress will be asked to roll back its sanctions on Iran, which will certainly fund Iran's terrorist activities when we roll back those sanctions, then there must be a substantial rollback of Iran's nuclear program.    And consider that international inspectors report that Iran has still not revealed its past bomb work despite its commitment to those inspectors to the IAEA to do that, and the IAEA is still concerned about signs of Iran's military-related activities including designing a nuclear payload for a missile.    Iran has not even begun to address these concerns and last fall over 350 members wrote to the Secretary of State expressing deep concerns about this lack of cooperation from Iran. How can we expect Iran to uphold an agreement when they are not meeting their current commitments?    Indeed, we were not surprised to see Iran continue to illicitly procure nuclear technology during these negotiations or that Tehran was caught testing a more advanced centrifuge that would help produce bomb material quicker--a new grade of supersonic centrifuge right in the middle of this process.    This was a violation of the spirit and, in my view, the letter of the interim agreement. Iran's deception is all the more reason that the administration should obtain zero notice anywhere anytime inspections on Iran's declared and undeclared facilities.    You have to have a verification regime in this process that is going to work for us. And there is also the fact that limits placed on Iran's nuclear program as part of the final agreement now being negotiated are going to expire.    They will expire, and that means the final agreement is just another interim step. What you call the ``final'' agreement is an interim step with the real final step being Iran treated as any other non-nuclear weapons state under the Nonproliferation Treaty, thus licensing it to pursue industrial-scale enrichment.    With a deep history of deception, covert procurement, and clandestine facilities, Iran is ``not any other country.'' It is certainly not any other country to be conceded in an industrial-scale nuclear program.    Any meaningful agreement must keep restrictions in place for decades, as over 360 Members of Congress, including every member of this committee, are demanding in a letter to the President this week.    Meanwhile, Iran is intensifying its destructive role in the region. The Islamic Republic of Iran is propping up Assad in Syria while its proxy, Hezbollah, threatens Israel.    Iranian-backed Shi'a militia are killing hopes of a unified, stable Iraq and last month an Iranian-backed militia displaced the government in Yemen, formerly a key counterterrorism partner to the United States.    Many of our allies and partners see Iran pocketing an advantageous nuclear agreement and ramping up its aggression in the region as a result of the hard currency that they will have at their disposal as the sanctions are lifted.    So this committee is prepared to evaluate any agreement to determine if it is in the long-term national security interests of the United States and our allies.    Indeed, as Secretary Kerry testified not long ago, any agreement will have to pass muster with Congress. Those were his words. Yet, that commitment has been muddied by the administration's insistence in recent weeks that Congress will not play a role, and that is not right.    Congress built the sanction structure that brought Iran to the table, and if the President moves to dismantle it, we will have a say.    So I now turn to the ranking member, Mr. Eliot Engel of New York, for his opening remarks.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    This morning we are pleased to be joined by senior representatives from State and from Treasury. Mr. Tony Blinken is the Deputy Secretary of State. Previously, he served as the assistant to the President and was principal deputy national security adviser.    Mr. Blinken also worked as the Democratic staff director for the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and just confirmed last December, we welcome him for his first appearance before this committee.    Mr. Adam Szubin is the Acting Under Secretary for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence at the Department of the Treasury. He previously served as the director of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control.    We welcome him back, and without objection, the witnesses' full prepared statements will be made part of the record.    Members here will have 5 calendar days to submit any statements to you or any questions and any extraneous material for the record. We'll ask you to please summarize your remarks, and Mr. Secretary, if you would begin.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Szubin.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Szubin.    If I could go to my first question here--it goes to the sunset. Deputy Secretary Blinken, a major concern here is the expiration date.    In as little as 10 years, all of the restrictions and other measures that you are touting here today are going to come off and Iran's nuclear program is going to be then treated as though it was the equivalent of the Netherlands.    So why 10 years? Does the administration believe or hope that the Iranian regime will have moderated within that time frame?    Chairman Royce. But that is why we are here today. You are putting this stock in Iran's signature to the NPT and its safeguards agreement, right? They have had those same commitments. They have been violating those commitments for years.    That is why this process. I would just--I would just point that out. And the other point I would make is that 10 years or whatever that time frame is, they are then going to be treated as any other non-nuclear weapon NPT state, and that means no sanctions, no restrictions on procurement, no restrictions on the stockpile or the number of centrifuges it can spend at that point, 10 years out, or on the purity level to which it may enrich uranium.    And I will just give you an example of where this would put Iran. They would enrich uranium at that point to levels near weapon grade, I am presuming, claiming the desire to power a nuclear navy because that is what Brazil is doing. So I am going to assume that they are going to do the same thing there.    And that would all be permissible. It would all be blessed under this agreement, as I read it, no matter who is in charge of Iran in 10 years.    And that's why Ranking Member Engel and I have a letter going to the President, signed by over 350 Members of Congress, demanding that the verifiable constraints on Iran's program last decades, not, as being discussed, a shorter period of time. So I just want to make that point.    Let me go to my next question, and that goes to the 1-year breakout. The administration has set a benchmark--a 1-year breakout period. But is a year sufficient to detect and then reverse potential Iranian violations and why not insist on a period of 2 or 3 years?    Chairman Royce. Well, let----    Chairman Royce. Okay. But let me go to this question then. Will you insist that the IAEA inspectors have anywhere anytime access to all facilities in Iran including Revolutionary Guard bases, from what we know about what has gone on there, and will Iran have to satisfy all questions that the IAEA has regarding Iran's covert research on a nuclear warhead including access to key scientific personnel and paperwork?    Chairman Royce. Yes, I understand your perspective of what is necessary to do their job. But mine is a specific list of criteria based upon my discussions with the IAEA, and I want to make certain that those are found and then are followed.    And then lastly, it seems the administration plans to push the Security Council to adopt a new resolution to basically bless this agreement and relax sanctions, but at the same time you are pushing off Congress.    Why push for U.N. action but not Congress?    Chairman Royce. Well, our concern here is if you push us off for 10 years, let us say, in theory, and if this is consequential enough to go to the U.N. Security Council at the outset under a resolution under Chapter 7, which by definition deals with a threat to peace, breaches of the peace and acts of aggression, then it would certainly be consequential enough to be submitted to the Senate for advise and consent. That is the point I wanted to make.    Chairman Royce. But let me----    Chairman Royce. My time has expired, but suggesting that Congress has a role to play by voting on sanctions relief years from now once a deal has run its course, that to me is disingenuous. But that is my view of it.    We will go to Mr. Engel for his questions. Thank you.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel.    We go now to Ileana Ros-Lehtinen.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go to Mr. Brad Sherman of California, ranking member of the Asia Subcommittee.    Chairman Royce. Okay.    So Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California, chairman of the Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats.    Chairman Royce. We go now to Mr. Albio Sires of New Jersey. He is the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere.    Chairman Royce. Thank you.    We go now to Mr. Steve Chabot of Ohio.    Chairman Royce. Mr. Ted Deutch of Florida, ranking member on the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa.    Chairman Royce. Without objection, so ordered. And we go to Mr. Mike McCaul of Texas.    Chairman Royce. I hear ``Death to America'' on an ongoing basis regardless of the politics and that is concerning for us.    We go now to David Cicilline of Rhode Island. Mr. Cicilline?    Chairman Royce. We will re-adjourn and go to Mr. Tom Emmer of Minnesota.    Chairman Royce. If the gentleman will yield. I am not sure it is on the same level because I think the U.N. vote will come immediately.    Chairman Royce. You were being measured and I appreciate that, Tom.    I do think that it is going to be a considerable amount of time under the calculus that the administration is working under when they intend to come to Congress for that vote and that is very, very concern concerning. But I appreciate the gentleman raising this issue.    We go now to Brian Higgins of New York.    Chairman Royce. I thank the gentleman for yielding.    We are going to Mr. Ted Yoho of Florida.    Chairman Royce. I thank the gentleman and I thank Secretary Blinken and Mr. Szubin. Thank you very much for your testimony here today.    I also want to remind you about the points that we made here, the points that we made in the opening statements. I implore you to convey those views immediately, if you would, to Secretary Kerry and the negotiating team.    You heard deep concerns over the sunset provision here, the fact it is only 10 years, over the question of verification of the agreement itself and whether at the--as part of this process whether Iran is going to be required to reveal its clandestine work that it has took on trying to develop a nuclear weapon in the past as part of any final agreement.    You can't have real verification going forward unless you have that revealed to the IAEA. You heard our concerns about previous military activities on the part of the regime, previous testing, what actually went on at the sites that they won't give us access to, as well as Iran's vast ballistic missile program that is underway as we speak and about Congress' role in this.    So, there is a number of the other issues raised as well so I hope you can convey that there are some profound bipartisan concerns that need to be heard, as a deal may be announced any day.    And while our hearing was taking place there is news breaking from Switzerland that a draft is circulating there among the parties and in that draft Iran would have 6,000 spinning centrifuges for the next decade.    So I know the committee is frustrated to read the press about drafts circulating. It does says something about the administration's commitment to transparency when the press has the information and we are reading it off the news wire. So----    Chairman Royce. Yes.    Chairman Royce. That is good news. So we appreciate that.    Chairman Royce. So when there is a draft, please share it with the members of this committee and of the Congress.    We thank you again for your testimony, and for now, we will stand adjourned.