    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In view of the lateness of the hour, since this hearing was delayed almost 45 minutes due to votes, I ask unanimous consent that I insert my opening statement in the record.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I thank you for calling this hearing.    And I want to welcome witnesses from two outstanding companies.    I think the taxpayer has reason to be reassured because we have come a long way toward competition, toward higher quality and better price for the taxpayer. It was heartening for me to hear Mr. Bruno's comments.    Because I think you are talking about a very different company than ULA was even just a few years ago, as you try to transform it to a more commercial model with fixed pricing and things like that. I think competition led by SpaceX is having a very good effect.    But we all are worried about the lack of assured access to space and this window of vulnerability that we may or may not be facing, and I think it is important to be aware of that risk, but not exaggerate it.    To my knowledge, there is not a backup for Marine One helicopter for the President or for Air Force One. They both rely on similar technologies, and it has worked pretty darn well. The ULA launch record is outstanding, as is SpaceX's. So, as I say, the taxpayer has a lot to be proud of.    As we transition toward real competition, though, a lot of ways of doing business have to change. The ELC payment that ULA has been getting for a long time, almost a billion dollars a year, that would have to go away in a truly competitive environment, wouldn't it, Mr. Bruno?    Mr. Cooper. So are you saying that the other company, SpaceX, benefits just as much as ULA does from the billion dollars of ELC expenditures every year?    Mr. Cooper. Do you agree, Ms. Shotwell, with what Mr. Bruno is saying?    Mr. Cooper. A number of other members are here. So I will just end with this final observation.    Washington is fortunate to have a patriotic philanthropist, David Rubenstein, who even paid personally to repair the Washington Monument. I think the country is lucky to have amazing entrepreneurs like Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos who, for some reason unknown to me, both want to participate in some of the boldest new technologies in space.    So we are fortunate that they are choosing to spend their money in that fashion, not that these companies don't have many other backers. But that is a remarkable development for this country, and I am proud of their entrepreneurial drive.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    This question is actually Ms. Sanchez's. She asked me to ask it on her behalf. It is to Mr. Bruno, and it is, do you need any government funding investment for your plan B, which is replacing the RD-180 engine for Atlas?    Mr. Cooper. Well, new and advanced technology, but you would basically be duplicating what you have been reselling from the Russians for 30 years.    Mr. Cooper. Because they still have a 5-year license hold on the technology.    Mr. Cooper. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I look forward to the next panel.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I appreciate the terrific expertise of all the witnesses.    I am a little worried that in some of the chairman's questions we were like starting to borrow some trouble, and we have enough trouble already because we want to be honest about this. The greatest threat we face that threatens assured access to space is probably our own sequestration stupidity. Because that is a Pentagon-wide problem, and it is up to Congress to fix that. And I am grateful, it is my understanding, that some 67 of our Republican colleagues have now signed a letter saying they will not vote for a budget that is below the President's request for defense spending.    Because we have got to at least be at the President's level, because as General Dempsey said, that is the lower ragged edge of what we absolutely have to have. So, that is step one and that is the committee's responsibility. Step two, the chairman just got at, let's correct the mistake that we probably made in the 1608 language so that all 14 of the RD-180s can be used, because that would help close this possible window of vulnerability.    Okay. Then we get to more of the stuff we have been talking about in this hearing, which is we took the great words, ``assured access to space,'' and we have effectively added some other things, for good reasons. Assured affordable, access to space. And competition is a way of achieving that but it is not the only way. I will get to that later. And then it has got to be assured, affordable American access to space because, you know, we are not against the Europeans but they have a rocket too, the Ariane 5, that can work for some stuff.    So, but if we delve deeper into these things, we really haven't brought up with RL-10 issue, the single point of vulnerability that we have today, in which that is really almost prehistoric technology compared even to the RD-180. So, there are a lot of issues here. But it seems to me that when the taxpayer is listening to this, they are thinking, well, competition is good, but that also could be viewed as redundancy. We are paying for extra capacity that we know we are not going to use, and in certain areas of life you want redundancy, you want belt and suspenders. That is good. You want a seat belt and airbags.    But, you know, when I see entrepreneurs, and it is interesting now that both SpaceX and ULA are relying heavily on these remarkable individuals, who essentially compete against themselves. You know, their motto is probably, you know, ``The difficult we do immediately; the impossible takes a little longer.'' Because already in many ways they have achieved what most mortals would have considered impossible.    So, this window of vulnerability that we may or may not be facing--and General Mitchell did an excellent job with his RD-180 mitigation report--there are ways of closing that gap. One of the ways that might be distasteful is to acknowledge that we have had 30 years to replace the RD-180 and we haven't done it yet, and buying a few more, which even in times of trouble with the Russians, they have been willing to sell us, is a way of closing that gap. And a darn affordable one, because the business plan of ULA previously has basically been reselling Russian technology. And that is an American company? Whoa. Definitions get a little squishy here.    So, there are ways to solve this problem. So I hope the sum message of this hearing is not that we can't do it in America, because we can do it in America. We will do it in America. We will get this done. And oftentimes, we argue over technique, and it is good to have this competition and occasional elbow. But, we are a can-do country and we will get this lift done.    And one thing that hasn't been mentioned is, it is my understanding that many of our satellites are being downsized. So, perhaps the heavy-lift capability isn't as necessary as it once was. So, we have got to get with the program here. And I think that the sum total of your testimony is, maybe we need to get the bureaucracy a little faster, because an automatic 2-year process, as I told one of the witnesses earlier, that was half of World War II and now we just use that much time.    And, you know, if we had to, in emergency, spend $1 billion, well, what did we spend in Afghanistan and Iraq, and what exactly did we accomplish? You see. You know, so putting things in perspective, we are a can-do, successful nation. We will get this done. And we have advantages that no other place on Earth has.    So, the overall message of this, let's not borrow too much trouble from the future. This will be done, and we will figure out a way to do it. And that, to me, is one of the most encouraging things that I could take from this hearing.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cooper. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I have no more questions. I was just here to chaperon you.