    Chairman Kline. A quorum being present, the Committee on Education and the Workforce will come to order. Good morning, everyone, and welcome, Secretary Burwell. We appreciate you joining us to discuss the policies and priorities of the Department of Health and Human Services.    From welfare and health care to early childhood development and support services for older Americans, the policies your department oversees affect the lives of millions of Americans.    Conversations like this one are vitally important as we work to ensure that the Department is acting in the best interest of the taxpayers and those in need.    As we examine what programs and policies are working and which ones are in need of improvement, I hope there are a number of areas where we can find common ground.    Of course, there are also areas where we will ultimately agree to disagree, and perhaps the most prominent example is the President's health care law. As has been the case for nearly six years, this flawed law continues to hurt working families, students, and small businesses. It is still depressing hours and wages for low-income workers, still making it harder for individuals to receive the care they need, and still driving up health care costs.    One Emory University professor recently wrote that his family's health insurance premium is now their biggest expense, even greater than their mortgage. Before the health care law went into effect, this man was able to cover his entire family of four for less than $13,000. Now, the cost of insuring just him and his wife is nearly $28,000. Twice the cost to cover half as many people. In fact, paying more for less is becoming a hallmark of the health care law.    Over the years, Republicans have put forward a number of health care reform ideas, ones that would expand access to affordable care and lead to a more patient-centered health care system. We will continue to do so, because we firmly believe the President's health care law is fatally flawed and unsustainable, and more importantly, because we believe the American people deserve better.    Again, I suspect we will have to agree to disagree, but as I mentioned, there are areas where I am hopeful we can find common ground.    Head Start, for example, currently supports nearly 1 million children at a cost of more than $9 billion annually. It is an important program for many low-income families. However, concerns persist that it is not providing children with long-term results.    We both agree, I am sure, changes need to be made, but so far we have different ideas of what reform should look like. The Department is in the process of fundamentally transforming Head Start through regulations that will have serious consequences for the vulnerable families this important program serves.    We, on the other hand, have outlined a number of key principles that we believe will strengthen the program based on feedback we collected from parents and providers.    I look forward to discussing where we might be able to find middle ground and work together so that these children can have the solid foundation they need to succeed in school and in life.    I am also hopeful that we can work together to ensure changes to the Preschool Development Grants program are implemented as Congress intended. The Every Student Succeeds Act reformed the program to help States streamline and strengthen early learning efforts.    To accomplish this goal, Congress moved the program from the Department of Education to HHS, which already oversees the bulk of early learning programs. As you take on this responsibility, Madam Secretary, please know we intend to stay engaged with the Department to ensure a successful transition.    Finally, the Department is also responsible for helping States to prevent and respond to child abuse and neglect, specifically those outlined in the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act or CAPTA. As I am sure you are aware, this law provides States with resources to improve their child protective service systems, if they make a number of assurances concerning their child welfare policies.    It has come to our attention that some States are making these assurances without putting the necessary policies in place. Yet, not a single State is being denied Federal funds.    A Reuters' investigation recently revealed the shocking and deadly consequences of this neglect and cast serious doubts as to whether basic requirements of the law are being met and enforced.    In light of this tragic report, we wrote to you to better understand the Department's process in reviewing and approving State plans under CAPTA, and I would like to continue that discussion here today.    It is clear that the current system is failing some of our country's most vulnerable children and families, and something has to change.    As you can see, we have quite a bit to cover today. These and other issues are vitally important to the men and women we serve, and we have a responsibility to ensure that we are serving those individuals in the best way possible.    With that, I will now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Scott, for his opening remarks.    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Pursuant to Committee Rule 7(c), all members will be permitted to submit written statements to be included in the permanent hearing record. Without objection, the hearing record will remain open for 14 days to allow such statements and other extraneous material referenced during the hearing to be submitted for the official hearing record.    It is now my pleasure to introduce our distinguished witness, welcome back to our new environs here. The Honorable Sylvia Mathews Burwell serves as Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Prior to joining HHS, she served as director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Obama and in a whole bunch of other positions in the Clinton Administration. This will be the Secretary's second appearance before the Committee during her tenure at     Secretary Burwell, I will now ask you to please stand and raise your right hand.    Chairman Kline. Let the record reflect she answered in the affirmative. Before I recognize you to provide your testimony, let me remind you of our lighting system. It is pretty straightforward. It is a green, yellow, red system. The lights are right in front of you. As in the past, I have no intention of ever dropping a gavel while you are speaking, but I would ask that you try not to go on too long so that members have a chance to engage in the discussion.    Members will each have five minutes to ask questions, and as my colleagues know, I am not quite as reluctant to drop the gavel if they are exceeding the five minutes, and, I would ask my colleagues, please do not talk for 4.5 minutes and then ask a question that will take her five minutes to respond to.    We do not have time for that today, because I would advise all of you that the Secretary has a hard stop time at noon. We are going to try to give everybody the five minutes, but we may have to curtail that time if we start running short. So, I would appreciate your cooperation.    Madam Secretary, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. Thank you, Madam Secretary. That is close to a record, seven seconds over five minutes. Well done. Thank you very much.    I mentioned in my opening remarks that we are concerned about the recent Reuters' investigation into abuse and neglect of children born in families battling drug addiction, and there was a law, CAPTA, that falls under your department's jurisdiction.    We sent a letter to you asking for information. The Department responded, and we thank you for that, but clearly, we still have a problem out there, it seems to me.    Congress has taken steps to streamline the application process, but the application still goes through the Children's Bureau at HHS, where they review States' applications and sign off that it is adequate before Federal funds are dispersed.    So, I know you looked at this. Do you feel like that within the law, the Department is doing everything it can to ensure that States are upholding the law, or is there more that should or could be done?    Chairman Kline. Okay. That is a change to the practice--    Chairman Kline. We will be watching with interest. It does seem to us there needed to be a way for the Department to be able to confirm that the States are doing what they are supposed to be doing, without waiting for somebody to come and complain.    Chairman Kline. Thank you. We just passed and the President signed into law the Every Student Succeeds Act. It took six, seven, eight, or 12 years or something to get to it and through it, but it is done, and it is the law. Under the Act, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the Act now authorizes a preexisting program known as the ``Preschool Development Grants Program.''    Your department now has the lead under the law, with respect to funding authority and responsibilities. As I mentioned, it seemed to us that was clear because you already have billions of dollars in preschool funding through $9 billion in Head Start alone.    We believe that Congress specifically limited Federal interference in State early childhood systems to maximize State and local control over the improvement or development of the early childhood systems.    So, given the language of the law and what I think are clear protections in the law, what are you doing, where are you in the process in effecting that transition from the appropriated but not authorized program that was in Education and is now authorized and will be appropriated, I am sure, program that is in your jurisdiction?    Chairman Kline. I am very pleased to hear that. It is because you are involved in all of those programs and you have that continuum that made sense to many of us to put this program there so it can be managed altogether.    I am going to try to set the example for my colleagues and yield back the balance of my time. Pay attention, please, all. Mr. Scott, you are recognized.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. Dr. Roe?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Hinojosa?    Chairman Kline. Without objection. I am sorry. I am blaming it all on the ranking member here.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Byrne?    Chairman Kline. Madam Secretary, the gentleman's time really has expired. We will not get to any of that if we do not try to stay within the five minutes. Mrs. Davis?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired. Mr. Curbelo?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Courtney?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back, without mentioning basketball. Ms. Stefanik?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back. Mr. Polis?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. I need to advise my colleagues that we are going to restrict the time now to four minutes and hope we do not have to go to three minutes. The math shows we have too many people and not enough time.    Mr. Russell, you are recognized for four minutes.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Sablan?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. He yields back. Mr. Barletta?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Bonamici?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back. Dr. Foxx?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentlelady. Mr. Pocan?    Chairman Kline. Without objection.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Bishop?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Takano?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman's time has expired. Mr. Rokita?    Chairman Kline. I am sorry, the gentleman's time has expired, and we are rapidly approaching--Ms. Clark?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady's time has expired. We are shrinking the available time even more. I am telling my colleagues as we are moving towards the hard stop. Mr. Allen, you are recognized for three minutes.    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. Ms. Wilson?    Chairman Kline. The gentlelady yields back. Mr. Carter?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentleman. Ms. Adams?    Chairman Kline. I thank the gentlelady. Mr. Thompson?    Chairman Kline. The gentleman yields back. We have rapidly run out of time. Let me yield to Mr. Scott for any closing remarks he might have.    Chairman Kline. Madam Secretary, I want to thank you also. I want to thank you for your testimony, for your service, for your engagement with the members here, and for allowing us to go three minutes over the closing time.    There being no further business, the Committee stands adjourned.