    Mr. Daloz. Thank you. Chairman Pitts, Ranking Member Green, Congressman Welch, and members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today. As you are well aware, the State of Vermont has been deeply involved in the labeling of food produced with genetic engineering, passing a law requiring such labeling, which will take effect a little over a year from now. Vermont's Attorney General, Bill Sorrell, is tasked with the enforcement of this law and has adopted regulations implementing the law. My name is Todd Daloz, I am an assistant attorney general, and I am testifying today on behalf of Attorney General Sorrell about the draft legislation and the discussion draft of the H.R. 1599 and to discuss and answer questions about Vermont's experience in labeling foods produced with genetic engineering.    In my oral testimony, I want to highlight two main points as we begin. The first is the role of states within our democracy and the importance of the state and the Federal Government in sharing responsibility for protecting consumers.    What is most troubling about the proposed legislation, both the draft in front of you and the discussion draft, is that it would cut short and prematurely end state efforts to label foods before Vermont's law even takes effect. It also offers no substantive replacement for the regulations Vermont has in place.    Vermont does not oppose all of the Federal regulation in this area, nor even all elements of the bill. What is important to Vermonters is the ability to have accurate factual information in front of them in order to make informed decisions about their food purchasers.    And this is a historical design of our democracy. States, in the famous words of Justice Brandeis, have long been the laboratory of democracy, experimenting with social and economic policy in manners that allow them to test how policy works and determine the best course. And there is a robust history of states leading the way towards ultimate Federal regulation.    Two simple examples that come to mind, the first is fair credit reporting. Vermont and other states were among the first to require credit reporting to consumers. And as we all know, Congress ultimately moved forward with that, making it national law.    Another example that was referenced by Mr. Blasgen is menu labeling--I believe it was Rick--menu labeling, which New York began requiring the labeling of certain nutrition facts at chain restaurants. Vermont and other states followed suit, and recently the FDA has implemented the same informational labeling requirement nationwide.    Vermont's Act 120 is no different than that. It is the state taking a lead role in requiring a factual disclosure, a simple, four-word factual disclosure on the back of the package, stating nearly, produced with genetic engineering. It is not a warning. It is a notification. And it is a notification that is there to provide consumers with accurate information so, as the Vermont legislature found, they can make intelligent choices about their consumption.    And that is the second point I want to talk about. Trusting people to make their own decisions is a fundamental American principle. And what Act 120 does is trust consumers to make their own decisions. It trusts consumers to be intelligent and make intelligent choices.    There was tremendously strong demand in Vermont for this labeling bill. There is, in fact, strong demand across the country for such labeling. The legislature found that giving consumers this information enables them to make a choice similarly to calorie counts, to cartoon figures on the front of the package, to flavor. This is another piece of information that consumers want in order to make a decision about whether and how they will purchase their food.    And it is important that there is no state oversight of what information is disclosed. It is nearly the presence of materials that have been produced with genetic engineering. This is not the state determining what is right for consumers to know. This is the state simply providing information for consumers to make decisions on.    Lastly, I want to briefly touch upon the fact that Vermont's law also has flexibility in it. It doesn't mandate exactly where the disclosure has to be placed. It doesn't mandate the size of the font. It provides a floor for where the font is and where the disclosure should go, and that kind of flexibility, I think, is important as manufacturers and retailers begin to comply with Vermont's law.    So I want to thank the committee and Chairman Pitts and also Representative Pallone for inviting me here today, and I am happy to answer questions.    Mr. Daloz. I don't believe I have a basis for agreeing or disagreeing, but I trust the agency.    Mr. Daloz. No.    Mr. Daloz. No.    Mr. Daloz. No.    Mr. Daloz. I am unaware of any such studies.    Mr. Daloz. I am not aware of any harms, but I am aware that consumers have deep concerns about that issue.    Mr. Daloz. Certainly, Congressman. And thank you for the question because I think it is an important distinction to make with regards to Act 120 and the disclosure that Vermont's law requires.    Fundamentally, the placement of that disclosure and the size and the font and things like that--in looking at the issue of how consumers are interested in this information and how they can best access the information, the attorney general's office intentionally chose to make the disclosure either--there are choices for industry. It can be the same size as the serving size disclosure on the nutrition facts panel on the back that the FDA already requires or the ingredients listing there, the goal being to say it has to be easily read and it has to be easily found. Those are the standards.    It is not a clear and conspicuous warning. It is a simple statement of fact on the back of the package, that if a consumer is interested in finding the information, they can look for it, they can read it, and they can make a choice accordingly.    Mr. Daloz. Thank you for the question, Congressman. There are two answers to that, and I will start with one that came along very recently.    It is important to remember that H.R. 5099 is not the only challenge that Act 120 faces. The Grocery Manufacturers Association and a number of other trade groups have of course sued the State of Vermont to enjoin the law from ever taking effect. And it is important for this body to remember that there is a bound on what Vermont can do in terms of misleading labels or anything like that----    Mr. Daloz. OK.    Mr. Daloz. Well, I will say----    Mr. Daloz. To cut myself shorter, the Federal court just ruled that it wasn't misleading, that it was, in fact, a straightforward factual disclosure. ``Ruled'' is a strong word, but agreed with Vermont's position and indicated that that was how the court was looking at it.    And, again, that is the fundamental piece of Act 120, that is it is a factual disclosure about a process involved in making the product.    Mr. Daloz. Certainly, Congresswoman. And this is part of the flexibility that Vermont's law has built into it.    If a product contains less than 70 percent GE material by weight, then a producer can choose to use the statement ``partially produced.'' Otherwise, the standard statement is ``produced with genetic engineering''----    Mr. Daloz . And that has to occur on any product.    Mr. Daloz. I think there is a challenge here, and that is that to disable consumers from accessing information that they are interested in having suggests that the government has a role in controlling information people want----    Mr. Daloz. I respect the example. What I would say is that there is no promotion going on in Vermont's law. All there is----    Mr. Daloz. Absolutely understood. And I think what consumers do with that information and why consumers want the information is not necessarily the role that Vermont's legislature chose to take.    What Vermont's legislature chose to do, after hearing a lot of testimony and really looking at a lot of different sides of the issue, was to say we are going to provide this information to consumers. It is accurate, it is complete, and we are going to let them do what they want.    Mr. Daloz. I think that is an important point to make. It is an option. And producers can choose to qualify the ``produced with genetic engineering'' with the term ``may be'' if they, after reasonable inquiry, can't determine whether their product is produced with genetic engineering.    Mr. Daloz. Precisely. It has to be accurate.    Mr. Daloz. That is not my understanding of H.R. 1599.    Mr. Daloz. I don't have the draft directly in front of me. My understanding is that a portion of title 1 of the amendment in the nature of a substitution suggests that it would be misbranding if a product were labeled without following some of the procedures laid out in title 2. I think it is 291(b) and (c).    And my understanding of those is, at the point in time that H.R. 1599 took effect, there would be no state laws that could exist. And there would be up to a year, possibly longer, for the regulations to come into effect, which would essentially mean that, at the point in time H.R. 1599 took effect, it would be a rollback of the status quo today and certainly would eliminate----    Mr. Daloz. In Vermont, it was passed through the legislature----    Mr. Daloz. Not to my knowledge.    Mr. Daloz. I do. I don't have any reason to disagree with it.