    Mr. Jordan. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I want to walk through the timeline here real quick.    On May 10, 2013, Lois Lerner, unprecedented, goes to a bar association meeting here in town 3 days before you are going to issue your report.    Mr. Jordan. They wanted to get ahead of it, get their spin on it.    So, right from the get-go, the IRS is not being transparent, not helping the American people get to the truth, because she goes and lies, and she says it's line agents in Cincinnati. May 10, 2013.    Twelve days later, there is a preservation notice sent to people in the IRS. It wasn't followed, we found out. So 12 days later, May 22, 2013, notice that says, don't destroy any evidence. Right? We want all the emails, we want all the documents preserved.    Is that right, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. Okay.    August 2, 2013, there's a subpoena for the same documents they are supposed to preserve. There's a subpoena to give them to Congress.    Right, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. February 2, 2014, the IRS learns, not just anybody at the IRS, the chief legal counsel learns that there's a problem with Lois Lerner's hard drive and emails are missing.    Right, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. One month later, despite the preservation order, despite the subpoena, 1 month after the chief counsel knows we're missing some emails, 422 tapes containing those emails are destroyed.    Right, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. And 3 weeks after that, March 26, 2014, the head of the IRS, Commissioner Koskinen, sits right where you are sitting, Mr. Camus, and he tells this committee: We are going to get you every single email Lois Lerner has sent.    Right, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. So, preservation order, subpoena, ``don't destroy anything,'' they destroy it. Three weeks later, the guy in charge tells us, ``We're going to get you everything,'' and they've already been destroyed.    So here's the question: How in the world could that happen? This is the biggest story in the stinking country at that time. How in the world, with the preservation order and the subpoena, do they destroy 422 tapes containing, according to your investigation, potentially 24,000 emails?    How does that happen, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. The reason you can't describe it is because there's no explanation for that other than they were trying to not help the American people get to the truth. They were trying to hide something. They were trying to hinder the--I don't know any other explanation unless it's the most--I mean, it's unbelievable, when you have a subpoena, a preservation order, and you destroy 24,000 emails.    Who is responsible, ultimately? Might it be the guy--Mr. Camus, might it be the guy who sat where you are sitting, the Commissioner of the IRS, and assured this committee and, more importantly, assured the American people that he would get us all the evidence? Might he be the guy who is responsible?    Mr. Jordan. Might it be the head of the IRS, who didn't, according to your testimony, didn't even look at all the sources for potential Lois Lerner emails? Isn't that correct; they didn't look at all the sources?    Mr. Jordan. Might it be the guy who said this under oath in this committee: ``We will get you every single Lois Lerner email?'' Might it be that guy?    Mr. Jordan. But doesn't the buck stop with the guy at the top?    Mr. Jordan. I think it can certainly be said when he is the one who assured us that it was all going to happen in spite of this fact pattern.    What is next, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. Do you believe there is criminal activity here, Mr. Camus? Because it sure looks like it to the American people, in my judgment.    Mr. Jordan. But do you believe you might uncover that?    Mr. Jordan. But it might have helped if we had 24,000 emails to look at, mightn't it?    Mr. Jordan. Yeah, I would think so, too.    With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Jordan. I thank the chairman.    Mr. Camus, I'm going to go right back to where Mr. Meadows was. How many places, physical locations, were the tapes erased? How many are there? You said a handful, but what does that mean? One, two, three spots?    Mr. Jordan. Okay. Four or five places. So let's say there's four places, actual physical locations where they take the tapes and erase what's on them. How many people work in those four locations?    Mr. Jordan. How many who work in those actually erase the tapes, though? I mean, I got the picture in my mind, maybe it's wrong, is you got, you know, Joe and Fred in the basement taking the tapes, putting them in some kind of machine and erasing them. How many people actually do that? We know it's four locations. How many people do the actual erasing?    Mr. Jordan. Six people times four, 24.    Mr. Jordan. So we're talking 24, and if it's five locations, we're talking 30 people. Right? So one of those--some of those 30 people, they're the ones responsible. They got the directive. They knew there was a subpoena. They probably read the newspaper. They know this is an issue. Are any of those people, back to Mr. Meadows' question, are any of them going to be punished?    Mr. Jordan. Because you said they got the directive. Those 30 people at five locations where they destroyed the evidence, they got the directive that they weren't supposed to destroy it. Correct?    Mr. Jordan. In your investigation, two final questions. Okay, Mr. Chairman? In your investigation, did anyone from the top level of the IRS, Mr. Koskinen, Kate Duval, did anyone at the top levels of the IRS talk to those 30 people?    Mr. Jordan. So the 30 people responsible for erasing the evidence were never communicated to by the head of the IRS?    Mr. Jordan. Yes. That's correct. They were not--they never talked to them. Never talked to the key people who got the directive not to destroy evidence who destroyed evidence, Mr. Koskinen never talked to them?    Mr. Jordan. Finally, Mr. Chairman, and yet, Mr. Koskinen sat where you set and gave false information to this committee. Correct? When he said I can give you assurances that we're going to give you all the emails.    Mr. Jordan. And that was a false statement based on your investigation. Correct, Mr. Camus?    Mr. Jordan. The same people he didn't go talk to those 30 key people. All I'm saying is is what Mr. Koskinen told this committee and the American people, was it a true statement what he said under oath sitting in that chair right there?    Mr. Jordan. No, no. We've portrayed what--we've told you what he said. He said, ``I can assure you I'm going to get you all the information.''    Mr. Jordan. I'm not asking why he said it. I'm asking is what he said--was what he said truthful?    Mr. Jordan. All right. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.