    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, for calling this hearing today and, General McDew, I welcome you and your entourage.    I am glad that we are able to hold this meeting, and I thank you for being here and for your service to our Nation.    Transportation Command as a functional combatant command plays an integral role in the central planning and the execution for the movement of our forces and their equipment. As the only command with operational requirements on each of the seven continents, TRANSCOM is asked to carry out land, sea, and air mobility missions around the world. It enables our military to project force in a timely and an efficient manner in response to both planned and unforeseen contingency operations.    We have heard from several of the services and combatant commands already this year about the funding unpredictability levied by sequestration and years of continuing resolutions . So I hope that you help us better understand how these fiscal conditions have affected readiness within TRANSCOM, and where our committee in Congress, as a whole, can stop the damage and begin to repair our force.    I thank you again for being here today, General, and we look forward to hearing from you.    And I yield back.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. General McDew, every service that has come before our committee has talked about the delicate balance between readiness and modernization in today's atmosphere of fiscal constraint.    What primary, secondary, or other affects have fiscal constraints put on TRANSCOM readiness, whether in terms of personnel or equipment?    General McDew. Ms. Bordallo, the services have a daunting challenge. The first, which--our Secretary of Defense has laid out some priorities of what the challenges are that face this Nation. I would put at the top of the list--fiscal.    The threat of sequestration threatens directly the services, which directly threatens every single--every single combatant command because we are organized, trained, and equipped by the services. We have great partnership with the services. But their ability to modernize and project that modernization forward and plan forward has been challenged by the up and down of the fiscal environment. I will put it that way.    So going forward, we have got to provide a stable budget, then we work on the size of that budget. But a stable budget, a predictable budget, is very, very, very important.    I am concerned that if they have to make tough choices, ma'am--honestly--a tough choice between a new aircraft carrier or a new sealift vessel--that is going to be an interesting challenge that will impact our ability to transport.    They understand how important what we do here at the Transportation Command is, but they have to make some tough choices, and I don't want to have to pit one against the other.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you. Your command, General, has experienced a decreased OPSTEMPO from the height of the war in Afghanistan. Now if the demand for global transportation does continue to decline, how will the reduced workload affect overall readiness in TRANSCOM and will our forces benefit from increased time to recover in time or will the reduced contributions to the Transportation Working Capital Fund adversely affect readiness?    General McDew. Yes and no. The decreased OPSTEMPO can't be felt across the entire enterprise. I will tell you that we have some areas that are still hitting a high OPTEMPO and that is our tanker fleet. Our KC-135 and KC-10 refueling fleet is stressed at a point that--near bending.    And I am concerned our ability to flex that force to another region of the world if we needed to. So that is still at a very, very high OPTEMPO, as are some other smaller areas in the command.    There have been a decrease of cargo flow throughout the enterprise and that has been documented. And I am concerned that we need to have enough cargo flow to ensure that our airlift industry, our gray-tailed--both gray-tail and gray-hulled fleet that we own inside the services, and our maritime fleet have enough business to keep the capacity we will need in the next conflict.    Because as you know the world is more volatile and we are going to have a conflict somewhere and we just need to make sure we can have that capacity that we will need and I am concerned that too low a flow on the cargo will keep us from keeping that at capacity.    Ms. Bordallo. That is right. All right and I have a third question. As we continue the Pacific rebalance strategy, what opportunities does this provide to broaden the skills and experience of our mobility force? Will the increase in transportation need throughout the Pacific provide any additional challenges to TRANSCOM?    And lastly, does TRANSCOM foresee the need for any increased infrastructure or capabilities in the region to help facilitate transportation operations?    General McDew. You earlier acknowledged that the fact that U.S. Transportation Command is a functional component command. I sometimes like to play with the words a little bit. We are a functional command, yes, but we have a global responsibility and global reach. And we are already in the Pacific. And we are working very closely with U.S. Pacific Command .    We know that there are challenges with distance and time in that region. We know that we have some volatile actors in that region so we are very, very closely aligned with USPACOM and what they are trying to do in the region.    There are some challenges there but I believe the PACOM team is doing some amazing things in the region with partners and allies to give us bed-down options and access to ports.    The challenges of cyber and the challenges of a malign actor forcing attrition upon us are sums that we have to continue to concern ourselves with but I will tell you, U.S. Transportation Command is already in the Pacific and we understand the region and our crews are ready to operate there.    Ms. Bordallo. I am pleased to hear that. Thank you.    And I, too, would like to go on record as wishing Chief Turner the best in the future. Thank you for your service.    And I yield back.    Ms. Bordallo. Thank you Mr. Chairman. General McDew, question for you.    TRANSCOM recently released the CRAF Report in response to the fiscal year 2016 NDAA . Can you relate how TRANSCOM engaged with industry in developing the inputs in this report to Congress? And was there agreement generally or are there still areas of disagreement?    General McDew. Thank you for the opportunity to talk about that a little bit, the CRAF report.    If I may step back just a second and talk about the industry, I believe that U.S. Transportation Command and our international, our commercial aircraft industry in this country have a good relationship. There is no universal agreement in that industry about anything.    However, I believe--I am being a bit facetious, but if you get 20-some-odd carriers in a room you may get a little bit of disagreement. So I don't believe we have universal agreement but I think we have good agreement that the report addresses their concerns.    I think that we can always improve communication. The disagreement we had going into--that caused us to have to do the report in the first place, I think, was purely a lack of communication, a lack of understanding about terms.    In the report, we talk about block hours, and that is what the commercial industry uses to do their training, do a lot of the financing--we don't typically use that term in our business. So we may have been talking past each other when we talk about readiness of that fleet compared to the readiness of our Air Force fleet and the fleets we use.    So we did engage heavily with industry, we let them see the advance reports, which I think upset a few. We then changed the report and modified it to address some of their concerns. And I believe the final report we included letters from many of the carriers. A couple of them still disagree with what is in the report but many of them are supportive.    Ms. Bordallo. Well thank you. That is good news.    And I yield back, Mr. Chairman.