    Mr. Schiff. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    I am still trying to figure out who is Indiana Jones in that analogy. I don't think there is an Indiana Jones on this panel, much as I would like to say there is.    I want to comment on a couple things, and I am not sure that I have any question for either of the panelists.    Mr. Higgins, thank you for spending your time with us today. I am not sure why you are here, but I appreciate your presence.    And, Mr. Rubin, it looks like your reason for being here is so that we can beat up on you, which I think is grossly unfair to you and unfair to the State Department, considering that if we are going to look to assess responsibility for the slow pace of this investigation, we ought to look to ourselves before we look to the State Department.    Given that we didn't ask for a single new document from the State Department for the first half-year of the existence of this select committee, it seems a bit disingenuous to be criticizing the State Department for the pace of our investigation. The entire Katrina investigation, that select committee, had finished its work before we had even requested a document from the State Department and certainly before this point in our investigation.    I think the problem here is not with the pace of the State Department's response. The problem all along has been this committee has such an indefinite scope, we don't know exactly what we are looking for. This was a big part of the reason why many Democrats had a reservation about participating in the committee or forming the committee. As the chairman pointed out, on the vote to form the select committee originally, only seven Democratic Members supported it because it was unclear, other than the political purpose, what was the purpose of this select committee. And in the reauthorization, which took place as part of the rules package, not a single Democrat supported it. In fact, four Republicans voted against the rules package which reauthorized this committee.    And a big part of the reason is that, even now, eight months later, we still don't know what we are looking for. And this is a problem not only in terms of this select committee and investigation going on indefinitely, but it is also a problem in terms of the pace at which we can expect to get our document requests responded to. If we had a better idea of what we were looking at, if we had a better idea of what was actually in controversy, then we could narrow our requests, and I am sure we could get it complied with with much more alacrity.    Part of the reason why I think the charter for this select committee was as broad as the chairman mentioned is that we really didn't know the purpose of this committee. Were we looking at gun-running, or were we looking at nonexistent stand-down orders, or were we looking at military assistance that was ordered not to be provided, or were we looking at any other number of myths?    The challenge has been that, on these issues, it is not as if there was a factual controversy. There wasn't, before this committee was established. We have had innumerable investigations, and we couldn't narrow in on a particular set of facts that were in dispute, because it really wasn't a fact-based dispute as much as a political dispute about how to interpret the events.    So the charter was very broad, and, for that reason, it was voted on on a fairly party-line basis. But the committee was established. We agreed to participate in the hopes that, against our expectation, it would turn out to be something different.    And, initially, it looked that way. And I am grateful that the first two hearings were on a very productive course, and that is what have we done in terms of implementing the ARB recommendations. I think that was very productive to do. I think it is very productive to ask, ``Where are we in the hunt for those responsible?''    But we haven't narrowed the scope to those things. We haven't narrowed the scope, indeed, at all. We still don't know what we are looking for, but we know we are looking for something. And it is part of the reason why we feel it is so important that we agree on the scope of this investigation; otherwise, it is going to go on forever. It really will be a partisan fishing expedition, or it will be drawn out to affect the Presidential election cycle.    At the end of the day--and I want to disabuse anyone of the idea that was suggested by my colleague--we have never asked for a veto over subpoenas. What we have asked for is to be notified of them, to have a chance to weigh in. Where they are not disputed, our ranking member and chairman can agree on them, and where they are disputed, we ought to have a vote on them. That is not a veto. They have far more members than we do. Provided their members agree with the subpoena requests, they should always be approved. But we ought to have at least an open debate about it to prevent this from getting into a purely partisan exercise, unless that is the goal.    So I think defining the scope here is going to be very important if it is going to have any credibility.    And the final point I would make on this is, if this investigation doesn't produce a bipartisan report, it will have been a complete failure. It will be a meaningless failure. Because if we don't produce a bipartisan report at the end of the day, it will have no credibility. So if we are going to invest our time in this, let's make it worthwhile. And that means let's make it bipartisan so that the country and the families will have the confidence of knowing that this was an objective work product.    Because, honestly, if at the end of the day we have a report and the Republicans vote for it and the Democrats vote against it, yes, it will pass--you have the majority; you can do pretty much whatever you want--but it will have been a complete waste of time, and it will be a disservice to the families and a disservice to the taxpayers.    So if we are going to get to that bipartisan work product at the end of the day, it is going to have to mean we need to know who you are talking to. We need to know when they agree with the narrative that some believe; we need to know when they disagree with that narrative.    We ought to be part of the discussions about who we are subpoenaing. We ought to be part of the discussion about what we are really going to focus on here. I mean, at the end of the day, is it really about gun-running? Does anyone really think that is what this is about? And if it is not, okay, then let's not waste our time on that.    So let's figure out what this is about. Let's, you know, dedicate ourselves to making this a bipartisan work product at the end of the day. And we all have too much to do and there is too much at stake and too many families who are so deeply impacted by this, that they deserve better than anything less than bipartisan.    And I yield back.