    Mr. Olson. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will be very brief. Pipeline safety is bipartisan. I am a pro-energy, pro-growth congressman from the pro-growth, pro-energy city of Houston, Texas. But growth only happens if the people trust us, if we get safety right.    Industry does its best but government must do its part, too. Sensible rules need to be written and effectively enforced. Mistakes cost lives. Inaction costs lives. And that is why I would like to thank my friend and chairman for holding this hearing on a draft bill to reauthorize the Pipeline Safety Act. It is an important step forward. This bill includes some critical language on having safety inspectors that my good friend and fellow Texan, Gene Green, and I wrote with another Texan, Brian Babin and Janice Hahn, a Californian, who went to college in Amarillo and Abilene, Texas.    This process for having inspectors at the federal level is slow and difficult. Let us cut the red tape, put inspectors on the ground. Let us get safety right. I yield back.    Mr. Olson. I thank the chair. Welcome, Administrator Dominguez. I would like to talk about staffing at PHMSA, where are we now, where you would like to go, and how can DHA help? Following up on a lot of questions from Ranking Member Rush.    In your testimony, you mentioned that direct hire authority would cut hiring time from 100 days to 30 days, a 70 percent reduction by the math. As I mentioned in my opening statement, Gene Green and I have a bipartisan bill to give PHMSA, you, DHA authority for a few years as you work through the new regulations.    Obviously, hiring only matters if you get those inspectors in the field. Would you please talk about how PHMSA is improving training for inspectors?    Mr. Olson. And that's important. Thank you, ma'am. About Section 2 and Section 3 of the discussion draft. They require PHMSA to keep Congress and the public informed of the status of overdue rules and tackle them before beginning new rulemakings. Do you agree that this is a sensible and achievable requirement and any concerns about pressure points where you might feel some pressure to comply with these ideas, these new policies?    Mr. Olson. So it sounds like the 2011 mandates are pressure points. Any other pressure points you are concerned about going forward with keeping Congress and the public informed, more personnel, just whatever? I mean how can we make sure you do your job and the people back home know that this is safe?    Mr. Olson. And one final question. This is on Section 6 of the discussion draft that requires PHMSA to conduct timely post-inspection briefings with operators of pipelines. If there is a safety hazard, the operator needs to know so they can fix it immediately. Would PHMSA have an issue complying with this section going forward to any issues with PHMSA?    Mr. Olson. Yes, ma'am. Section 6 of the discussion draft requires PHMSA to conduct timely post-inspection briefings of the operators of pipelines. If there is a safety hazard that the operator needs to know so they can fix it immediately, how does that knowledge get to the operator? That is what I am saying. Can you take that mandate? Can you roll with that or do you need more help or something because these people need to have that information if they don't have it.    Mr. Olson. Thank you very much. I am out of time. I yield back.    Mr. Olson. I thank the chair for his courtesies. And welcome to our witnesses. A special welcome to Mr. Black and Mr. Santa.    As we all know, the first exports of American crude oil left Corpus Christi a few weeks ago and this week the first exports of American liquefied natural gas left Texas and Louisiana this week as well. Thank you, thank you, thank you. That is American liquid freedom going to Latin America and going to Europe. You guys are rock stars back home because of that.    But let us talk about corrosion. In the investigation of the 2015 pipeline spill at Refugio Beach in California, they found corrosion in the pipeline. That fact should be no surprise. Obsolete gas pipelines and liquid pipes operate in tough environments. Soil corrodes. The product within the pipeline corrodes. And these aren't always brand-new pipes.    As I saw in our Navy, corrosion starts from day one. In fact, they attack it every day with what is called a paint and chip detail. The young sailors have a scraper, a bucket of paint, and a brush and go all over the ship trying to curtail corrosion. It is a big challenge.    So can you both, please, with you Mr. Black and Mr. Santa, discuss how you plan to control corrosion in your pipelines? Feel free. Big question, I know.    Mr. Olson. Thank you.    Mr. Olson. A smart pig is right across the hall, I think, actually. A smart pig is there right now.    Mr. Olson. Mr. Santa, natural gas people, your pipelines, any concerns about corrosion, but what is your biggest--what is your plan to deal with corrosion to control it?    Mr. Olson. So still the safest way to transport liquids is with pipelines pure and simple.    Mr. Olson. Another question for you, Mr. Black. PHMSA is looking to require remotely operated automatic shutoff valves in pipelines in the future. GAO has done a report on that and found that there are some safety concerns in some cases where they are used on liquid pipelines. What are your thoughts on automatic shutoff valves and what issues do they pose for liquid lines?    Mr. Olson. I yield back the balance of my time. Thank you.