    Dr. Stofan. Thank you. I'm pleased to appear before the Committee to discuss astrobiology and the search for life beyond Earth. If I could have the first slide, please.    NASA's science missions are providing strong evidence of possible habitable environments beyond Earth. With future technology and instruments currently under development, we will explore the solar system and beyond, and could indeed, perhaps in as little as 10 to 20 years, discover some form of life, past or present.    Our search is making amazing progress. When I was a Ph.D. student, scientists certainly suspected that planets might be commonplace in the universe, but we have not found evidence of a single one. Twenty years ago, we found evidence of such a planet, and today, thanks to NASA's space missions and ground-based telescopes, we have identified nearly 5,000 planets orbiting other stars, and we now believe that that the vast majority of stars in the universe have planets around them. In July, the Kepler mission confirmed the first near-Earth-size planet in the ``habitable zone'' around a sun-like star, Kepler-452b.    On Mars, a series of NASA missions culminating in the Curiosity Rover, which touched down in Gale Crater nearly three years ago, have allowed us to make fundamental discoveries. Next slide.    We now know that Mars was once a water world much like Earth, with clouds and a water cycle, and indeed some running water currently on the surface. For hundreds of millions of years, about half of the northern hemisphere of Mars had an ocean, possibly a mile deep in places.    Indeed, we now know that we live in a soggy solar system, and undoubtedly, in a soggy universe. For instance, Jupiter lies outside the habitable zone and we would expect water there to be frozen. Yet we now have evidence of liquid oceans on three moons of Jupiter under the icy crusts of those worlds. And using the Hubble and Spitzer Space Telescopes, we have found signs of water in the atmospheres of planets around other stars.    So what lies ahead in the next decade of exploration? I'd like to describe just some of the highlights. Life as we know it requires water, liquid water, that's been stable on the surface of a planet for a very long time. That's why Mars is our primary destination in the search for life in our solar system. The Mars 2020 Rover mission will study Martian rocks and soils to understand past habitable conditions on Mars and to seek signs of ancient microbial life. If we do find evidence of life on Mars, it will likely be fossilized microorganisms preserved in the rock layers. The Mars 2020 Rover will begin the search, but as a field geologist, I can tell you it's going to be hard to find. That's why I believe it will take human explorers who can move quickly and make intuitive decisions on their feet to really identify it, and in doing so, inspire that next generation of explorers.    Over the next decade, our journey to Mars involves the development of a commercial crew capability for low-Earth orbit, the Space Launch System and Orion, to go beyond low-Earth orbit and an asteroid redirect mission.    Beyond Mars, the President's fiscal year 2016 budget request supports the formulation and development of a new mission to the Jovian moon Europa. If I could have the next slide.    We estimate that Europa has twice as much water as the Earth's oceans, and Hubble has observed plumes of water at one of Europa's poles. A Europa mission could potentially, among other things, analyze these water plumes to determine the composition of those oceans.    Beyond our solar system, there are countless other worlds that could harbor life. In 2017, NASA will launch the Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite to look for rocky planets near the habitable zone of the closest stars. Next slide.    We will then use the James Webb Space Telescope to analyze the atmospheres of some of these planets. The President's fiscal year 2016 budget request also supports the pre-formulation of a Wide Field Infrared Survey Telescope with the capability of directly imaging planets around the nearest stars and analyzing their atmospheres.    Since Earth remains, for now, the only instance of an inhabited planet, the search for life also requires that we further develop our understanding of life on Earth. Through our research here, we have learned that life is tough, tenacious, metabolically diverse, and highly adaptable to local environmental conditions. Astrobiologists have discovered life in numerous extreme environments and in extraordinary forms from bacteria that consume chemicals that would be toxic to most other life, to microbes that live under high levels of radiation.    Perhaps even more interesting is the possibility that life could exist in the absence of liquid water. That's why scientists are interested in exploring some of the more unusual places in our solar system and beyond, such as Saturn's moon Titan, where it rains liquid methane and ethane. Could such an environment harbor life? We don't know yet.    Ultimately, of course, the search for life is a crosscutting theme in all of NASA's space science endeavors, bringing together research in astrophysics, Earth science, heliophysics, and planetary science. Astrobiology is guided by a community-constructed roadmap generated about every five years with the next roadmap slated for release later this year.    In addition, in April NASA announced the formation of an initiative dedicated to the search for life on planets outside our solar system. The Nexus for Exoplanet System Science is an interdisciplinary effort that connects top research teams and provides a synthesized approach in the search for planets with the greatest potential for harboring life.    From research, to our knowledge of where to go and what to look for, to the capabilities of finding it both within our solar system and beyond, we are making great discoveries.    Thank you for the opportunity to testify today.    Dr. Stofan. Indeed, the new results that we just got show that the recurring slope lineae, these features that are on the sides of some craters on slopes, seasonally over time it seems that water melts----    Dr. Stofan. --briny water carries those materials down slope, and we've finally been able to put all the evidence together, including chemical observations, to say, okay, that's really what's forming these things, which we're incredibly excited about.    The problem is these features are very transient. There's not a whole lot of water that's carrying those salts and so it's very hard to see with the resolution of spacecraft that we see. But again, we can certainly trace of the chemical signatures.    We also, at the Phoenix landing site, were able to see the evidence of liquid water, including a little droplet on the spacecraft. So, you know, water is there on Mars. It's not in huge abundance right near the surface but we know it's at the poles, we know it's under----    Dr. Stofan. I'm afraid I can't answer exactly when will have--we feel that the evidence we showed yesterday is certainly good evidence of liquid water, but you have to understand that those water--when it's flowing on the surface, it's very, very hard to detect.    Dr. Stofan. Well, I certainly believe that it's going to be Mars, and I think, as you heard from me and you heard from Dr. Lunine, we're very optimistic about the 2020 Rover and its potential for looking for signs for ancient microbial life. Now, again, that's----    Dr. Stofan. --not the most exciting in a lot of people's terms to find fossilized microbes, but that's--or the signatures----    Dr. Stofan. --that those microbes existed, but I'm really optimistic, but again, I think it's going to take humans on the surface of Mars to really get at the definitive evidence to study that liquid water----    Dr. Stofan. --that we want to see.    Dr. Stofan. I'm a strong believer that NASA plays an incredibly important role in inspiring the next generation. And Charlie Bolden loves to say that everything we do at NASA is about STEM education. Every time we launch a rocket, every time we do something like encountering Pluto, we are inspiring the next generation to want to explore, to question why. And I would like to see NASA stay on the steady course we have been with obviously this Committee's support to continue that exploration and move forward with moving humans out beyond the low-Earth orbit.    Dr. Stofan. We have two different committees at NASA, certainly, the Planetary Protection Group where we take these issues extremely seriously both for forward contamination of Mars and the backward contamination for when we eventually return samples to the Earth. So that's one aspect of where we are certainly doing research. We're doing testing of all our Mars spacecraft in the planetary protection area.    We also have another group where we reach out into the community and bring experts in to advise us on our curation. I had the opportunity just this past year to tour the facility down at Johnson. It's extremely--it's an amazing facility. It's really fun to be able to go there and look at the Apollo lunar samples, the meteorites we've returned from Antarctica. And we take that facility, its preservation, and its eventual expansion as we move eventually towards bringing samples back from Mars. So we certainly work closely with the community to understand what is needed and to make sure we will eventually, when we do return samples from Mars, we will have a plan in place.    Dr. Stofan. No. We at NASA can certainly take that question for the record.    Dr. Stofan. I will say I was just talking with someone a few weeks ago. I was at a conference at Ames Research Center where we were thinking about climate on extrasolar planets, and it's one of the reasons, as I mentioned in my testimony, that this whole area of astrobiology is an amazing one and it actually makes me think it'll be a little hard to pull the number out. We can certainly get you a number on the exact funding--    Dr. Stofan. --but when you're thinking about, for example, habitable conditions on stars, you have to be doing heliophysics to understand stars, the wind--that solar wind, the interior of the planet, does it have a magnetosphere that then protects that atmosphere from being stripped away? The work we do here on Earth to understand extremophiles, planetary science, we're pulling from so many disciplines, which is to me what makes this area of science in particular so incredibly exciting and fruitful. It's truly interdisciplinary.    Dr. Stofan. You know, I think one of the most exciting things about yesterday is the fact that we now know there's near-surface liquid water on Mars. And so this idea that Jonathan Lunine mentioned in his testimony of--you know, again, because of this length of water--time that we know that water was stable on Mars, that's what makes scientists think that Mars is the place where life maybe could have evolved because not only did you have liquid water but you had the time to allow the chemical reactions to take place.    The exciting thing about knowing there's near-surface water is saying maybe there could still be life forms on Mars today deep underground, several meters below ground where the cosmic radiation that affects Mars would not affect them, but the idea that it's potentially accessible to be studied by, again, astronauts and laboratories on the surface of Mars. And again, as a field geologist, somebody who likes to go out in the field and crack open rocks, I just have this strong bias that it's going to take humans, laboratories a lot of work because, again, when you're--it's one thing if you're looking for something large. If you're looking for something small, it's going to take time and it's going to take effort, and that's why I think humans are so critical. And that's why NASA has chosen to be on this path. And I think the findings from yesterday convince us we're on the correct path.    Dr. Stofan. Well, I certainly think that this is a multi--as I said, it's a so interdisciplinary that you really need a multipronged approach. And so I think that's what NASA has developed by saying we do need boots on the ground. I personally think it's achievable that we meet the President's goal of getting humans in the Mars vicinity in the 2030s. I think it's completely doable. And in the meantime of course continuing our robotic exploration like we're doing with the Mars 2020, moving with the Europa mission to go and explore Europa.    So I don't think it's an either/or; I think it's an ``and.'' We need to do the technology research here on the ground. We need to do biological research, and certainly synthetic biology is an amazing expanding field at this point in time. But I think it's all of those things together that help us move forward scientifically and help us refine scientific questions as we move forward.    Dr. Stofan. Well, I think in the area of astrobiology this is why community roadmaps like the Astrobiology Community Roadmap that is coming out this year--because in my mind, going to the community, whether it's through the Decadal Survey process through the Academies, the astrobiology roadmap is going out to the community, who--in general, the scientists know where all the funding streams are coming from. They're the ones who are truly pulling and doing this multidisciplinary work. So when you get the community together and say here are the priorities, here are the areas that we think have the most potential for advancement in the next five to ten years, it's that voice of the scientific community that I think helps guide----    Dr. Stofan. In astrobiology I would argue that NASA is really guiding what we're doing and what the next steps are. We certainly work closely with other agencies, though.    Dr. Stofan. We certainly don't have any regulatory authority but I'd have to take that question for the record because I don't know the answer to it.    Dr. Stofan. You know, we just don't know the answer to that. You know, we know--what we do know is that life evolved very rapidly here on Earth after conditions stabilized. And again, that's a factor that makes us optimistic that there's life elsewhere in the solar system knowing that life arose relatively rapidly here.    But we honestly don't know if, again, did Mars--you know, bacteria come from Mars, bacteria from Earth go to Mars? We just don't know that, and that's why it's so critical we think to continue this search for life on Mars, the other bodies of our solar system to answer that very question.    Dr. Stofan. I think it's a something the scientific community really struggles with. You know, certainly there are signs that everybody agrees on, you know, something that is self-replicating, something that consumes a something and excretes something else, but the problem is life here on Earth, what we've learned from doing research here on Earth is that life and the boundary of what's not life and what is life is a little blurry, and that's why this is going to be so challenging to go find life on other planets.    Dr. Stofan. You know, I'm going to go with the geologists on the surface of Mars looking--you know, cracking open lots of rocks looking for life. That's my big payoff mission.    Dr. Stofan. I chaired the Inner Planets Panel for the last Planetary Science Decadal Survey, and in--listed in the New Frontiers collapse of missions is a mission to look at the terrain around the south pole of the Moon where we think the lunar mantle has come very close to the surface to help us understand the origin of the Moon and what that tells us about the origin and evolution of our own planet. So scientifically, we certainly have lots of outstanding questions about the Moon that the scientific community has articulated through the Decadal Surveys.    Dr. Stofan. You know, I certainly always mention this fact, that ever since I think there have been people looking up at the sky, we've wondered are we alone, and so there is that huge philosophical piece. The other piece I like to talk about is, you know, when we find life, does it have RNA? Does it have DNA? Is its cell structure like our cell structure? And then how can we take that information and look back at life here on Earth and try to understand better how life here involved, what the conditions are? And so to me you do get a tremendous learning about life in general by finding life on other planets.    Obviously also I try to point out to audiences if they don't buy the science and the philosophy stuff, I try to point out to them that when we do great human endeavors, whether it's, you know, exploring the Moon, building the next great telescope, we challenge technology. We bring good technology jobs to this country. We move this country forward in our reputation both internationally and at home. And I think there's that inspiration part of just doing really hard things, accomplishing great things, which this country has demonstrated so ably that were so capable of.    And I will say I also like to tell schoolchildren when I go and talk to them, I say oh, my gosh, you guys have so much work to do. We have 5,000 planets we need you to go study. You know, we've got entries and landings for humans on Mars. You guys better grow up and get to work. We need help.    Dr. Stofan. Maybe.    Dr. Stofan. It certainly makes us concerned that that water in particular had a lot of perchlorates in it and salts, and so based on--you know, and this is where everything we say--you know, based on what we know about life on Earth, that would not be a very habitable type of water. That being said, what we know about the Earth is like this. What could be is like that. So fundamentally we don't know.    Dr. Stofan. You know, I think the scientific community right now, not just in the United States but around the world is--you know, because obviously planetary protection is something that's governed by international policies and procedures, we want to make sure that if we find life on Mars, we know that we've found life that is Martian life, not contamination we brought from the Earth.    And so certainly in areas where there are water, we need to be cautious, extremely cautious as we move towards exploring them. However, those areas could potentially be the most interesting areas to explore. And so I think the scientific community is certainly going through a process right now of saying, okay, right now, we don't think that's the place to run to and potentially contaminate so let's take a really measured, very scientific approach to how we might get at exploring those regions. Obviously, when we eventually send humans to Mars, that's going to lead to much likely broader-scale contamination, and so I think it's important as we lead up to sending humans to Mars we try to keep Mars as pristine as we can.    Dr. Stofan. Certainly the California drought is something that NASA is very concerned about. We've been using our satellites to do what we can to help to certainly monitor with the GRACE data. And we've certainly seen the alarming reduction in the amount of water in the aquifers. And we've been working on some projects with farmers in California that have--and some pilot projects that have reduced water usage by as much as 30 percent. So NASA is trying to help.    Dr. Stofan. The Astrobiology Roadmap that again will come out shortly, the reason that it's taken longer is because this science is evolving so rapidly and how the scientific community looks at it, bringing in all these multiple disciplines that want to have a voice in astrobiology because you might have thought ten years ago if you're a heliophysicist that nothing you do has anything to do with astrobiology. All of a sudden you say, wait, I can actually contribute. And so that's been--the reason for the delay of the roadmap is we've just been trying to get the best science from the scientific community, get it properly reviewed, and get it out as soon as we can. And so we're happy that it's done and it's about ready to go.    How we use those roadmaps is--definitely comes in several different ways. Basically, when anybody then proposes to NASA, whether it's to do research, to do a mission, they then say here's how my mission that I'm proposing maybe to a competitive line at NASA. Here's how I'm consistent with the goals of what the community is saying. And then we can use that at NASA and say is this really high priority? Because we look to the community through these community roadmaps, through the decadal process to say what is the best science, what's the latest science, the most up-to-date science, and then how can we use that to inform our decision-making?    Dr. Stofan. I don't know that. I can take that for the record.