    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for holding this hearing on this really important topic.    And we talk a lot about retirement security. And I have to tell you, I have had a lot of meetings about this issue.    I am particularly proud of my state. The legislature just passed the Oregon retirement security bill which is a voluntary plan to make an IRA available to all Oregonians without access to a retirement plan at their workplace, which once again our state is showing some leadership there on this really important issue.    This is a fascinating, but complex issue and I am fairly new to it, even though I did some work years ago as a lawyer in securities. So to try to understand the whole jurisdictional issue with when the Department of Labor is involved because it is ERISA and when state law is preempted and then the SEC involvement.    And I am glad you are working with the SEC. And I appreciate your comments about telling the committee about all of those discussions and correspondence.    So I wanted to just emphasize how important this is to our constituents, particularly middle- and low-income families in my district and all of our districts. It is important for them to have access to financial advice that they can trust.    And again, I have had a lot of meetings about this. I have also heard from people in the industry who are very concerned about the implementation. We have made progress with the consensus now that the best interest is what the industry is saying they agree to and it is the implementation that appears to be the issue.    I have also heard from AARP, NAACP, National Council of La Raza all supporting the rule. And they have really made consumer rights a centerpiece of their advocacy. And I have a background in consumer protection and I very much appreciate that.    And to me, it seems like we have the same goal here, to make sure that the people who are getting advice are getting advice that they can trust and that it is in their best interests.    So let's talk a little bit about some of the issues that have been raised. Particularly, will you please clarify because I have heard over the past couple of years it is going to be a big problem because we won't be able to sell any products on commissions? That has been clarified, correct?    Ms. Bonamici. Sell products and get a commission.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you. And then the information versus advice, and this has to do with the timing. Are you open to working on that and taking advice from people who are here? When does that contract--you talked a little bit about what if somebody calls in and can they get advice about the balance of investments. Let's talk about the timing because that has been raised by industry as well. When does that contract need to be signed?    Ms. Bonamici. And I appreciate your involvement. And certainly, the products are much more complex than when I think ERISA was enacted in the mid-1970s. And you know, it really is a different world out there and it is critical.    So I just want to emphasize that I appreciate your Department's willingness to work with the industry, your openness to hear the concerns. Because again, we have the same goal, we want to make sure that people are getting advice that they can trust, that is in their best interest.    And even though prevention is obviously ideal, your story that you told at the beginning about what happened to the family, you know, it is devastating what happened. I hope they had a remedy and I hope that through this process we make sure that people who do end up in those situations have a remedy so that they don't lose their life savings and their home.    So again, thank you for your willingness to work with us. And appreciate your being here.    Ms. Bonamici. Yield back. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you to the witnesses. You have been here a very long time and I am glad you are all here. It has been a very enlightening conversation.    I have always found that consumer confidence is really an important part of economic growth. It is good for businesses large and small when their customers know that they are being treated fairly and honestly.    If you look back at the history of where the SEC came from, you know, after the Great Depression the SEC was formed and those securities rules were written in order to bring that confidence back to the market. So it is a critical part, that consumer confidence.    And it is important as we have this conversation about the critical issue of retirement security that consumers have that confidence in their advisers and their transactions.    So I am really glad to hear of industry's support for the best-interest standard.    And let me just clarify something real quickly, because I want to make sure I am understanding what you are saying. Some of you have said the best-interest standard and some of you have said the best-interest fiduciary standard. Does everybody agree that the best-interest standard is a fiduciary standard? Does anybody not agree with that?    Ms. Bonamici. Okay, great. That is really helpful.    And I want to ask a couple of questions and save time for Mr. Kelleher.    But Mr. Mason, you and Mr. Harman sort of brought up the same thing. I thought maybe for a minute you were law partners, you were like Mason & Harman.    Ms. Bonamici. So Mr. Mason, you said something about the brokerage model doesn't work under this rule for small accounts.    And Mr. Harman, you basically said the same thing, that this proposal will, I think you said, fail the lower-net-worth clients who pay on commission. And I am confused about why, because the Secretary sat here and said commissions will be--there will be the ability to charge commissions under this rule.    So can you briefly tell me why you say that the brokerage model won't work? And then I want to save time for a question for Mr. Kelleher.    Ms. Bonamici. Go ahead, Mr. Mason. Go ahead.    Ms. Bonamici. Right.    Ms. Bonamici. Of course.    Ms. Bonamici. No. I just wanted to make sure that I have time left.    Ms. Bonamici. And thank you for pointing out that.    Ms. Bonamici. I am going to reclaim my time for some other questions.    Ms. Bonamici. That was very helpful.    And Mr. Haley, you brought up the contract before the conversation. But that is not what Secretary Perez said.    So Mr. Kelleher, you heard the discussion both with the Secretary and the discussion here today about this problem that has been raised or this issue that has been raised about the best-interest contract exemption would require signed contracts before any conversations. But that isn't what the Secretary said.    So it seems like we are talking about two different things here.    Ms. Bonamici. And I see my time is expired. I just wanted to note that there are other areas where there is a fiduciary duty that we can get this done. And if you are all in agreement that we need to have this fiduciary standard, I don't see any reason why we can't make this happen.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And first, I would like to enter into the record the letter referenced by Mr. Kelleher dated June 16, 2015, from various organizations in support of the rule. I would like to enter that into the record.    Ms. Bonamici. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And I am going to give the opening statement on behalf of the Ranking Member. But I want to say that I am an optimistic person. And when I hear everyone has the same goal, the best-interest fiduciary standard, and there are some definitional differences about how we get there, I am confident that we can get this done. And I get to say this because I also serve on the Science Committee, it is not rocket science to get this done.    So we are a long way, 40 years away from the days when most people had traditional pensions to rely on in retirement. This shift away from defined benefit plans has exacerbated retirement insecurity in this country. And the proposal we discussed at length today modernizes this outdated fiduciary rule that was developed when the defined benefit plans were the standard, which is certainly not like today.    At the end of 2014, $7.4 trillion in U.S. retirement assets could be found invested in IRAs. Much of that had been in ERISA-covered plans before being rolled over. And $6.8 trillion could be found in private, employer-sponsored, defined contribution plans like a 401(k).    Individuals with little to no financial expertise must determine their own retirement strategy as well as make complicated investment decisions in order to prepare for retirement.    Too many middle class and working families are worried about saving enough for retirement, and it is critical that when these individuals seek advice from professionals they receive recommendations and advice that is in their best interest rather than conflicted advice that is in the best financial interest of their adviser.    Unfortunately, conflicted advice has been permitted under the standard we have been operating under for the past 40 years.    The Department's proposal, which they have been working on for years with input from the industry, is reasonable and affords participants the access to all the necessary information available to help them make informed retirement decisions.    We look forward to continuing to work with the Department to ensure that the final rule appropriately addresses concerns.    Thank you very much to the witnesses for such an enlightening hearing.