    Ms. Frankel. Thank you, Mr. Chair, and I was on that trip with you and Mr. Engel when we went to Ukraine last year.    Thank you for your testimony. I want to say that I feel anxiety when I hear some of my colleagues with their unflattering remarks and I will tell you why. I have three questions. When we were in Ukraine we heard--I am going to follow up Mr. Cicilline's question because he was with us. We heard time and time again how the corruption of the Ukrainian Government undermined the government, created an environment which I think you alluded to allowed Russia's aggression to proceed, but it was not just the laws it was cultural, and so I would like you to, if you could, expound.    The number one is, first of all, would you have even considered giving weapons to the previous government, Yanukovych, would you have considered that? And is the culture or the corruption that was in Ukraine which you are waiting to see if the reforms take place, how does that affect whether or not you are willing to turn arms over now?    That is question number one.    Number two, could you tell me the sanctions on Russia, what are the implications relative to the issues that we are facing in Syria and Iran? Have there been any implications? And number three, if you can get to it, can you tell us in your opinion what are the implications on our allies and relative to the Budapest Agreement if we do not resist Russia's aggression?    Ambassador Nuland. Well, the last one is a big one, so let me just quickly go through the first ones. Our security relationship with Ukraine has gone through ups and downs after independence in '91 partly related to the quality of governance at the top. In recent years under the Yanukovych regime it was severely constrained not only because of our concerns about the military but also because of our concerns about his human rights record including with regard to Yulia Tymoshenko. So we were doing very little.    With regard to our current cooperation, we are subject to Leahy standards and appropriate vetting of units. One of the major lines of effort that we have going in our advisory effort with the Ukrainian military is to root out corruption and infiltration of that military. So that is something that we work on very hard.    We have, as Secretary Kerry has made clear when he was up here and at every time he is before you, worked hard to continue to be able to work with Russia on global interests where our interests align. So that takes you to the work we do together in the P5+1 on Iran. That cooperation continues not as a favor by Moscow to the United States, but because they too have no interest in a nuclear-armed Iran. Similarly our work on Afghanistan, our work to try to come to terms with the violence in Syria, which has not been completely successful, but those conversations continue. So we judge that they do it out of their own interests--not as a favor to us.    With regard to the threat to allies, we didn't talk today but we have in the past about the intensive effort underway in the NATO space to ensure that the Article 5 deterrent is absolutely visible--land, sea and air. We have young Americans as you know in the three Baltic states and Poland and soon in Bulgaria and Romania showing presence. We are working on new headquarters elements and other ways to be able to reinforce them very quickly if we need to. But, obviously, if the violence sweeps across Ukraine, if Ukraine breaks apart, falls, et cetera, I personally don't think that the effort to gobble countries will end there.    Ms. Frankel. And what, you said before the President is taking, or considerations as to whether to give further weapons or give weapons to Ukraine, what are the considerations?    Ambassador Nuland. Without getting into it in too detailed a way in this setting, just to say again that we are giving a significant amount of non-lethal security support defensive weapons to the Ukrainians. The issue is whether to increase the lethality. The issue is the kind of systems. On the one hand it goes to the Ukrainian need and desire to defend against the incredibly lethal offensive things that Russia has put in place since January-February. On the other side it goes to whether this actually serves to harden or whether it escalates and is considered provocative and makes it worse.    Ms. Frankel. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chair.