    Mrs. Napolitano. Yes, thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Today's hearing will review the Chief's Reports and Post-Authorization Change Reports that have been completed and submitted to Congress since our hearing in May of this year. We applaud the chairman's willingness to make sure that all of the pending Chief's Reports are eligible for inclusion in the new Water Resources Reform and Development Act and for the decision to hold this hearing today.    Since February, the committee has received completed Corps feasibility studies on the southwest coastal Louisiana project. In addition to the project, it brings the total to 29 pending Chief's Reports by the upcoming Water Resources Reform and Development Act. These important projects representing a diversity of projects' purposes and geographic regions are the next general of water infrastructure investment for our Nation. They all help to maintain and it helps national, regional and local economies in a variety of ways.    As noted in our last hearing, the range of pending projects include ecosystem restoration projects ranging from Los Angeles River, California, to the Central Everglades in Florida; navigation projects, such as the project for the Port of Brownsville, Texas; and flood control projects, such as the American River common features project, also in California.    Again, Mr. Chairman, I am pleased that we are discussing the pending Chief's Reports, and I would remind the chairman of the constraints we continue to face in utilizing Corps expertise on a host of other issues within the Corps authorities.    While Chairman Shuster has been accommodating to many Members on both sides of the aisle, including new Corps projects and studies in the pending water resources bill, I also recognize the constraints placed on him and this committee by the ill-conceived moratorium on infrastructure investment of the Republican Conference.    To that end, I want to call to this committee's attention a bipartisan House resolution, H.R. 813, introduced by a gentleman from Florida, Mr. Rooney, that would exclude water resources development projects of the Corps from the definition of a congressional earmark. This is a first good step to what I hope is a refocus of Congress on this wise infrastructure investment throughout the Nation. Regardless of the party, we should all support robust investment in our water resources and our water infrastructure.    For too long we have been simply closing our eyes to the condition of our Nation's infrastructure as it crumbles around us. Now in places like Flint, MI, Toledo, OH, and in my home State in California, we face what decades ago should have been unthinkable: questions about the continued reliability and safety of our water systems and water-related infrastructure.    Mr. Chairman, this bill is now past due. This is a serious issue for our States and our local communities for the safety and well-being of our families and for our overall quality of life. Yet day after day no action is taken in this Congress to address these issues. Mr. Chairman, we need to change that.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for today's hearing, and I welcome General Jackson for his testimony.    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    I was starting to say that we have been working with you for a short-term deviation for the current water control plan for a specific area, Whittier Narrows, in my area, augmenting the critical water shortage. I thank the Corps for their efforts in that regard, but we are still in a drought. According to the latest map, we are heavily in drought and must continue to address it.    Thank you to Chairman Shuster there is language in the committee approved Water Resources Development Act to benefit L.A. County drainage area, and I encourage the Corps to make more frequent and timely reviews and revisions of existing water control manuals in drought prone areas. We certainly are and most of California is in that same position.    I look forward to the enactment of the language before the end of this session. However, I expect that Los Angeles will need to make another attempt for a short deviation during the 2016-2017 winter storm to capture as much water as we can.    And I would like to know if you can commit towards working to approving a second season deviation for that area, especially Whittier Narrows, to help prepare for what looks like another seasonal crippling drought for the Southwest. It would help tremendously, and of course, we are still looking at dredging to be able to prepare the dams for capturing more water.    General Jackson. We will certainly commit to doing that. We are certainly committed to addressing the drought through whatever means that we have, and working the short-term deviations and the long-term reservoir fixes that we are in the process of working through across southern California.    Mrs. Napolitano. Well, I thank you very much, sir.    And, Mr. Chairman, I am certain that Mr. Larsen's request for the Puget Sound is going to be well received since it has already received quite a bit of support from his area.    And I yield back.