    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I would like to build on this theme of education. Admiral Rogers, the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs in my district and the Army Reserve just announced a partnership to educate cyber warriors. Is this a good model, and should we support it?    Mr. Lamborn. Okay. Thank you. And obviously this is something I think we are all really excited about pursuing.    General Wilson, recently I visited the 561st Network Operations Squadron which is in my district at Air Force Base Peterson, and they told me that their structure and approach to network cybersecurity could be a model for the other service branches. Is that something you would agree with, and if so, why?    General Wilson. So, sir, I think you were with Lieutenant Colonel Rocky Rockwell and the team of the 561st.    Mr. Lamborn. That's right.    General Wilson. Thank you for visiting. They really enjoyed the visit.    Sir, what they were referring to was this migration that I hinted at, getting the Air Force network, which is part of our larger DOD information network, to one centrally managed with a single architecture, which is really an early interim step towards the Joint Information Environment. So we are huge believers in it.    Many of the lessons that we learned out of the migration actually have been incorporated with the Army and with DISA and with all the services as we look at the JIE, this Joint Information Environment architecture, and the way that we are transitioning all of our networks. And so, it is a model. I think there is a lot of good, hard lessons. The team that you met at the 561st, we have a sister unit that is the 26th down in Montgomery, Alabama, at Gunter Air Force Base, is actually formed, about 40 people are on the joint management team that are working to transition with JIE.    And so we have taken the lessons from the people that have the bruises from going through a transition of that magnitude and trying to apply that to the JIE so that we are successful. So I absolutely believe that it is directly applicable, and we are excited about moving forward.    Mr. Lamborn. Well, I know that there can be value with each service branch learning its own lessons and standing something up. But on the other hand, there is also on the other side of the balance, why reinvent the wheel? If one of the branches has really done forward work, maybe that should be a model for others to follow.    General Wilson. So, sir, JIE, which we have all bought into in terms of the services, is really the next generation beyond where we are at today in the Air Force. And so it is really the interim step. So we shouldn't be satisfied with where the Air Force is. We need even a more defensible network. It is the best we can do with decades-old, 5-year-old technology. We need to move the DOD forward with the newer technologies, the next generation technologies, cloud architectures, single security stacks through our gateway, if that makes sense.    Mr. Lamborn. Thank you. Thank you all for your service.    Mr. Wilson of South Carolina. Thank you very much, Congressman Lamborn.    We now proceed with Congresswoman Elise Stefanik of New York.