    Dr. Davidson. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, I thank you for the opportunity to testify at today's important hearing. I'm Dr. Mark Davidson, associate deputy administrator for Veterinary Services within the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service.    APHIS and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention jointly oversee the Federal Select Agent Program. We ensure that anyone possessing, using, or transferring biological select agents or toxins that have the potential to pose a severe threat to the public, plant, or animal health does so safely and securely. This is a role that we take very seriously.    With my agency's focus on protecting and preserving American agriculture, APHIS scientists understand well the consequences these select agents and toxins can have. We recognize the gravity of recent incidents and I can assure you that our actions have strengthened the Federal Select Agent Program. While we cannot completely eliminate all risk, we have overlapping safeguards and processes in place to reduce the risk to low as possible.    In addition to today's GAO review, the Federal Select Agent Program has participated in a broad stakeholder review and other Federal-level studies of the program. These reviews have given us a robust set of recommendations to strengthen our oversight of the program. We have implemented a majority of these recommendations and are diligently addressing the remaining recommendations. This includes the five recommendations for APHIS in today's GAO report.    We are in the process of finalizing a proposed rule and regulated guidance that will provide clarity for the regulated community and the Select Agent Program about the roles and responsibilities for the inactivation of select agents. The rule will clarify what is required to achieve inactivation, and the related guidance will lay out standards to help researchers and others validate inactivation protocols. Once these inactivation standards are in place we will hold those that we regulate accountable for meeting the standards.    To that end, we are finalizing revisions to the standard incident reporting forms the program uses. We will now collect information about incomplete inactivation and other causes of release so that we can monitor and track issues that arise ensuring accountability for those who work with select agents and increasing our ability to analyze trends to reduce the risk of future incidents.    We are also in the final stages of developing a new enforcement system to ensure consistency across the Federal Select Agent Program. The three-tiered system assigns violations into categories based on severity and standardizes how the Federal Select Agent Program will respond to those violations. With implementation of the system which will include consistent consequences for violations related to the new inactivation guidance, enforcement under the Federal Select Agent Program will be more consistent and our stakeholders will have a clearer understanding of their responsibility.    Again APHIS takes any potential release of a select agent or toxin very seriously, but I assure you we are working closely with our Federal partners and the regulated community to develop strong cultures of safety and responsibility and policies and procedures that are science-based and to the maximum extent possible ensure the safety and security of these potentially dangerous select agents while allowing the valuable research to continue.    Mr. Chairman, this concludes my statement and I would be happy to answer any questions you or the members of the committee may have.    Dr. Davidson. All of our scientists have an important role to uphold the integrity, and each case will be investigated for the release and then if management action would be needed.    Dr. Davidson. As Dr. Sosin said, we work very closely together in implementing the changes, and through the different reviews--the Federal reviews, the GAO--we have found gaps that we needed to address. And we've been very active in the work we've done with our inspectors, you know, through the steps we're taking for the GAO in addressing the regulations' clear guidance and policies. And we've got to continue to always look towards improvement.    Dr. Davidson. Yes, we've worked together to----    Dr. Davidson. I agree. You know, as we work as a single entity, the breadth that we all bring from our scientists and our multidisciplinary expertise is robust, and the key is the factors we work on in coordination.    Dr. Davidson. So at USDA, as Dr. Monroe talked about, we each have individual areas that we work. One of the things that we're doing with inactivation is training at conferences to help people understand everything that has to go into an inactivation protocol and the steps that have to be taken to validate that protocol. From there our specific research is for individual agents that we work with within our high containment laboratories.