    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. The Appliance and Equipment Efficiency Standards Program at the Department of Energy has been incredibly successful over the years in reducing energy consumption and lowering consumers' energy bills. The program has also been beneficial to manufacturers, making energy saving products more ubiquitous and leaving the playing field--leveling, I should say, the playing field nationally.    In fact, efficiency standards for consumer appliances and other products likely constitute the single most effective Federal effort to reduce energy consumption in the United States. According to the Energy Department, Americans save $63 billion on their utility bills last year because of these standards, and this has also resulted in avoiding 2.6 billion tons of carbon dioxide emissions, which would equal the annual level of emissions from roughly 543 million vehicles.    These figures are staggering and highlight the dual benefits of this important program. Consumers save money, and our environment is spared billions of tons of pollution every year. And all of this began with enactment of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act, EPCA, which was signed into law by Republican President Gerald Ford. I highlight ``Republican.'' This apparently started a trend because with the exception of an amendment to the statute directing DOE to establish efficiency standards for consumer products under the Carter administration, every major expansion of the appliance efficiency standards program has been signed into law by a Republican president.    So while some of our witnesses and my colleagues on the other side of the aisle may lament the long list of appliance standards proposed by the Obama administration, they should remember that, depending on your point of view, much of the credit or blame for the Obama standards can be traced back to two laws signed by President George W. Bush, the Energy Policy Act of 2005, and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007.    And while the 2007 Act was passed by a Democratic Congress, the Energy Policy Act of 2005 was borne out of a fully Republican Congress and authored by the former Republican chairman of this committee. I don't know why I have to keep saying ``fully Republican Congress.'' That is obviously not what I like, but the fact of the matter is that, that most of this legislation was done by Republican Congress and Presidents, and this underscores an important fact: For the past 40 years, energy efficiency has been a bipartisan issue where Republicans and Democrats have come together to reduce energy consumption and save consumers money.    Times have changed, obviously. Certainly, there are a few Republicans who still understand the importance of energy efficiency. Mr. McKinley has worked with Mr. Welch to demonstrate that bipartisanship in this area is still alive to some degree. Yet regrettably, that seems to be the only Republican support for major efficiency legislation in this Congress. Consider the recent House vote to go to conference on an energy package that would actually increase consumption by rolling back efficiency. Again, how times have changed.    Could the efficiency-standard-setting process use improvement? Of course it could, because there is always room for improvement, despite a revisionist view that disputes over efficiency standards are a new development, the fact is that the standard-setting process has always yielded some controversy from one industry participant or another. But these controversies were generally worked out, and the results were better products, more efficiency, and often useful changes to the standard setting process.    My concern is that improvement simply may not be possible in this current Congress. Last year, when we were working to forge a bipartisan compromise on furnace standards, the less and forthright positions taken by certain stakeholders made me question the sincerity of the so-called reform efforts. Perhaps it is just a matter of perspective. What some stakeholders view as minor tweaks, look an awful lot to me like a thorough gutting of the standards program.    So ultimately, I believe a serious, successful energy policy for our Nation must address demand, not just supply. Improving the use of the resources we have to get more from less is common sense, and that is why efficiency has traditionally been a concept that brought parties together. And Mr. Chairman, I just hope that one day we will see that again. It doesn't seem like today is the day. So thank you. I yield back.    Mr. Pallone. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ms. Noll, from listening to some of the people sitting next to you on the panel and some of my colleagues on the other side, you would think that the standards process has suddenly become for more contentious than it used to be.    In my opening statement I talk about the fact that the standard setting process has always yielded some controversy from one industry to another. And that is not to say that complaints or controversies weren't always important or even valid. But I just see some contention as an inevitable part of any meaningful standard setting process no matter how well it functions.    So while not every standard can be negotiated, my sense is that there has been more consensus than ever before, and that every industry trade represented here today has been involved in and has likely benefited from that consensus.    So my question is, do you agree with me that there actually seems to have been more consensus in the standard setting process over the past 8 years, and of the rules finalized in the last 8 years, what percentage of those rules has been established through consensus negotiations, if you could?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Now I am a strong supporter of energy efficiency programs, and again I am confused by some of the claims being made by members of today's panel.    I find it difficult to believe that there are no more significant energy efficiency gains to consumer products unless you assume that we can improve upon our current technology or develop entirely new technologies that are more energy efficient.    For example, TV went from tubes, to liquid crystal displays, to plasma, to LED in a little over a decade. So are we truly done with refrigerators, dishwashers air conditions, furnaces, whatever?    Mr. Pallone. All right. Several witnesses have referred to mandatory serial rulemakings. And my understanding of the law is that it mandates the review of the standard every 6 years. However, to my knowledge, the law doesn't require that the standard be updated every 6 years.    So just to clarify, would you answer yes or no to the following questions, OK? Does the law require a standard be reviewed every 6 years? Yes or no.    Mr. Pallone. All right. Does the law mandate that a standard be updated every 6 years regardless of any other fact pattern?    Mr. Pallone. Does the DOE have to determine whether a rulemaking is likely to result in significant savings before requiring a standard be updated?    Mr. Pallone. OK, thanks a lot. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.