    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Madam Chairman.    And thanks also to Mr. Brady for your efforts in getting this review started, and certainly to my colleague, Mr. Davis, who has worked very diligently with me to try and come to a conclusion. We have reviewed a lot of documents, interviewed senior leadership in the CAO's Office, as well as meeting with outside sunshine groups who play a valuable role in looking at the institution, and they all shared proposals with us. We have talked to other Members, House staff about what we could do to improve House operations.    And I think today is a very good start. As we have noticed, there is more work to do. And it is my understanding that the chairwoman is considering holding additional meetings to continue the work of modernizing and reforming the regulations for how Members spend tax dollars, and that is really good news. And I look forward to working with all of my colleagues here on the Committee to make sure that we improve how the House does business.    As Mr. Davis and you have referenced, this is a bipartisan effort. Our Democratic leader sometimes says show a little love. And what that means is let other versions exist. Sometimes you have an idea and another person, but when you really sort through it you can come to a conclusion because you are really trying to get the same thing done. And that is really what this is a product of.    We have put commonsense conditions on the appropriate use of charter aircraft in a way we sorted through the issues so it works, we think, in a way without being bureaucratic to Members who have very rural districts. We have put limits on how Members can use tax dollars to decorate their offices. And as the chairwoman has mentioned, we already have a prohibition on using MRAs for things that are beyond what the House provides. We will find out how that happened in a separate outside review for the one flamboyant instance where that did not occur. But we have emphasized that that is the rule, and the expectation is that we would live with that rule.    We have changed documentation. And I think most importantly, we are going to continue a commitment to transparency by putting office statements of disbursement online in a searchable and sortable format, which gives the data more meaning and the taxpayers additional tools, because the more eyes we have on this, the better off we all are.    Now, I think most Members of Congress, you know, want to play by the rules. The last thing you want is a mess in your office. So we need to be clear on what the rules are so that people can live up to them.    Even though the resolution we are considering has many good changes, I do have one amendment I am going to offer on something we couldn't come to an agreement on, and maybe we can through the amendment process. But I do think this resolution, with the exception of that one amendment, strikes the right balance between giving Members the tools they need and the taxpayers confidence that the tax money is being spent wisely. And I think it was a good process, and I thank the chairwoman for yielding to me.    The Chairman. Thank you very much.    Are there any other members of the Committee that wish to offer an opening statement? Okay.    I will now call before the Committee our first agenda item, Committee Resolution 114. This is a Committee resolution amending the Committee's regulations and to instruct the CAO. Without objection, the first reading of this resolution is dispensed with, and the resolution is considered read and open for amendment at any point.    Ms. Lofgren. Madam Chair?    The Chairman. The gentlelady from California is recognized.    Ms. Lofgren. I have an amendment, amendment number two.    The Chairman. Without objection, the amendment will be considered as read.    Ms. Lofgren. Thank you, Madam Chair.    As you have outlined the resolution, I think there is much merit in what we have before us. I think we will have more transparency and more accountability. So that is a good thing.    The one thing that we did not come to agreement on is greater detail on the voucher documentation standards for mileage. Now, right now you really can't find out very much about where someone is going or on what day. And I am mindful that we have received a letter to you from the Sergeant at Arms expressing concern about details in the statement of disbursements about Members' travel itinerary, providing a clue to where a Member may be at a given time. And quoting from the letter, it says, ``While the statement of disbursements lists past travel, one could conceivably review the material to determine a pattern. Once a pattern is identified, an individual could more accurately pinpoint a routine or a frequently traveled route, thus enhancing a Member's vulnerability to unwanted encounters.''    I appreciate that the Sergeant at Arms' job is to keep us safe, but I did something last night just to see whether it was doable. I went on the Internet, and in about 10 minutes I could find the home address of members of this Committee. So we are fooling ourselves if we think that putting the taxpayers' money being used for a route is somehow keeping us safe when in about 10 minutes somebody can find out where we live. And as we all know, we have no security in our home. So I just think the Sergeant at Arms, while doing his job, is overreacting, to the detriment of sunshine.    I have three amendments, and the first amendment would specifically provide for point-to-point disclosure. I am not going to offer that in view of the Sergeant at Arms' letter. But amendment number two, which I am offering, would provide for the name of the travel, the dates of the traveler period during which the travel occurred, not to exceed a month, the locations of travel expressed in general terms. For example, your district office, which everyone knows is on the Internet, to a ZIP Code so that people would have an idea of where you are going--it would be a general idea, but at least there would be some sunshine on it--and the number of miles traveled in each journey and the mileage rate.    I think this would increase the transparency of this, and I think it is meritorious. I understand we just couldn't come to agreement in the course of our otherwise very collegial effort. But I do think this is meritorious. I think it deals with the issue--that I disagree with--raised by the Sergeant at Arms.    And so I offer the amendment and recommend that we do one further step on transparency in the matter I have suggested. And I would also ask unanimous consent to put amendment one and three, that I am not offering, into the record of the proceedings.    The Chairman. Without objection.    Ms. Lofgren. Would the gentleman yield?    Ms. Lofgren. I appreciate that. And I think none of us wants Members of Congress to be unsafe. I mean, and you are right, there are people who are unhinged. We certainly remember our colleague Gabby Giffords, who was shot in the head. Of course that was at a publicized meeting, which all of us go and do.    I just put it on the radar screen here. I fly home every week, just like everybody else. And you can go on United Airlines 2 days in advance and you can see my name. It is on the seat I am in, and anybody can see it. So if we think that we are anonymous in terms of our travel, we are not. And I think that it would be very helpful to have it posted for the public. I realize we have a disagreement here. But I just point out this information is in some cases already available.    Ms. Lofgren. I yield back.    Ms. Lofgren. Could I have a recorded vote, Madam Chair?    The Chairman. There is a recorded vote requested. And the clerk will call the roll.    The Clerk. Mr. Harper?    Ms. Lofgren. Yes.    The Clerk. Ms. Lofgren votes yes.    Mr. Vargas?    Ms. Lofgren. I would like to join in that thanks for both staffs.    The Chairman. I would join in that as well. I know that on our side and on the other side the staffs did put a tremendous amount of hours into this work product. So it has been a truly, as I say, bipartisan, team effort. Something I think we can all take a lot of pride in, most importantly, the people that we serve.    With that, this concludes today's markup. Without objection, this meeting is adjourned.