    Chairman BRADY. Good afternoon, everyone. First I would like to thank our witness, Dr. Mandy Cohen, of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services for coming today. We appreciate your time and look forward to hearing your testimony.    We are here to discuss the Consumer Operated and Oriented Plan Program known as CO-OP. Supporters of this program argued it would increase competition in individual and small group health insurance markets. That very premise should have been cause for alarm. Only in Washington would a group of bureaucrats think they know how best to micromanage competition instead of letting consumers and markets do what they do best.    Well, what could go wrong? Well, it turns out quite a lot. First, CMS essentially allowed anyone to participate in the program regardless if he or she had any prior experience running an insurance company.    And for financing, Democrats turned predictably to the American taxpayer to provide two types of loans: start-up loans and solvency loans, both with incredibly favorable loan terms.    As our newly-elected Speaker said last week, ``What matters are results.'' So let us look at the results of the CO-OP Program to date: $2.4 billion in taxpayer funds have gone out the door; 11 CO-OPs out of 23 have failed; and thousands of Americas--and this is where there is bipartisan concern--have found their health care security thrown out or in limbo.    I am interested to hear Dr. Cohen's position, but I suspect we are not getting this money back. What is most surprising, I think, is the Administration and everyone else knew this was coming. Their own credit estimates project massive losses for the program, and no matter the capital start-up funding or the backstops, a model that is wrong is not going to succeed as much as people want it to.    I am not interested in blame. I am interested in understanding how many of these programs are headed to failure, discussing where do we go from here, and figuring how we're going to bring some stability to those families that have been affected.    The hard-earned tax dollars collected from working Americans sitting at Treasury right now are not venture capital. You know, bureaucrats in Washington or wherever do not have the expertise to institute top-down programs in the name of competition.    We have got serious problems with provider participation in some areas. For example, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas just shut down a plan and narrowed the network in another, a major impact on our patients.    But artificially trying to inject competition into a market by backing what I think were shoddily designed start-ups is not a fix.    For true choice and competition, we need to empower patients. We need to eliminate the mandates that eliminate or reduce choice. We need to increase transparency so patients can be informed shoppers. On that we can all agree.    Today, we are going to learn more about this failed CO-OP Program. I look forward to a robust conversation, and I hope we can use the lessons from today to help us identify better ways to protect American tax dollars going forward and ensure greater choice, greater competition, greater quality and access for beneficiaries and their families.    Before I recognize the Ranking Member, Dr. McDermott, for an opening statement, I ask unanimous consent that all members' written statements be included in the record.    Without objection, so ordered.    Chairman BRADY. I now recognize our Ranking Member, Dr. McDermott, for the opening statement.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you, Dr. McDermott.    Just for the members' information, I know we started late today because of votes in the House. I know that Dr. Cohen does not have unlimited time.    We appreciate you being here today. So we are going to be a little tight on the timing and the questions today. Dr. Cohen, you are recognized for five minutes, and again, welcome.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you, Dr. Cohen.    I think given the number of failures where we have seen it and the predictions going forward, it is pretty clear to me the history of the CO-OPs is one of the, I think, poor decision making and failed execution.    I would like to start by asking about the action CMS is taking now with the remaining CO-OPs. We all know how insurance works. Insurers have to collect enough in premiums to cover what they expect to pay out in claims. That is why having well-funded reserves are so crucial. Insurance is a delicate balance between risk and capital.    So if an insurer takes on too much risk and does not have enough capital, well, then they will quickly become insolvent. So as part of the monitoring of the insurance market regulators, as you made the point, keep a sharp eye on insurers' ratio of risk-based capital.    It is my understanding the CMS required the CO-OPs to have higher risk-based capital reserve than most States generally require of the insurers they monitor, which seems to me to be a good thing; is that correct, Dr. Cohen?    Chairman BRADY. Sure.    Chairman BRADY. You know, I suspect CMS sets the rate of risk-based capital standard for CO-OPs at 500 percent because they knew new entrants were riskier than the other insurers they were competing with, and they institutionalized financial discipline among the start-ups. Again, this makes sense to me. Is that a fair characterization?    Chairman BRADY. Okay. Regulators use the risk-based capital measure as an early warning sign of trouble, as a sign an insurer is in need of monitoring. It is an important test to ensure plans are appropriately capitalized for the risk they have taken on. This helps ensure the right protections are in place for those who purchase the plans from the CO-OPs and for the tax dollars backing the CO-OP experiment.    And this is why my question really is concerned about the start-up conversion process. Media reports indicate CMS is allowing CO-OPs to move their start-up loans, and let me underscore these are loans, from the liability side of the ledger where they belong to the equity side of the ledger.    So, Dr. Cohen, three fairly clear questions, I think, can be answered with a yes or no. All things being equal, without any material changes to the financial situation, a CO-OP that undergoes a start-up conversion gets a boost of capital on their books; is that right? On their books.    Chairman BRADY. And all things being equal, again, without any change in their financial situation, the CO-OP who gets a start-up conversion could go from failing your risk-based capital requirement to passing it; is that correct, because it increases the equity?    Chairman BRADY. And all things being equal, again, apples to apples, the CO-OP that gets a start-up conversion could go from being in a position to undergo monitoring and enhanced oversight to one not be required to do so. Again, on paper the equity looks stronger.    Chairman BRADY. Well, see, I would respectfully disagree. I do not understand why CMS is allowing this. Why put a test in place if you are not going to follow it?    We just came through a financial crisis where reserves on the books really did not prove to be reserves, and so when you allow CO-OPs to make changes on paper to make then appear healthier than they really are not, you are undermining your own oversight measure.    And given the number of CO-OPs that have failed and what looks like very shaky CO-OPs going forward, can you explain the logic behind this? Because they are not financially healthier or more sound. They just took the loan they got and made it appear to be capital and equity.    Chairman BRADY. I will just say I think you need to reverse it. This does not make sense. It does not give a true picture of the CO-OPs. Those who do not have the adequate reserves ought to be getting extremely high oversight and monitoring because these are patients' lives on the line.    The destruction has already been large in States, and the Members on this dais who have had families, patients lose their care, and so going forward it seems to me we ought to always be erring on the side of accurate, honest bookkeeping for these CO-OPs.    And, again, thank you for being here today.    Chairman BRADY. Dr. McDermott, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you. Thank you.    Mr. Johnson is recognized for five minutes.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you.    Mr. Thompson, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you.    Mr. Roskam, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you.    Mr. Kind, you are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you.    Dr. Price, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you very much.    Let us ask questions; answer questions promptly. We are going to move through this on time, and, Mr. Smith, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Without objection.    Chairman BRADY . Thank you.    Mr. Pascrell, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Yes, sir.    Chairman BRADY. The gentleman's time has expired. Thank you.    Ms. Jenkins, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you, Ms. Jenkins.    Mr. Marchant, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you. The time has expired.    Mr. Davis, you are recognized.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you.    Mrs. Black, you are always good about joining the Health Subcommittee. You are recognized for five minutes.    Chairman BRADY. Thank you, Mrs. Black.    I would like to thank you, Dr. Cohen, for your testimony today. I appreciate your continued assistance. A number of questions were raised, and if you would follow up with them.    As well, as a reminder, any Member who wishes to submit questions for the record will have 14 days to do so. If any of them do, please respond in writing in a timely manner.    Again, thank you very much for being here today.    With that, the committee is adjourned.