    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much, and I will be brief. This bill is designed to protect future victims of asbestos, or victims who have not yet discovered their injury. There are limited resources in these trusts. It is designed to prevent double dipping. It is designed to prevent fraud as a result of filing suits in multiple cases.    There is a long history of abuses within the asbestos litigation system, a lot of which were brought to light in the district that I represent in Corpus Christie where Judge Jan Jack discovered massive abuses. We are just trying to get the facts out. We are not asking anybody who is a victim who gets a claim from a trust to give any more information than they would give in pleadings in a typical lawsuit. All we are trying to do here is set up a system of transparency where we know if you have been injured and been compensated, it keeps unscrupulous plaintiffs' attorneys, and, in some cases, unscrupulous alleged victims from double dipping.    This is just simple get the facts out there so the lawyers and the courts all know what is going on. It is a simple, short, 2-page bill, 3 pages if you count the header. And all it asks for is a disclosure of information that would normally be available in pleadings. It is a quick, easy step to solve a problem and preserve limited resources in these trusts for as yet undiscovered victims. I will yield back.    Mr. Farenthold. I apologize. I picked up a bit of a cough. I had to get a cough drop, or I would not have been able to get a sentence out. And I appreciate, and I have reviewed you all's testimony.    Mr. Inselbuch, yes, I talked a little bit earlier about a judge in the district I represent in Corpus Christie, actually retired now, Jan Jack, who exposed widespread fraud in asbestos litigation. And while her stand on shady medical litigation practices serve to get rid of some of the claims, she said that they were neither driven by health or justice. We still have strong indications that some of the same activities persist today in the asbestos trust system.    In your written testimony, you state there is not a scintilla of evidence of fraud in the asbestos bankruptcy system. Yet the judge in the Garlock case where you served as counsel to the Asbestos Claimant's Committee, they found a startling pattern of misrepresentation in 15 cases where the judge allowed full discovery and went on to state that those 15 cases were not isolated or unique, but rather stated, ``It appears certain that more extensive discovery would show more excessive abuses.'' Were there misrepresentations in the 15 cases highlighted in that decision?    Mr. Farenthold. Okay. Mr. Brickman, you have indicated in prior testimony that some of the profit-driven screening tactics that Judge Jack pointed out may or soon will be used to generate additional claims for asbestos trusts. Can you please tell me more about the situation and how the FACT Act would fix that?    Mr. Farenthold. And it is your belief that it is going on today, and the FACT Act will help fix it.    Mr. Farenthold. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle expressed some concern about the privacy of plaintiffs and their medical records. Let me read you exactly what this says. It says, ``A trust described in Paragraph 2 shall, subject to Section 107(a), file with the bankruptcy court not later than 60 days at the end of each quarter a report that shall be made available on the court's public document with respect to such quarter, that, one, describes each demand the trust received from, including the name and exposure history of a claimant and the basis for any payment for the trust made for such claimant, and, two, does not include any confidential medical records or the claimant's full Social Security number.''    So basically, all we are asking for is you were exposed by company X, Y, Z, and you got--I mean, we are just basically asking, so you do not go sue three different companies for the same deal. One of our goals here is to lower the cost of litigation and going through a costly discovery process to get to that, which is sometimes difficult to get to. We are trying to make it easier for plaintiffs and defendants here. Do you think this is an invasion of the medical privacy, or is this stuff that would normally come out during any sort of litigation?    Mr. Farenthold. Thank you very much. I see my time has expired.    Mr. Farenthold. While I am not going to object to those being admitted, I would like to question their relevance to a disclosure. But I have no problem with them going in.