    Mr. Beermann. Thank you, Chairman Marino and Ranking Member Johnson, and the distinguished Members of the Committee. It's an honor to appear before you to testify about Chevron. I've been teaching and writing in the administrative law field for about 30 years now, and in particular, I have written a couple of articles that are highly critical of the Chevron doctrine for included in your materials for today's hearing.    Now, I had--part of my opening remarks were going to be to repeat some of the criticisms you've heard of Chevron, but I apologize, Mr. Johnson, that I couldn't come up with a metaphor about chickens or foxes, but I think it would be beating a dead horse somewhat. So I'm going to refrain from using part of my time for that.    And I want to say that one of the things that we've seen over the last couple of terms of the Supreme Court is some sense there that more of the Justices are starting to feel uncomfortable with the Chevron doctrine, but I really think it's overreading them to say that the Chevron doctrine is about to be thrown out. That's been going on since the beginning of the Chevron doctrine. There's always been this disagreement. More than once, Justice Scalia, may he rest in peace, complained that some decision had just eviscerated Chevron, but yet, Chevron limped along, sometimes resulting in extreme deference to agencies and always creating confusion and uncertainty.    And I think that one of the effects we need to think about is the fact that it encourages agencies to be more adventurous in their statutory interpretations so that regardless of what the result is going to be at the Court, the agencies can feel they can go farther away from Congress' expressed intent when they are interpreting a statute.    Now, substance aside, in my opinion, Chevron has failed as a matter of legal craft. In the sense that, remember, it's a decision procedure, a framework for decision. It's not a substantive rule itself. And, yet, there's so much uncertainty about how it applies that it's really failed as a decision procedure.    There's a big issue about how it relates to the arbitrary capricious and abuse of discretion otherwise not in accordance with law standard that governs under the Administrative Procedure Act. Are Chevron decisions about policy or about statutory interpretation? There's one line of cases that says that Pierce questions of statutory interpretation are for the courts, which throws into doubt what Chevron is actually about. And I don't think anyone favors giving the sort of extreme deference outlines in Chevron step 2 to agency policy decisions. Rather, what we want is for a careful consideration of whether the agency examined the relevant factors, employed the correct legal standard, applied its expertise when making its decisions.    And many of the decisions reviewed under Chevron turned out to be really policy decisions, not statutory interpretation decisions. So what I want to do now is look forward to the idea of a possible statutory reform, and I spelled this out in my complete testimony before you, a proposal that I think will reorient agent--judicial review of agency action toward the will of Congress.    And the text, as I spelled it out, is as follows: Unless expressly required otherwise by statute, the reviewing court shall decide all questions of law de novo with due regard for the views of the agency administering the statute and any other agency involved in the decision-making process. And the words ``due regard,'' they are not--obviously, they are not certain. There is some historical precedent for the use of those words in such a statute, and it would make clear to the reviewing courts that they have the primary responsibility for ensuring that agencies follow Congress' instruction, while acknowledging that there's room for deference when deference is warranted.    So courts, under this standard, would apply the traditional Skidmore of consistency, deliberation, thoroughness, and persuasiveness, but they wouldn't be locked into these standards, because there may be other factors that may seem relevant in a particular circumstance, and the courts may feel free to do that. Of course, this would not come anywhere close to eliminating all uncertainty in judicial review. It wouldn't become mechanical by any means, but it would eliminate the epic battles we see today about whether and how Chevron applies, and it would head off the sort of extreme deference to agencies that, in my opinion, often thwarts serious examination of legislative intent.    Now, one important point about this. Justice Scalia, in his defense of Chevron, was very concerned about flexibility. He viewed one of the virtues of Chevron that it preserved agency flexibility to change its views as conditions warranted.    Now, in his opinion, once Skidmore deference would apply, this sort of deference, that the agency would be locked in to whatever the Court approved. And I don't think that's actually necessary. I don't think this is insurmountable. I think courts could--in my opinion, they could, consistent with the rule of law, allow for continued agency flexibility whenever an agency interpretation had been accepted under the new due-regards standards, as long as it's clear that the decision was made with substantial deference to the agency.    Now, a bigger question has been raised by some of my copanelists is whether this would actually make a difference. As I point out in the articles included with this testimony, at least at the Supreme Court, the cases seem to be more decided along the ideological dividing lines that we are all familiar with at the Court rather than on differing views of deference.    Now, that may be true, but I think it would be less so if the governing standard of review nudged the courts more toward careful consideration of legislative intent. Chevron is a distraction from what should be the two key issues in judicial review: congressional intent and sensible policy. And some sort of reform, whether my proposal or something else, ought to reorient the law in that direction.    Thank you.    Mr. Beermann. Well, you see, that's a great----    Mr. Beermann. Yes. And I think that raises a great point about the origins of Chevron, because Chevron was a decision in a period of deregulatory government action. And it was originally the proponents of Chevron were the people favoring less regulation, and the opponents of Chevron where people were saying bring more regulation. It was viewed that what was going to happen under Chevron was it was going to let the agencies get away with more deregulation, contrary to what Congress had said in the statutes. And I think that's an important point. To me, I am just completely neutral on what the substance of the Congress' output is. To me, the appropriate focus for judicial review should be on what Congress wanted the agency to do. And I think, too often, the Chevron doctrine allows for the courts to ignore what Congress wanted the agencies to do, regardless of whether it's regulatory or deregulatory.