    Dr. Hammerman. Good afternoon. Thank you, Chairman Pitts and Ranking Member Green for holding today's hearing on the future of American post-acute care. My name is Dr. Samuel Hammerman. I am the chief medical officer of Select Medical's long-term acute care hospital division. I oversee more than 100 LTACH hospitals in 30 States.    I will try to offer some insights today based on my experiences and based on the experiences of the company I am proud to serve as the chief medical officer for, Select Medical. Select Medical is based outside Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, and is one of the largest providers of post-acute care in the country. Besides the 100-plus LTACH hospitals, Select Medical also operates about 20 inpatient rehabilitation hospitals, and 1,000 outpatient therapy clinics. All together, Select Medical employs over 30,000 Americans in more than 30 States.    Let me begin by saying that Select Medical does not oppose a bundled post-acute payment system. With this in mind, my observations on our post-acute care systems are as follows. I want to stress that Congress has already enacted extensive legislation laying the foundation for bundled payments for post-acute services. Just last fall, Congress passed the IMPACT Act of 2014. This law will enable Congress to develop an informed and evidence-based post-acute bundling system. We were happy to support this bipartisan bicameral bill.    The IMPACT Act will provide the Centers For Medicare and Medicaid Services and Congress with the necessary information, design a post-acute care payment system that stresses quality of care while maximizing efficiencies in the delivery of care. I salute Congress for moving to a new system while ensuring continued beneficiary access to the most appropriate setting of care.    On a similar note, I would note that the Affordable Care Act of 2010 established a number of new programs. It has post-acute bundling in hundreds of sites across the country. CMS is currently in the midst of numerous pilot programs testing numerous bundle payment concepts. In short, Congress and CMS have already largely commissioned a bundled future for post-acute care.    As a physician, I feel compelled to note that the current post-acute system still has many virtues. I would still make the case that the post-acute continuum of care represents a fairly logical and rational progression of care. Yes, we need to address the issue of readmissions, and yes, policymakers should always be concerned about whether care is appropriate and medically necessary.    As a historical aside, I ask you to consider that only about 10 percent of Medicare spending is devoted to post-acute care, and please recall how the post-acute sector came into being in the first place. In 1983, the Medicare program adopted the first prospective payment system which greatly encouraged hospitals to discharge patients more quickly.    Post-acute, as we know it today, only came into existence because of the incentives todischarge quickly from general hospitals. My advice to Congress is that you try to preserve a range of post-acute providers that offer a range of services from lower acuting nursing homes to higher acuity post-acute hospitals like rehabilitation hospitals and LTACH hospitals. All play a distinct role in meeting the needs of the American patient population.    One public policy issue important to both taxpayers and post-acute providers is ensuring that patients are cared for in the most appropriate setting. We agree that patients who can be safely and effectively cared for in sometimes less costly facilities like nursing homes should not be treated and paid for in rehabilitation hospitals and LTACH hospitals.    Little more than a year ago, Select Medical supported a new law passed by Congress designed to ensure that only appropriate patients are admitted to LTACH hospitals even though the law also significantly reduced Medicare reimbursement for these facilities. My larger point is that post-acute providers will continue to work with Congress to ensure that Medicare cost savings are achieved and beneficiary access to appropriate care is preserved.    Finally, I was asked to comment specifically on Congressman McKinley's BACPAC bill. BACPAC has some positive attributes, but it does not address many core elements of a bundled payment system and leaves these to the HHS Secretary to develop. Given the BACPAC's gaps, details on payment rates, a payment process, provider network requirements, a patient assessment process, and quality standards, the BACPAC bill appears to leave a great deal of policy work to CMS. This results in unanswered questions about how BACPAC would actually work in the real world. More importantly, we have concerns about the BACPAC bill because we feel it would shortcut the comprehensive payment reform processes that Congress launched in 2010 under the ACA and built upon in 2014 with the IMPACT Act.    Rather than supporting the IMPACT plan to first test bundling in the marketplace on a small scale, BACPAC would cut short this process. And given the complexity of the issues, this process is needed to develop a reliable and evidenced-based bundled payment program for post-acute care. Thank you.    Dr. Hammerman. I am sorry, could you repeat that question?    Dr. Hammerman. So I believe that in a sense, being that the information is being provided via the IMPACT tool, i.e., functional assessments that will be looked at, in addition to the bundling projects that are under way, there will be data to be able to differentiate patients one from another, from the higher acuity patients that we currently manage in the long-term acute care hospital setting, as well as inpatient rehabilitation setting, as well as the lower acuity patients that goes to a skilled setting or cared for in a home environment.    Dr. Hammerman. Thank you. I think that, in general, the way that the long-term acute care hospital environment evaluates what is available from a bundling perspective, we need to strongly consider that the manifestation from the ICU patient population will continue to grow. The chronically, critically ill patient population will continue to grow, so any bundled strategy that takes effect will have to keep in mind that this patient population will be significant in both the near and long term.    Recommendations are certainly in the realm of looking at these functional assessment tools and making certain that we keep in mind with this catastrophically ill patient population that the first venue is extraordinarily important to move forward because, as we know from the critical literature and as a practicing pulmonary critical care physician, that the return to an ICU from a post-acute setting can increase the mortality five- to tenfold, not just 5 to 10 percent. So I think any bundling strategy that we would look at in the future has to keep that in mind from a very strong clinical perspective.    In our opinion, the clinician at the bedside working with the interdisciplinary team has ultimately the largest priority in terms of making certain that we put patients in the right venue at the right time for the right reason.    Dr. Hammerman. Certainly. I think I can speak in a very limited fashion in terms of from a long-term acute care hospital perspective, not overall in terms of a grander scheme of the BPCI projects. From that perspective, we have limited participation at this point from an LTACH perspective but more of a larger perspective from----    Dr. Hammerman. I am sorry. Long-term acute care hospital standpoint.    Dr. Hammerman. So we have some experience in that realm, and I am happy to get further data for you offline as well.    Dr. Hammerman. Certainly. I can do that. From speaking from the long-term acute care hospital perspective, that data will be and is valuable to the next steps in terms of a bundling strategy, but I am happy to ask one of our colleagues, perhaps Dr. Morley, to comment on the IMPACT Act, or Dr. Landers.