    Ms. Leonhart. Chairman Chaffetz, Ranking Member Cummings, distinguished members of this committee, thank you for the opportunity to discuss the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General's report on sexual harassment and misconduct allegations by the Department's law enforcement components.    DEA has a single mission: To enforce our Nation's drug laws. Our more than 9,000 employees, including over 4,600 special agents, are dedicated to this single mission, and each one of us took an oath, the same one I took over 30 years ago, to serve the citizens of the United States with honor, professionalism, and pride.    DEA personnel located in over 300 offices around the world, including 67 foreign countries, are doing extraordinary work under often difficult and dangerous circumstances. And this includes the investigation and arrest of leaders of the most violent and sophisticated drug cartels in the world. Unfortunately, poor choices made by a few individuals can tarnish the reputation and overshadow the outstanding work being done at the DEA.    I want to assure the members of this committee that, like you, I am disgusted, I am appalled, by the behavior described in the inspector general's report. And to see the integrity of my agency and of Federal law enforcement, which I have been a part of for nearly my entire professional life, damaged by these allegations has not been easy. This conduct is a violation of the high professional standards of conduct that the men and women of the DEA are held to and undermines our effectiveness in fulfilling our mission. And, as noted in the report, this behavior is contrary to the behavior of the overwhelming majority of those at DEA.    Although the OIG audit generally found that there were relatively few reported allegations of sexual harassment and sexual misconduct, the serious allegations OIG highlight are certainly troubling and describe behaviors that cannot be ignored.    In particular, the allegations that agents assigned in Bogota engaged in prostitution and accepted gifts from drug traffickers was pursued by our Office of Professional Responsibility. However, the resulting investigation left some questions unanswered. Even though the events in question occurred between 2001 and 2004 and were not reported and investigated until 2010, it is nevertheless important that we hold our employees to the highest standards. And, in this instance, I assure you that I was quite disappointed in the penalties imposed.    However, consistent with the protections afforded to employees under civil service laws, I do not have ability to change the imposed penalties. I can and do, however, ensure that disciplinary actions are appropriately noted in an employee's personnel file, which is taken into consideration when that employee is considered for future positions within the DEA. This behavior should not be rewarded.    As outlined in my written Statement, DEA concurred with and has begun implementing changes responsive to each of the OIG recommendations. However, it is also essential that we make clear to all employees that this behavior is not acceptable. It is my hope that the additional training and guidance that we have provided to all personnel, particularly those stationed overseas, will prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future.    DEA has taken specific concrete steps to accomplish this, including ensuring that it is clearly understood by all DEA employees that this kind of behavior is unacceptable; outlining the steps employees and supervisors must take when incidents occur; increasing training for all employees, especially those employees assigned overseas; further clarifying the guidelines for disciplinary offenses; and improving internal procedures so that appropriate individuals in field management and the Office of Security Programs and in the Office of Professional Responsibility are made promptly aware of allegations and can take appropriate action in a timely manner.    In closing, I want to reiterate that the kind of activity reported by the OIG has not and will not be tolerated. OIG plays an important role in reviewing our policies and procedures, and I am committed to working with the OIG to ensure they have access to the documents they need to do their work.    We have taken steps to address this kind of behavior, and moving forward, DEA will respond to this kind of misconduct head on and with the decisive resolve you and the public expect. We are open to further recommendations so that we can continuously improve our policies, policies that demand the highest levels of personal and professional integrity from our employees.    And thank you again for the opportunity to address you today.    Ms. Leonhart. I don't question the accuracy.    Ms. Leonhart. Well, first of all, it's deplorable behavior by those agents.    Ms. Leonhart. It's absolutely a violation of policy.    Ms. Leonhart. Of course, it poses security risks, and that is why it's--these are very serious allegations.    Ms. Leonhart. The investigation, although it's 10 years later, the investigation----    Ms. Leonhart. Everything you've said about the behavior I completely agree with.    As far as the disciplinary penalties that were handed out in that case, I'm very disappointed in that and the----    Ms. Leonhart. The system that's set up following civil service laws, I don't--I don't fire. I can't----    Ms. Leonhart. I can't revoke their security clearance. I can ensure that there's a mechanism----    Ms. Leonhart . Like I did after the Cartagena incident, make sure that there is a mechanism in place for those security--for a security review which resulted in those three agents having their security clearances revoked, and they were fired.    Ms. Leonhart. Well, you could look at an exemption like the FBI has because the current disciplinary process, myself and other directors of Federal law enforcement agencies are not allowed to invoke ourselves in the disciplinary process. If we were exempted or if there was other legislation passed that would allow that, that would allow our directors of Federal law enforcement to take that action. The same thing that--with a result like Cartagena, where they have done these deplorable activities, that it is investigated, and that a decision is made by the agency without appeal rights to the MSPB.    Ms. Leonhart. The--moving forward, because there's a number of things that I put in place after Cartagena, and you should know that the other incidents I learned about after Cartagena, but they had already been through the system, what we put in place in Cartagena moving forward, is the model for how we will handle----    Ms. Leonhart. I'm talking about the----    Ms. Leonhart. And know that those cases, when they were first reported, are reported immediately over to the OIG. They handed those cases back to us to handle as management--as a management review. We felt that the behavior was so outrageous they needed to be investigated. What we've put in place----    Ms. Leonhart. I know it has the potential to do that, and that is why several directives, reminders----    Ms. Leonhart. In the offices where the employees attempted to report misconduct and there was nothing that happened, it was not reported up and investigated, I can imagine that those employees felt they lost faith in the agency.    In a number of other cases, however, where they are reported up. They are investigated. The supervisors take immediate action, help the employee who has come forward with a complaint. I see over my 35 years in DEA a huge change, more willingness to report, more willingness for supervisors to help that employee who came forward with it, and my job is to work on the disciplinary end to make sure that, as these are reported, as they're thoroughly investigated, that the proper discipline is handed out.    Ms. Leonhart. I am not in the process for investigating, proposing, or handing out discipline. What I can do is what I did a year ago. I sent out a directive to every DEA employee and said, Here are the conduct issues I am concerned about. They must be reported. They're not acceptable. This is not acceptable behavior in about five or six different areas, and I sent a strong message to the board of conduct and to the deciding officials that in these types of instances, there should be severe discipline handed out.    Ms. Leonhart. I would consider what happened with the Cartagena agents to be severe discipline.    Ms. Leonhart. I'm not happy with that. I am not in the disciplinary process. I am very disappointed----    Ms. Leonhart. I'm responsible for the whole agency. So I am responsible to set up a mechanism to send messages to our employees to hold people accountable if they're not going to--if they're going to conduct this misbehavior, that they face significant discipline. And that is what I have done over the last couple of years to send that message to make sure our employees, No. 1, report--report their allegations; and No. 2, hold managers accountable for not reporting; and No. 3, make sure that we set up a process, have good OPR inspectors. I was one at one time. Do the investigation so that our disciplinary process, our board of conduct that proposes, and our deciding officials have all the information they need to be able to impose severe discipline.    Ms. Leonhart. The IG gave the investigation back to DEA. As----    Ms. Leonhart. No. They gave us back the investigation and said that they would not take it. It looked like a management issue. We investigated as misconduct, and as we investigated it and we learned more and more by interviewing a number of witnesses in the old Bogota case, the information that was put together, the interviews, all of that was entered into the discipline system. And I am very disappointed that our discipline system did not do what it needed to do. And we have to fix it, and I've put mechanisms in place moving forward to make sure that that does not happen again because I don't believe that that discipline that was doled out in those cases that Chairman Chaffetz mentioned is even close to what it should be.    Ms. Leonhart. I believe that they were investigated. I have concerns about the completeness, thoroughness, of a couple of the investigations.    Ms. Leonhart. I agree that some of the incidents were not thoroughly investigated and fully investigated, yes.    Ms. Leonhart. That's correct.    Ms. Leonhart. 2012.    Ms. Leonhart. If I can explain, Congressman. The first--the first I heard of any of these sex parties or the behavior that's described in the reports was actually Cartagena. When Cartagena happened, I became concerned, is this systemic? Has this happened before? And we went back and we took a look at where this activity had occurred, if anybody had been disciplined for it, and we found one Bogota case.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. That's the first case that came----    Ms. Leonhart. The system in place, it is a three-tiered system. There's the inspectors who investigate----    Ms. Leonhart. Well, we did provide the inspector general with the information so that he could do his review.    As far as protecting them, I take great offense to that because I feel exactly----    Ms. Leonhart. I'm offended by their conduct. I'm offended by----    Ms. Leonhart . The behavior. I am trying to fix the system. I can't fire. I'm trying to fix a system.    Ms. Leonhart. Absolutely not. And it's against DEA policy.    Ms. Leonhart. It's illegal.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. We don't have the search capabilities that his systems have.    Ms. Leonhart. We would be glad to run that search. We had problems in doing a search that many names. We found a different way to do it by running offense codes. But I--Mr. Horowitz and I have a very good working relationship. And if there's something that he wants, he has not hesitated to pick up the phone and talk to me about it. And we'll work it out.    Ms. Leonhart. As a DEA agent and a female DEA agent for the past 35 years, I'm appalled of it over this as well. And like the Attorney General had to send a memo reminding people last Friday, I had to send one last year to remind everyone and put everybody on notice.    Ms. Leonhart. The regional director was first counseled by the chief inspector. He was then counseled by the deputy administrator, and then I counseled him as well.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. He was----    Ms. Leonhart. The regional director----    Ms. Leonhart. The regional director--the regional director was not aware of any allegation until it was brought to light a year, a year after an incident.    Ms. Leonhart. So when I counseled him----    Ms. Leonhart. So when I--when I talked to him and went----    Ms. Leonhart. I was concerned that he had warnings that this person was involved with prostitutes. And I talked to him because, if that was the case, I would have been looking at significant discipline. It was not the case with him. I even went and looked at the letters that were sent. The letters were sent to----    Ms. Leonhart. Right.    Ms. Leonhart. He said, when he was aware of it, he was notified by the Embassy, the RSO, of what had happened. He was told about the incident. He called the agent in. That was the first he knew that this agent was involved with prostitutes. He called the agent in, told the agent, You're out of here, you're going home. He sent him TDY back to the States until he could finalize the tour.    Ms. Leonhart. I'm sorry?    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. The agent received 14 days off.    Ms. Leonhart. The regional director took action when he heard about it, and he took action immediately after to put in place some mechanisms to make sure that those types of behaviors were reported promptly.    Ms. Leonhart. Are you talking about the Bogota incidents?    Ms. Leonhart. That they were aware of it? Probably----    Ms. Leonhart. Probably a group supervisor.    Ms. Leonhart. I could discipline the regional director. He's an SES.    Ms. Leonhart. I couldn't--I couldn't fire him. You have to show misconduct for him to be fired. But with what the law allows me to do with an SES, he was counseled.    Ms. Leonhart. He failed to report it when he learned about it.    Ms. Leonhart. The discipline available to me--appropriate discipline--was to reprimand him----    Ms. Leonhart. In SES, the discipline, there has to be misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. And the discipline has to be 15 days or more. Reporting it to an embassy and working it out locally with the embassy rather than reporting it to OPR would not raise to that level--it's the only time that's happened with him--would not raise to the level to be misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. So I counseled him.    Ms. Leonhart. That's correct.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. Like the three Cartagena agents. If you lose your security clearance, then, you--you cannot be a special agent. You would be demoted.    Ms. Leonhart. I believe he made a mistake by not reporting it in. He took action, but it wasn't the right action. And he has--that has not happened with him in the past, and he's done a number of things in Colombia since that incident to ensure that this does not happen again.    Ms. Leonhart. I believe there may have been a culture problem.    Ms. Leonhart. May have been a culture problem.    Ms. Leonhart. Years back.    Ms. Leonhart. I----    Ms. Leonhart. When you----    Ms. Leonhart. When you see that these parties and what was happening in 2000 to 2004 were by one group of agents within Bogota, Colombia, I would say that's a culture problem.    Ms. Leonhart. Under the civil service laws, I can't intervene in the disciplinary process and that's why DEA's process is similar to some of the other agencies, is a three-tiered process. The Administrator, the Deputy Administrator, management is not--cannot intervene in the disciplinary process, so that's a prohibited personnel practice.    Ms. Leonhart. Our deciding----    Ms. Leonhart. Our deciding officials.    Ms. Leonhart. We have two deciding officials. They are senior DEA 1811s with prior OPR experience. They make all of the disciplinary decisions for the agency.    Ms. Leonhart. They're junior to me.    Ms. Leonhart. My position as Administrator, under the Civil Service Act, we have to follow certain civil service protections. And so our system is set up that the discipline is decided by these two senior people within DEA, deciding officials, who have----    Ms. Leonhart. The activity that's been explained today, I believe, not knowing all the facts, not knowing----    Ms. Leonhart. Not knowing the same facts that the deciding officials look at, which are called the Douglas factors. So not--not knowing that piece, only knowing what the behavior was and what the investigations show, I took action last year to put the agency on notice that activity like that--and I named it, prostitution, and named four or five other things--required significant discipline. And that put our deciding officials and our board of conduct on notice.    Ms. Leonhart. I can see someone, not knowing the civil service system and not understanding our system, would think that.    Ms. Leonhart. I can't intervene in the process the way the law is set up.    Ms. Leonhart. What I can do is put the agency on notice, like I did last year, that this will not be tolerated and that I, in writing, told the deciding officials and the board of conduct that these kinds of behaviors required significant discipline.    Ms. Leonhart. Not quite. If the deciding officials dole out discipline and it's more than 14 days suspension, the employee can appeal it. And when the employee appeals it, it goes to the Merit System Protection Board.    Ms. Leonhart. No one takes over the investigation because the investigation has already been done. This is at the very end of the disciplinary process. So the DEA deciding official can say 30 days.    Ms. Leonhart. The deciding officials is internal. The MSPB is external.    Ms. Leonhart. The majority are still on the job, yes.    Ms. Leonhart. Their supervisors, their special agents in charge or their--their high-level bosses are aware of the conduct. And with the exception of one, we have not seen any misconduct since.    Ms. Leonhart. The reason that the supervisors are made aware of what the conduct is so that they can put them in positions where they can have good supervision.    Ms. Leonhart. Well, I knew early on that there was disagreement or misunderstanding in a couple of areas. What the scope of the audit was, that delayed it. What type of records they were looking for, that delayed it. I wish I would have known about all of those delays and I could have done something more about it. But at the end of the day, the reports did get to Mr. Horowitz. And with audits since, he and I, we kind of have an agreement that if someone is going to deny something to the IG, that it has to be raised up to my level right away so that he and I can discuss it.    Ms. Leonhart. I think being a DEA agent and being within the agency, I can intervene in ways----    Ms. Leonhart. On this audit, I think there was misunderstandings, misunderstandings of what the scope was as well as misunderstanding on this Bogota case--or on this Bogota case----    Ms. Leonhart . Was not a closed case.    Ms. Leonhart. I can't recommend a punishment. I would just hope that would be thoroughly investigated and----    Ms. Leonhart. I believe----    Ms. Leonhart. I have expressed my opinion in a number of ways.    Ms. Leonhart. Last year--last year I sent an email and I sent a memo to every employee in DEA and put them on notice that this kind of conduct was not----    Ms. Leonhart. Under the civil service law, I cannot recommend a penalty. I can't intervene in the disciplinary process. I can't even make a recommendation to the deciding official.    Ms. Leonhart. I don't know that.    Ms. Leonhart. I don't recommend the sanction. I can't fire. I can't recommend a penalty. There's a guide that the deciding officials abide by, and they have a penalty guide that they look at, and the penalty guide for this kind of activity is anything from reprimand to removal.    Ms. Leonhart. No. There's adjudicative guidelines and that has to be adjudicated----    Ms. Leonhart . By the security people.    Ms. Leonhart. What I can do is build on and improve mechanisms to make sure that the outcome is what we believe the outcome should be. And that is what happened in Cartagena. That is what's going to happen moving forward.    Ms. Leonhart. Because the Bogota case happened a decade ago, there were no interviews of prostitutes. On the more recent one, the Cartagena one, it did not identify an age for the prostitute involved.    Ms. Leonhart. If someone murdered someone, there would be criminal charges, and that's how they'd be fired.    Ms. Leonhart. The Office of Security Programs can review security clearances and take their clearances, just as they did with the three agents in the Cartagena incident.    Ms. Leonhart. There's no evidence that actual--that any was compromised. But the concern is that participating in this kind of behavior, bringing four nationals, bringing prostitutes to your GLQ, bringing them around other agents, all of those are security risks.    Ms. Leonhart. Reading the report, one of the concerns was that the agents got very close to these two corrupt Colombian national police and that the Colombian national police were providing prostitutes and gifts to get in the good graces of the agent. And that's about the furthest that it goes.    Ms. Leonhart. The OPR investigation, because it was 10 years after the fact, did not identify any instances. And, in fact, the agents were all out of country by the time it was investigated. But that is a major concern.    Ms. Leonhart. Absolutely. That's a major concern.    Ms. Leonhart. We would entertain any look at that, any exemption that could be given so that an administrator or director can take action and make sure that only the people with outstanding reputations and ethics are employed by the agency.    Ms. Leonhart. I can't do anything with the decision, but I can do what I did last year. And that is put on notice for the entire work force, not any one particular case, put on notice for the entire work force that this behavior is unacceptable and that I ordered the deciding officials and the board of conduct to consider significant discipline to include up to removal for behavior in these areas moving forward.    Ms. Leonhart. We have changed leadership. We have a different set of leaders within DEA now than we did a decade ago. And I believe that, moving forward with our--a better system to deal with discipline and moving forward with--instead of looking at what the discipline was in the past that was doled out to individuals who took part in this kind of behavior, the deciding officials and the board of conduct has the clear ability now to--it's a reset and they can--they can look at the activity, and they can say this is--the Administrator said this is--deserves significant discipline, and they can take that kind of action.    Ms. Leonhart. That's correct.    Ms. Leonhart. That's correct.    Ms. Leonhart. Cartagena, the three agents. And we've had other agents throughout DEA's history that have been fired.    Ms. Leonhart. Cartagena.    Ms. Leonhart. I believe so.    Ms. Leonhart. Absolutely.    Ms. Leonhart. The first incident that I had any dealings with in this manner or about this behavior was Cartagena, and I made sure that the disciplinary system, that there was coordination between the people that do the investigations and the people that do the security clearances because I, like you, feel it is outrageous behavior. But there are security concerns. They have put themselves in danger. They have put other agents in danger. They have not protected----    Ms. Leonhart. Well, I will say that the security clearances, if all the people involved in the Bogota incident, the person--the one person involved in 2009, those security clearances are currently under review by the Department of Justice.    Ms. Leonhart. I have read the reports, and there's nothing to indicate a name or an age.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes, I am.    Ms. Leonhart. Well, working within our system, in the same way the Attorney General put the entire Department of Justice on notice, I a year ago--last year--put the entire DEA work force on notice that this type of behavior was not to be tolerated and that there would be significant discipline.    Ms. Leonhart. Without a doubt.    Ms. Leonhart. What I believe that refers to is money is given to the Colombian national police to pay for their operations that they're doing in collaboration with us.    Ms. Leonhart. The regional director would be responsible for that.    Ms. Leonhart. The Bogota incident you're talking about was----    Ms. Leonhart . Was three regional directors ago. And the way that DEA operates with the Colombian national police in these special units has completely changed since----    Ms. Leonhart. --2000, 2003----    Ms. Leonhart. No. The funds by the DEA Bogota office that go to the Colombian national police for operations now are audited. They require receipts. The 2000 to 2003 timeframe was at the beginning stages of these units.    Ms. Leonhart. I'm aware that the corrupt national police officers who ended up being indicted by DEA and convicted, that what they were talking about is padding their operational requests that went to----    Ms. Leonhart . DEA to get additional money.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. On behalf of the Colombian national police.    Ms. Leonhart. One part of the investigation was to go through and audit and do just that.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. To look at the books from that period of time.    Ms. Leonhart. That's what's so appalling about this, that although the agents didn't know, the corrupt police were getting money from the traffickers. They were on their payroll and using that money for the prostitutes.    Ms. Leonhart. No. My office didn't and when the report--I saw the draft asking the Office of Professional Responsibility and Inspections about that, they said that there was a miscommunication. They were--they were under the belief that closed cases were not a part of what Mr. Horowitz' audit would cover.    Ms. Leonhart. Absolutely not.    Ms. Leonhart. No. No one in----    Ms. Leonhart. Because we weren't involved in that--in that part of the process.    Ms. Leonhart. The inspectors that were interviewed received instructions from OPR and the Office of Inspections. There's--I have no information about what information was relayed to them other than it was relayed----    Ms. Leonhart. If they are not doing their job, they can be replaced, and that is done by the----    Ms. Leonhart. I'm disappointed in the discipline. I think that it's not enough.    Ms. Leonhart. Again, I can't interfere with the disciplinary process, but I can make sure through our career board that replacements or people that are coming up to take those positions are--are of utmost----    Ms. Leonhart. I don't have the authority to intervene in the disciplinary process.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. The entire work force listened to me, and, in fact, like me----    Ms. Leonhart. No. What I believe the inspector was talking about was, in Colombia, there's certain tolerance zones for prostitution. It doesn't matter with the DEA; the partaking in that kind of behavior is against all DEA policies. It's not--doesn't matter if it's legal in a particular country. It doesn't matter if it's legal in a particular area of a city. It doesn't matter. They're not to take part in that type of behavior.    Ms. Leonhart. That's correct.    Ms. Leonhart. It's--it's--you find it in our personnel manual. You find it----    Ms. Leonhart. Basically. It's very clear.    Ms. Leonhart. The new existing policy, but it existed in our personnel manual in a couple of different sections. One about you cannot have a relationship with someone involved in illegal activity. You can't do anything that----    Ms. Leonhart. What we found with the Cartagena case was our policies didn't specifically say you cannot partake in prostitution, but we had different sections in our personnel manual, different sections in our standards of conduct that every agent in the agency signs once a year and acknowledges, things such as DEA personnel are prohibited from engaging in any criminal, infamous, dishonest, or notoriously disgraceful conduct, or other conduct prejudicial to DEA, to DOJ, or the Government of the United States.    Ms. Leonhart. No DEA agent thought that prostitution was     Ms. Leonhart. I would say every DEA agent knows, to include going back to 2000 to 2004, in that period of time, knows that that--partaking in that kind of activity is against DEA policy.    When Cartagena happened and we reviewed all our policies just to make sure, we decided to strengthen them and to put wording in about prostitution specifically just so that--just to put everybody on notice and make sure it was clear. Our policies were not as clear. They did not specifically say ``prostitution,'' but there are three or four different places in our standards of conduct where you could point to that and say that's a violation of standards of conduct.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes, we do. It's called the Foreign Orientation Program, and in May 2012, we started--we were handing out State Department cable prohibiting prostitution even if it's legal in a country. We also added extra slides to a presentation that our OPR gives to all the employees and their spouses before they head overseas, and that includes information about prostitution, information about security clearances. So there--they are informed before they go overseas.    Ms. Leonhart. 35.    Ms. Leonhart. Since 2010.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. These are, you know, a few compared to the 4,600 agents that work for DEA. I'm very proud of our agency, and this hits us hard.    Ms. Leonhart. This is--this is new to me in this position, but in law enforcement, obviously every--every company, every organization has some people that are not going to follow the rules, and to see what happened back in 2000 to 2003 in Colombia, to see what happened in 2009 with the incident with the agent in Bogota, and then to see Cartagena, this is our opportunity to make sure that that culture, if there was one that existed, that there's--there's no doubt that employees know that this is unacceptable and see what will happen to them. That is why firing the three employees, agents, after Cartagena sets the tone for what happens from here on.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. It went out----    Ms. Leonhart. No. Actually, we--we had discussion, the executive staff, on what--what things we should put in place, and we started putting things in place in 2012 after the discovery of what happened in Cartagena.    Ms. Leonhart. No. Actually, we drafted that back after a working group got together to decide what steps should we immediately put in place. We drafted that and on the heels of the Cartagena case being able to show here's what happens if you partake in this behavior. We had the case--disciplinary case finalized. We went out with a series of things. That memo--we had already put additional training--every basic agent training, every intel analyst training----    Ms. Leonhart. I know that----    Ms. Leonhart. I know that a number of them were promoted between the activity in 2000 and when it came to light in 2010. I can tell you that since the allegations were raised and investigated, there have been no promotions.    Ms. Leonhart. Of the--I know that there were bonuses given to the regional director. I don't know about bonuses given to the--I don't know about----    Ms. Leonhart. The regional----    Ms. Leonhart. No. The regional director was not----    Ms. Leonhart. No. The regional director that got bonuses was not directly involved in this.    I don't know as to the other employees.    Ms. Leonhart. It's very possible.    Ms. Leonhart. I will work with the department who is going to be giving you additional information here shortly to see about adding that in.    Ms. Leonhart. So I'll discuss it with the department at----    Ms. Leonhart. If I'm able to give it to you, you'll get it.    Ms. Leonhart. If it was up to me to give it to you----    Ms. Leonhart . I'd give it to you.    Ms. Leonhart. The documents that are going to your committee were----    Ms. Leonhart. If the inspector general wants that, we'll give him it.    Ms. Leonhart. He was not involved in the activity.    Ms. Leonhart. He didn't report it to the right place.    Ms. Leonhart. He failed to report to OPR.    Ms. Leonhart. We'll work to get you that information.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. We'll get you that information.    Ms. Leonhart. If you looked at giving us the same exemption as the FBI, I think that we then would be able to make sure that the penalties were appropriate.    Ms. Leonhart. I think this is outrageous behavior, and that knowing the facts of the cases as I do, without having to be concerned with the appeal rights and being able to sustain it in a Merit System Protection Board, I believe that some of these--some of the behavior would raise to the level of removal.    Ms. Leonhart. Just like Cartagena, yes.    Ms. Leonhart. Well, partaking--it's--it's wrong on a number of levels. Start with prostitution itself. You know, it's--human trafficking is like the second highest illegal market besides drug trafficking. Look at all the efforts the government has been putting into--especially in recent years--to go after the human trafficking threat. That's No. 1.    No. 2, it is so far away from the type of conduct and ethical behavior that is required of someone to carry a badge as a Federal agent, that those are the reasons, and the security clearance issues. The security--putting--putting people and our information at risk are all reasons that I--this is appalling.    Ms. Leonhart. Actually, the Colombian authorities, by the time this was discovered on the corruption of the two police officers, the Colombian national police did a great job in helping us convict them. And also they removed a number of Colombian national police officers who were involved in this same activity.    Ms. Leonhart. If I hear you right, you're asking about prohibition on turning over a device?    Ms. Leonhart. Well, No. 1, securing your weapon, that's--that's required.    Ms. Leonhart. It could fall under--depending on the circumstances----    Ms. Leonhart. It could fall under poor judgment. There's a number of areas--there's policies on securing----    Ms. Leonhart. Part of the report is that while some of the agents were involved in that activity----    Ms. Leonhart. Yes.    Ms. Leonhart. Someone doing a security adjudication could look at that and find that those are reasons why a security clearance should be suspended and revoked.    Ms. Leonhart. For the Bogota case, their clearances were never looked at.    Ms. Leonhart. The Deputy Attorney General.    Ms. Leonhart. I briefed the Deputy Attorney General on these cases recently.    Ms. Leonhart. Yes. The security clearances are currently being reviewed by----    Ms. Leonhart. I've had multiple conversations with the DAG's Office on document--turning over documents to the OIG. And they've given us good guidance on that.    Ms. Leonhart. No. Actually, we didn't know--we were worried about the victim--victims' names and how to handle that.    Ms. Leonhart. I certainly do.    Ms. Leonhart. I was confirmed in March 2004.    Ms. Leonhart. There's one.    Ms. Leonhart. 2007.    Ms. Leonhart. Ten.    Ms. Leonhart. Either as the Deputy Or the Acting Administrator Or Administrator, yes, since 2004.    Ms. Leonhart. That's correct.    Ms. Leonhart. I do understand that. I was--I was just making the point that he wasn't involved in the behavior. He failed to report and--and that's what his shortcomings were.    Ms. Leonhart. No. I believe that prostitution is sexual misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. Sexual harassment is a workplace behavior. It's what you--sexual harassment is something that affects the employees in the workplace or an employee.    Sexual misconduct is outside of the work--outside of the workplace, like prostitution. There's a difference. Does it affect the employee getting a raise? Does it affect an employee getting a transfer, getting a particular job? Is it a hostile work environment? Those are sexual harassment.    Sexual misconduct is a different--you could have sexual misconduct that's also sexual harassment, but there is a difference. Prostitution would be sexual misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. Unwelcome remarks. Touching an employee. A supervisor touching an employee. A supervisor making threats about you're not going to get that promotion unless you do A, B, C, and D. Those kinds of activities.    Ms. Leonhart. That's sexual harassment.    Ms. Leonhart. No. That's sexual misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. It would be sexual misconduct. It didn't happen----    Ms. Leonhart. It's not the workplace.    Ms. Leonhart. It's not--it's not behavior against an--a fellow--another employee.    What if they were here in the Washington, DC.--or you were in charge of Los Angeles field office. Is it sexual harassment if they go up to somebody in Los Angeles and start saying, you know, some ridiculous comments and trying to solicit somebody? That's just harassment? Or isn't? It's not in your world.    Ms. Leonhart. As it's--as it's defined for government, as it's defined by the EEO in EEO terms, it's all workplace related.    Ms. Leonhart. That's sexual misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. For which person in Bogota?    Ms. Leonhart. It's sexual misconduct.    Ms. Leonhart. I believe those are two proper charges. The deciding official had a number of other charges that they could have looked at as well.    Ms. Leonhart. I think it would be conduct unbecoming. It is improper an association. I would have concerns about false Statements. I have a number of concerns with those cases.    Ms. Leonhart. I do believe it felt short.    Ms. Leonhart. As I said, it's not so much the charge; it's the penalty. The other charges that could have been not----    Ms. Leonhart. The penalty for improper association and conduct unbecoming can be removal.    Ms. Leonhart. Again, not knowing all the facts that the----    Ms. Leonhart. If I can----    Ms. Leonhart. Not knowing all the circumstances that the deciding officials, who are the only ones that can decide punishment in DEA, not knowing everything they took into consideration, they--they could have--by charging conduct unbecoming and improper association, the penalties are up to removal.    Ms. Leonhart. A sliver of DEA--a sliver of DEA is a part of the intelligence community.    Ms. Leonhart. That sliver of the agency is, yes.    Ms. Leonhart. Under 60 positions in DEA within the Intelligence Division.    Ms. Leonhart. Depends on the position. There are in some countries some intelligence analysts that would be under that. The special agents would not.    Ms. Leonhart. The same office that determines that a new employee gets a security clearance, that same office makes a determination----    Ms. Leonhart. Office of Security Programs. They do all adjudicating of security clearances for new employees, for contract employees, for anybody that's going to be in the work force within DEA. The same office also handles review--periodic reinvestigations and handles reviews of people who already have security clearances. So, for instance, in the Cartagena case, OPR referred--referred the case over to Security Programs when they had completed their investigation. And Security Programs did a complete review of their security clearances, adjudicated it, made a decision that there was enough to move to suspend the clearance. And then the agency moved for, because the person no longer has a security clearance, removal from service because they can't be a DEA employee without having a security clearance.    Ms. Leonhart. There's a number of things they look at. The main thing is securing--securing information, national security interest information.    Does this person with their----    Ms. Leonhart. Not allowed if it's unreported, and there's rules for reporting.    Ms. Leonhart. There's a document that every employee is to fill out, an SF86 that----    Ms. Leonhart. No. They're trained on adjudication. They review--if there's anything that is a red flag for them like past----    Ms. Leonhart. Sexual misconduct, if a person was disciplined, received any discipline, they on their--on their form, check it. Office of Security Programs does a review of that. The gentleman----    Ms. Leonhart. I don't know about prostitution. I know that they have revoked security clearances. So other than the three----    Ms. Leonhart . From Cartagena, I'm not sure.    Ms. Leonhart. That's one of the changes we've put in place.    Ms. Leonhart. November. November of last year. We--we've never had--in the history of DEA, we've never had a formal mechanism for those security clearances to be reviewed upon an OPR investigation.    Ms. Leonhart. We never had a formal policy. It would be up to the Office of Professional Responsibility to flag an internal investigation that had security issues and then to refer that over to security programs. So we've set up a mechanism for that to happen automatically.    Ms. Leonhart. The recommendation that security programs--that Office of Professional Responsibility flag security violations and give them to security programs was happening long before that.    What we did is, in Cartagena, made sure that the security clearances reviewed--were reviewed and then, more recently, in November, set up a mechanism so that security programs and OPR have a mechanism to pass on a regular basis security clearances over.    Ms. Leonhart. That's how employees for the last 40 years have been charged at DEA. So that----    Ms. Leonhart. Part of--part of charging by the Board of Conduct and by the deciding officials is to look at agency precedent and government precedent and so the----