    Mr. Ratcliffe. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. Graber, how long have you been at the Justice Department?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. I was there for a number of years as well along with the Chairman. I had the great opportunity to serve as a line level prosecutor and later as a U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Texas. Chairman Goodlatte mentioned earlier the United States Attorney Manual that I was obligated to follow, and the obligations created under that manual to avoid any actual or perceived conflicts of interest in settlements.    And, in fact, is it not true that everyone at the Department of Justice--you, when I was there, the Attorney General--we all take an oath to remain decidedly apolitical in the enforcement and administration of the Department mission?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. Now, La Raza, which was mentioned earlier by the gentleman from Michigan, which describes itself as one of the largest advocacy groups in this country, that is a decidedly political group. Would you agree with me?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, how does the direction of settlement funds or making settlement funds available to decidedly political groups like La Raza mesh with the Department of Justice's mission?    Mr. Ratcliffe. But it makes them available.    Mr. Ratcliffe. But it makes them available.    Mr. Ratcliffe. Does it concern you at all the appearance of impropriety in requiring banks under this settlement to make settlement funds available to activist groups?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Well, Mr. Graber, that is the problem. The Department should not be making those decisions. The Department's mission is to enforce the Constitution, correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. Okay. And the Constitution provides that ``no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of appropriations made by law.'' Congress makes the laws, correct?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. And you certainly respect the separation of powers that our Constitution provides, right?    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. And you think that the Department of Justice should remain in the business of enforcing the laws, not making laws.    Mr. Ratcliffe. All right. Well, we will just have to disagree about that. I will yield my time back.