    Mr. Narang. Very good.    Mr. Narang. It's Narang.    Mr. Narang. Although you give it a much better first try than most.    Mr. Narang. Chairman Marino, Ranking Member Johnson and Members of the Subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to testify today on the three legislative proposals that are the subject of today's hearing.    I am Amit Narang, regulatory policy advocate of Public Citizen's Congress Watch. Public Citizen is a national public interest organization with more than 350,00 members and supporters. For more than 40 years we have successfully advocated for stronger health, safety, consumer protection and other rules, as well as for a robust regulatory system that curtails corporate wrongdoing and advances the public interest.    I'd like to first address the proclaimed rationale for this legislation which is the claim that regulations hurt the economy. This rhetoric is simply not supported by reality. All studies that have attempted to demonstrate this falsehood have been thoroughly discredited by credible independent and in certain cases nonpartisan observers such as the Congressional Research Service. None of these studies have been subjected to peer review and none would pass scrutiny under peer review.    I want to focus on one report in particular by the Competitive Enterprise Institute which asserts that regulation costs our economy $1.8 trillion annually, which breaks down to about $15,000 per household. The CEI report is readily cited by lawmakers and by a fellow witness at this hearing written testimony. And yet The Washington Post found the study ``misleading'' and worthy of two Pinocchios. The reports authors themselves claim it is ``not scientific'' and ``rather back of the envelope.''    This report and others relying on similar discredited and methodology can not and should not inform critical policy debates and certainly should not be the primary justification for any legislation.    Turning to the legislation itself, let me start with the SCRUB Act. The SCRUB Act presumes there are volumes of outdated and unnecessary regulations ripe for repeal. But this presumption is problematic given the lack of any concrete and tangible examples of outdated or unnecessary regulations cited by my fellow witnesses in their testimony.    Supporters may point to the Obama administration's retrospective review process as proof that such regulations exist. Actually, this compounds the SCRUB Act's problematic premise. If the Administration has and is continuing to take these regulations off the books, what is there really left for the commission to do?    The commission would be better titled the retrospective regulatory reduction commission since the commission only promotes deregulation with no corollary mission to strengthen regulatory standards that are too weak or identify gaps in our regulatory protections that could prevent the next massive chemical spill like the one we tragically saw occur in West Virginia last year.    This lack of balance carries over to Title II of the bill, which requires agencies to repeal commission identified rules before issuing new ones. Here the repeal of rules would not undergo cost benefit or any regulatory impact analysis nor would the public be allowed to comment both of which would still pertain to the issuance of new rules.    Potentially even more troubling in this double standard is the lack of any exceptions to one in, one out scheme for emergency rules, addressing urgent public health and safety crisis. This could endanger the public by forcing agencies to repeal rules before they can issue new health and safety regulations to address a public health emergency, such as an Ebola outbreak.    Now let me turn to the Sunshine Act. The Sunshine Act reveals one of the most troubling aspects of our current regulatory system. The fact that agencies routinely miss explicit and mandatory congressional deadlines to issue new rules. One quick glance at Public Citizens' visual depiction of the regulatory process explains why. The current process is a paragon of inefficiency with a maze of redundant requirements for agencies to complete before finalizing any rules. It's no wonder given dwindling resources that agencies often fail to meet congressional deadlines.    Congress should be making it easier to enforce the law when agencies miss congressionally-mandated deadlines. The Sunshine Act unfortunately does the opposite. The GAO's recent report on the so called sue and settle phenomenon put to bed any claims of impropriety in the process. And for the sake of brevity I refer you to my written testimony for a fuller explanation.    Finally, the RAPID Act represents a very different approach to the previous two bills expediting agency action regarding permit approvals for large infrastructure projects including energy projects. It does this by dramatically scaling back the process agencies must undertake for determining the environmental impacts, meaning the costs and the benefits of these--to the environment that such a project would pose.    The National Environmental Policy Act or NEPA requires agencies to conduct this important analysis in order to minimize the environmental footprint of the proposed energy or infrastructure project. In perhaps the most troubling reform, the bill allows project developers themselves to prepare the environmental impact statements, allowing those developers to decide the impact on the environment its own proposed project will have. This is akin to letting, for example, the big banks on Wall Street decide the costs and benefits of new Wall Street reforms.    Finally, it is important to step back and take stock of the stark double standard created by enactment of all three legislative proposals here, along with other so-called regulatory reform measures the House has already passed such as H.R. 185, the ``Regulatory Accountability Act.''    I am a sports fan and I hope many of you are too, but with apologies to non-sports fans, allow me to use a baseball analogy to illustrate this double standard. In a baseball game each team gets a chance to bat nine times in nine innings, just a little asterisk there, but let's say the rules were changed to allow one team to bat 12 times, and the other team to only bat six times. While this would not ensure that the team that bats more often would always win, it would make it far more likely by making the rules unfairly advantage one team over the other. This unfair advantage due to a double standard in the procedural rules is exactly what will occur by expediting permit approvals to the RAPID Act while further delaying and impeding new rules to protect the public through the Sunshine and SCRUB Acts.    The Chamber of Commerce is explicit about supporting this double standard advocating for one process when agencies approve permits and a very different one when agencies approve new regulatory standards. If the Regulatory Accountability Act ``improves the rulemaking process'' as the Chamber claims, wouldn't it make sense for the Chamber to support approving permits through that process as well?    Why shouldn't agencies use the same process when establishing measures to protect servicemembers from predatory lending, as they do when approving new permits. By manipulating the process, these legislative measures pick winners and losers thereby making our government work for corporate special interests and against protecting the public.    Thank you and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Narang. Thank you for the question.    So one runner's starting at third base is essentially what Congress dictates. All the settlement is trying to do is enforce the law that has already been decided by----    Mr. Narang. So the situation that you're referring to here is entirely based on the fact that Congress has mandated legal requirements. The fairness or lack of fairness probably accrues to the fact that these legal requirements exist in the first place.    And when an agency because of the enormous process that I pointed out earlier misses a deadline, that shouldn't be very surprising to anybody looking at the process and an agency like the EPA missing a deadline ascribed by in law by Congress. It's a very simple case. There is not very many issues of fairness when essentially in court all you have to prove is an agency was supposed to issue, you know, a regulation by say March 2nd and they don't issue it by March 2.    Mr. Narang. That's the way I read the bill.    Mr. Narang. I have not, no.    Mr. Narang. Well, I would assume that it would be easier for the home developer if, of course, it was issued in 3 weeks. I don't know that I'd agree that that would be a sensible decision given the speed at which it was made.    Mr. Narang. Thank you, Congressman. As you know, I am not someone with experience in managing a business. So I don't think that my insight would be very helpful.    Mr. Narang. I think these issues are very complicated, and the hypothetical doesn't include potential environmental considerations from that development.    Mr. Narang. I didn't say that. No.    Mr. Narang. I think many could be strengthened, and they are too weak and ineffective currently. Unfortunately, the SCRUB Act doesn't allow for that.    Mr. Narang. Could some of the regulations themselves be streamlined?    Mr. Narang. It's unclear. I'd have to look at each specific regulation, of course. I do think that the regulatory process for new public health and safety regulations can definitely be streamlined. It just takes one look at our chart for that to be apparent.    Mr. Narang. I assume there could be, but unless I'm given----    Mr. Narang. So I'm a little hesitant to respond, Congressman, only because of the way that you use streamline. You know, a regulation is--sometimes has certain components in order to be effective, and it may not be possible to streamline certain regulations. I would be very comfortable speaking to streamlining processes for adopting regulations.    Mr. Narang. Congressman, you're misconstruing what I was trying to say. So let me actually clarify. Maybe it's my own fault.    I am talking about studies that claim in the aggregate, in a macroeconomic sense, that regulations are harming the economy. Those studies are baseless.    Mr. Narang. Thank you, Congressman. So in the aggregate from a macroeconomic standpoint, there's no empirical evidence--credible empirical evidence to support that claim.    Mr. Narang. Again, in the aggregate or macroeconomic sense----    Mr. Narang. There is none.    Mr. Narang. Well, Public Citizen noted almost immediately when the report came out that it was baseless, that it was using a flawed methodology, and that it was the same flawed methodology that other studies, including one that was adopted by the SBA and subsequently disavowed by the SBA also used.    I will say that Public Citizen saying it is one thing, but the Washington Post saying it is definitely another thing, and so I do want to also emphasize that credible, independent, nonpartisan sources have also echoed our criticism of the studies.    Mr. Narang. So you're right that H.R. 712 massively expands standing to engage in settlement discussions, and I think your question--the answer to your question is I don't necessarily read it as such, but potentially it could.    Mr. Narang. So one thing with--just with respect to the last question, you know, the proposed expansion under H.R. 712 is very different than what you get in the RAPID Act. So I know this is not directly responsive to your question, but the RAPID Act, of course, only allows parties that have commented in the RAPID Act to participate in a judicial challenge of that.    With respect to the SCRUB Act, the cut-go provisions, this is, I would say, a fairly Draconian piece of the bill in that there are very few exceptions to allow agencies to address emergency issues. You know, we saw one last year with the Ebola outbreak. If regulations arenecessary in that instance, I don't see a, you know, any kind of emergency exception, and then again, what I pointed out in my testimony.    There's a really stark double standard. It doesn't make sense to me to require rules, essentially, to be repealed by agencies within 60 days in order to allow agencies to go forward with rules that would then have to go through the very lengthy process, in most cases, to issue new rules, and would have to go through all of the regulatory impact analyses, cost benefit analyses, public comment participation that is advocated by my fellow witnesses as the hallmarks of a good process, a good regulatory process.    Mr. Narang. Thank you. There's a far more direct way also for Congress to do that same act--take that same action, which would be to directly repeal statutes. So, for example, if Congress wants to directly repeal the Clean Air Act, it can do so in a very direct way. We don't need a commission--a taxpayer-expensed commission to make those recommendations.    Mr. Narang. I think also taking into consideration what Congressman Peters just pointed out, that the social costs of carbon is not to be incorporated into these environmental impact statements, it puts a very heavy thumb on the scale in favor of projects that would emit large amounts of carbon in the atmosphere and contribute to climate change.    Mr. Narang. I would agree with that, and I'd also say that 15 years is far too long for--in critical public health and safety measures. Unfortunately, at Public Citizen we have a quite a few examples of public health and safety measures that took longer than 15 years to protect the public.