    Mr. Potts. Good afternoon, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, and distinguished members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before you today to discuss NIH's role in the oversight of biosafety and biosecurity measures in high containment laboratories, including those that work with biological select agents and toxins.    The GAO report released today provides valuable analysis and recommendations that will inform policies and procedures on inactivation moving forward. NIH is committed to working with our Federal partners in implementing these recommendations. I am the NIH Biorisk Manager, and I'm responsible for providing regulatory compliance oversight and expert guidance to the intramural research community for matters involving high-consequence pathogens.    Consistency is essential to biosafety practice. At NIH all high containment laboratories are held to the same operational standards. Working with a team of certified biological safety professionals, we oversee laboratories on the main campus in Bethesda, Maryland; Frederick, Maryland; and Hamilton, Montana. The NIH has an important mission to conduct research that will lead to the development of new treatments, diagnostics, and vaccines to address public health needs, including medical countermeasures to address the ever-evolving threat of infectious diseases.    Methods for inactivating pathogens are an essential component of this research. Inactivation methods allow for the removal of a biological material from a high containment laboratory for downstream use. At NIH, inactivation methods and viability testing protocols are developed through collaboration of investigators and Biorisk Management staff, reviewed by the Biosafety Officer, and ultimately review and approval by the NIH Institutional Biosafety Committee. These policies and procedures are applicable to all pathogens that may be removed from a high containment laboratory.    The research community at large looks to two essential publications when conducting biological research: the ``NIH Guidelines for Research Involving Recombinant or Synthetic Nucleic Acid Molecules,'' commonly referred to as the NIH Guidelines; and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention/NIH publication, ``Biosafety in Microbiological and Biomedical Laboratories,'' referred to as the BMBL.    In addition to these guidance documents, work with select agents is regulated by either CDC and/or USDA. NIH will look to these two agencies to establish minimum criteria and definitions for inactivation. It is important that every effort is made to harmonize language to ensure a clear and consistent message, as well as provide guidance for development, validation, and implementation of inactivation protocols.    The GAO report called for greater consistency in the collection of data related to biosafety incidents involving incomplete inactivation or failures. In order to provide greater accuracy in data collection and retrieval concerning inactivation failures, NIH revised its ``Template for Reporting Incidents'' subject to the NIH Guidelines. Internally, NIH has begun keeping records on the destination to which inactivated samples are distributed or shipped. In the upcoming revision of the BMBL, guidance will be included on documenting the shipment of such inactivated material.    NIH is committed to biosafety outreach to the broader research community. NIH will once again sponsor National Biosafety Month this October. Throughout the month, all research institutions are encouraged to refocus their attention on their biosafety policies, practices, and procedures.    This year, the outreach effort will encourage institutions to evaluate their biosafety programs, collaborate with other biosafety professionals, and commit resources to ensure they have a robust biosafety governance structure in place. In an effort to foster continuous discussion on this topic, in May 2017 the NIH will host its third Safety by Design Symposium and Workshop. The topic of the symposium will be ``Microbial Inactivation--Lessons Learned, and a Way Forward.'' This symposium will provide a venue for scientific and safety personnel to share experiences regarding the use of various inactivation modalities, successes and failures, and scientific information gaps.    In closing, I want to ensure the subcommittee that NIH remains committed both to the safety of the public and the scientists whose mission it is to find new ways to enhance health, lengthen life, and reduce illness and disability. We remain committed to preserving the public's trust in NIH research activities through best safety practices and strong leadership. Thank you for the opportunity to testify. I'll be glad to answer any questions you may have.    Mr. Potts. So in our training with all of our employees we stress the importance of following the standard operating procedures, and all protocols are to have been previously approved. Like Mr. Davidson, or Dr. Davidson--I'm sorry--based on the investigation, if we find that there is a willful or negligence involved we would pursue those actions.    Mr. Potts. Yes, the NIH recombinant DNA guidelines were updated in August of this year to include a specific category for inactivation failures.    Mr. Potts. So I think the current structure is working. I think each agency that has a voice at the table is providing their expert opinion and their guidance to----    Mr. Potts. I think we can coordinate it and there's efforts ongoing----    Mr. Potts. So NIH has active research projects and some external collaborations which have addressed some scientific gaps. At NIH we are constantly looking at new science, new techniques. There are new pathogens that are discovered or reemerging, so the science is always going to be following that. So we're committed to constantly pursuing this.    At NIH we have a process where every pathogen, every inactivation protocol, is brought before the IBC and is rigorously looked at for viability testing to make sure that the protocol is actually effective. We have ongoing collaborations with other agencies within the Federal Government to align the guidance documents and the verbiage for some of the definitions.    MG Holcomb. The DoD is currently conducting a series of experiments to validate an optimal dose for irradiation of Bacillus anthracis spores. The initial study has identified a method for standardization of spore preparations, a radiation dose that will produce a sterility assurance level of 10 to the negative 6 which is the equivalent to a probability of one in a million, and a method to validate the radiation dose received by samples for optimal inactivation of spores.    The sterility assurance level of 10 to the negative 6 was achieved with a radiation dose of 42 kilograys in the current study, and the upper range was 50, the lower range used was 25. The sterility assurance level is a measure of confidence for sterility that's commonly used by the medical device industry. We must continue to address the confounding variables that can be used in various types of samples, and until those are completed and reviewed and accepted by the Select Agent Program we will continue to manage irradiated spores as BSAT.