    Mr. King. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, Director Rodriguez, I thank you for coming back a second time within a month's period of time to testify to us here today.    I was listening to your earlier testimony, and I was interested in a statement that you made. ``Violent criminals can come from just about anywhere'' was a summation of that, although there was a little more detail in your statement, as I recall.    And I'm curious; that statement I don't have any doubt is true, but is there a higher incidence among those violent criminals--let's say, for example, are they more likely male or female?    Mr. King. You've been in law enforcement for 25 years, and you don't have a judgment on whether they're more likely male or female?    Mr. King. We recognize that, and I recognized that in my first sentence to you, I believe. But could we establish here that there are more male than female that are committing violent crimes?    Mr. King. Can we recognize that the population of our male prisons are substantially greater than the populations of our female prisons?    Mr. King. Would that be an indicator, then, that----    Mr. King. We know that's correct.    Mr. King. And so wouldn't that be an indicator that males commit more crime and likely more violent crime and more homicides than females?    Mr. King. Okay. So it took us a little while to get to that, and I'm thinking it's going to be a little harder to narrow this down a little more.    Is it against the law to profile?    Mr. King. Against the law. Could you cite the laws that prohibit law enforcement from profiling?    Mr. King. Not on statute?    Mr. King. So, as law enforcement officers, are you prohibited from looking for a person based upon a profile?    Mr. King. And it could be multiple identifying characteristics.    Mr. King. It could be height, it could be skin color, it could be sex, it could be clothing, it could be a vehicle they drive, it could be patterns that they have?    Mr. King. Patterns of behavior.    Mr. King. And then if we happen to see that criminals are coming out of that--I just described a profile, by the way. If they happen to see that criminals are coming out of that profile, are you prohibited, then, to give greater scrutiny, by law, to that profile that is consistently coming back to us as the most likely profile of a violent criminal?    Mr. King. Okay. But we would also know that if we--and I'm not going to speak to this specifically, but when we walk through prisons, we get a pretty good idea of the makeup of the prisoners there. And you can't walk out of there and not have some ideas about where you're likely to find crime on the streets in America. Would you agree with that?    Mr. King. Okay. We got to this place here less than a month ago, too, and I wondered if you went back and reviewed a couple of Federal sections of Code, 1101 and 1158, that require that you consider the race, the religion, the nationality, the membership in a particular social group, or political opinion as a factor when you do the background checks on individuals that are applying for asylum.    Mr. King. Okay. But last time you said that you don't inquire as to religion. Have you had a chance to reconsider?    Mr. King. Thank you. I'm glad we got that clarified, and I'm glad you had an opportunity to do that.    And then do you recognize that there are Muslims who are persecuted because of their religion?    Mr. King. And that there are Christians that are persecuted because of their religion?    Mr. King. And that there are applications for asylum in both of those categories.    It's curious to me, when I look at the report from 2015, from Syria, 1,573 Sunni Muslims admitted under that and 29 Christians. That would seem to be very disproportionate, to me, when I look at the pictures of the film and go over there and see the numbers of victims that are displaced and persecuted. In a population of Assyrian Christians that was something like 2 million, now down under 400,000, we could only find 29 out of that group, but we found 1,573 Sunni Muslims.    So I'd ask you to consider the religion in perhaps a different light than you might be.    Mr. King. Or the U.N.'s regulator.    And I've run out of time. I thank you, and I yield back.