    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you very much.    Mr. Graglia, I'd like to ask you, in 2012, you made some comments that raised a lot of eyebrows explaining why you feel African American citizens are not competitive in college admittance, you told a BBC reporter, I quote: ``I can hardly imagine a less beneficial or more deleterious experience than to be raised by a single parent, usually a female, uneducated and without a lot of money.''    Things turned personal when the reporter told you that since he was Black and was raised in a single-parent family, you are saying the less ``likely'' not as smart as a White person of the same age.    In response you said, ``Well, from listening to you and knowing what you are and what you've done, I'd say you're rather more smart. My guess would be that you are above usual smartness for White, to say nothing of Black.''    Can you explain to us that comment?    Mr. Gutierrez. You know----    Mr. Gutierrez. You don't want to explain this to us?    Mr. Gutierrez. You don't want to explain this?    Mr. Gutierrez. You don't want to explain your comment?    Mr. Gutierrez. Yeah, the comments that you made to the journalist from the BBC.    Mr. Gutierrez. My guess would be that you, referring to the journalist from the BBC, are above usual smartness for White, to say nothing of Black.    Mr. Gutierrez. Oh, you made the comment.    Mr. Gutierrez. You made the comment. Clearly I think it is very important. When people are raising issues about changing the Constitution of the United States and saying that their motivation is one, I think it is very clear to raise issues and statements that they have made in the past, especially when it comes to issues such as this. But since you don't want to speak about it, I'll let it go.    Mr. Gutierrez. I ask unanimous consent--it's titled ``UT Law Professor Raises Pulses on Race in Admissions,'' by Rose Cahalan, in 40 Acres, Special, on December 12, 2012. So it's right around the corner, just 3 years ago: In 1997, Texas Monthly called UT's Lino Graglia the most controversial law professor in America. This week he's living up to the title by raising pulses with his comment in BBC radio interview on race in admissions. In the interview, Graglia tells the BBC reporter that he believes African American students can't compete in college admissions.    Do you believe African American students can't compete in college admissions?    Mr. Gutierrez. I would like unanimous consent that it be put in the record. Chairman?    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you.    Mr. Gutierrez. I want to go----    Mr. Gutierrez. Pass that over to my colleague from Texas.    I would like to now go to Mr. Cohen for a moment. There are those that look at today's hearing and think that there's a relationship with today's hearing and the 13th and 14th Amendments to the Constitution of the United States. How do you see today's hearing?    Mr. Gutierrez. I'm sorry. There are those who believe that today's hearing has serious implications, historical implications, in relationship to the 13th Amendment to the Constitution and the 14th Amendment to the Constitution. How do you see the relationship of today's hearing vis-a-vis those two amendments of the Constitution?    Mr. Gutierrez. Thank you. And can you--how would I say this--weaken, abridge birthright citizenship without challenging the 14th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States?    Mr. Gutierrez. Okay. So really what we're having here is a conversation that has to lead to a change in the Constitution of the United States.    Mr. Gutierrez. I guess we are going to have birthright citizenship for a long time. Thank you so much.    Mr. Gutierrez. It's in the record.