    Mr. Sherman. Mr. Chairman, thank you for holding this hearing and I join with you in concern about China's expansion into the Indian Ocean and especially in Pakistani and Sri Lankan ports.    First, I want to express my sympathy and condolences for all those in Sri Lanka impacted by the flooding associated by Cyclone Roanu. I hope that the hundreds of thousands of people who were displaced can return to their homes and rebuild soon. I'm looking forward to those whose loved ones are missing hopefully being reunited with them.    Last year, Sri Lanka saw some positive developments. I expect there's near universal approval among the subcommittee members for the election of Sri Lankan President Sirisena and the reaffirmation of the decision in the parliamentary elections later in the year.    The elections brought to an end the previous government, which had become increasingly intolerant. These elections represented a true success for the democratic spirit. The new President deserves recognition for reducing the power of the presidency.    I look forward to one day complimenting an American President for scaling back the expansion of the imperial presidency here in the United States.    But returning to Sri Lanka, the new President there has scaled back the powers of the presidency, creating more space for dissent and free expression and opening the country to greater scrutiny by international human rights organizations.    These are notable steps. It's never easy to heal a civil war. The current government came in with a set of promises and impressed the world. Sri Lanka's co-sponsorship in October 2015 of the U.N. Human Rights Council resolution recommending concrete steps toward true political reconciliation was truly and widely acclaimed.    There were promises of the return of land seized during the conflict of accountability with international oversight for those who committed crimes, of constitutional reforms to move power to regions and of changes in the security sector that would end a culture that promoted abuse with impunity.    Last month, I met with the Sri Lankan Ambassador and encouraged Sri Lanka to move forward with plans to continue political reconciliation. The Ambassador described a decline in the military's role and in its presence in the north and east of the country, and the constitutional council's work toward giving more power to local officials.    What I've heard from others, particularly from Tamil groups, is that the political process of reconciliation and security sector reform are not moving forward nearly as quickly as they should.    It is encouraging that the government has established an office of missing persons but we have yet to see how it can operate independently from the government, how it will be resourced and how effective it will be.    The government has promised to reduce the role of the military but the defense budget has actually grown from $1.2 billion in 2009, which is when the conflict ended, to a new higher level of $2.13 billion in 2016.    The government has declared that it will resettle all those displaced in the war by the end of this year. Yet, it has not returned the vast majority of land seized during the conflict.    It is deeply disturbing to learn that both the President and Prime Minister of Sri Lanka have declared their intention to pursue a truth and reconciliation mechanism devoid of international judges. The Tamil population is unlikely to accept this as impartial justice.    Most critical is the issue of the return of government-seized land. The slow progress on this front represents not only a burden on tens of thousands of those who have been displaced, many of whom remain homeless but also a major barrier to building trust between the peoples of north and east Sri Lanka with the central government.    This is a tenuous moment. There is still a sense of optimism, but the government can no longer just rest on this sense of optimism that came with its election.    I look forward to the witnesses' assessment of these processes and especially for direction on what the United States can do to advance full reconciliation between the Sinhalese and the Tamils with due respect for human rights and accountability. Sri Lanka has traditionally been one of the most advanced and prosperous nations in South Asia and I look forward to it also being a beacon of human rights as well, and I yield back.    Mr. Sherman. Thank you.    Doctor, the government has sped up a special assembly effort to draft a new constitution. It's expected to grant Tamils regional political power.    Where do things stand now on drafting these constitutional provisions and what is the likelihood that Tamils in the north and east will have some degree of regional authority?    Mr. Sherman. Let me try to squeeze in one more question. What is--how is--what signs are there that the government is really going to transfer land from the military back to the people and how much land does the military control in the north and east?    Ms. Bue and then----    Mr. Sherman. Let me--let me ask the--is--because I have heard a lot about the military-held land. Are we talking here about 12,000 rural acres? Or are we talking about more land than that?