    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much, Chairman Rouzer, Members of the Subcommittee. I think this is an important matter that the Subcommittee provide its attention and oversight to for a host of reasons. I also appreciate the witnesses that are appearing before the Subcommittee, and look forward to their testimony.    The United States Agency for International Development, USAID, as we refer to it, and the Department of Agriculture's foreign service, USDA's FAS, must be commended for a history of long work that they do. And that is just the facts. But it is also very important, as we have this oversight hearing today, that we examine, for the purpose of the Agriculture Committee's oversight, to evaluate the implications from what I believe the traditional direct food assistance aid has done, and continues to do, versus the cash-based assistance effort.    And let me just put it out here very clearly so everybody understands it. I have a sense that the traditional direct food aid support is a much more meritorious way to provide the support for those who need it, as opposed to a cash-based assistance effort. Frankly, there are all sorts of issues out there that create problems in a cash-based assistance program, and the GAO, in their preliminary report of what I read, indicates that you are having a difficult time monitoring that and staying on top of it.    And, frankly, if you want to talk about giving food to needy people who are hungry, and you also want to have the corollary benefit of helping American farmers and ranchers and people, you are taking surplus food that is there, and you are giving it to the people who need it. And there is a lot less room when you do a direct transfer of food itself than the sort of shenanigans that can go on when you deal with cash-based assistance in some third world countries in which, frankly, there is a level of corruption that--let us acknowledge it for what it is: cronyism, these things happen, and we have less ability to monitor and to control.    The United States is the largest supplier of food aid. Now we have become the largest provider of cash-based assistance. And it is wonderful that we are in a position where we can help, with all the cornucopia of food products that we grow in our country to help those who are most in need. That is an important humanitarian thing to do, and we should. But, providing cash as an alternative is a poor substitute.    The Agricultural Act of 2014, which the Agriculture Committee spent many long hours--we all spent a lot of hours--working on making several improvements to the international food aid programs to provider greater flexibility to USAID, and to the United States Department of Agriculture's Foreign Agricultural Service. However, there appears, to me, to be an inherent flaw in the system, because despite the flexibility that we provided you, both for USAID and for USDA, in Congress we have obviously made cuts on your budget, and so we get that. We want you to do more with less.    But monitoring that, especially when you are looking at the dual application of the food assistance versus the cash, can be dealt with in a significant way by simply relying more on the direct food support, as opposed to the cash assistance, where there are much more requirements to monitor to avoid the sort of monies being put into the wrong hands, and never getting into the hands of the people who are hungry, and who need the food.    So we should do all we can to provide these agencies the support so that they can properly monitor how American tax dollars are being spent. That is what we all care about here. But we also care about doing the right thing. But we ask this in all our domestic programs, so I am going to look forward to the answers by the witnesses on questions we will ask on how these programs are actually being implemented. Because to provide assistance to hungry people around the world is incredibly important. It is a good part of American diplomacy as we deal in a more troubling world, and it provides American goodwill in areas where we have a lot of challenges. And I think, politically and diplomatically, that is important as well.    But for the food aid programs to provide the benefits to America's farmers, our ranchers, our transportation systems, to our docks to haul the food out, it also helps our economy. So for people who aren't in the Farm Belt, we move those excess products--they get shipped across the country, they get shipped to ports. People are working. And then, of course, they get sent to those countries where the need is the greatest. So the food aid programs provide benefit to America's farmers, ranchers, its agriculture economy, to its support workers, by moving those products abroad.    In my home State of California, we produce some of the best food and fiber that helps feed not only everybody in America, but also people around the world. So one of the problems that I see is that the in-kind donations, which a lot of my farmers provide when we have surplus crops, and we have crops that are sitting and being shelved, is that locally sourced products are not adequate, and do not come close to matching the quality of the food produced in the United States. Furthermore, based on conversations I have had with local producers, there is a greater network for monitoring commodity based food areas that I don't think we are taking advantage of, and I would like your comments there.    And, finally, I understand that a changing and global economy in many of the locations where these programs operate, it is necessary to be flexible. We get that. I know you need some assistance on flexibility. But we need to make sure that these programs are supported with the necessary resources, and I think that there is naturally a tendency--the cash-based is easier. I get that. It is easier to provide, have somebody write a check. But I think it is far more worthwhile and productive to provide the food, and there is a much greater assurance that that food is going to get in the hands of the people who need it the most.    So, again, I want to thank the witnesses. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank you for having this hearing today, and I look forward to the testimony by the witnesses.    The Chairman. Thank you, Mr. Costa. The chair would request that other Members submit their opening statements for the record so the witnesses may begin their testimony, and to ensure that there is ample time for questions. The chair would like to remind Members that they will be recognized for questioning in order of seniority for Members who were present at the start of the hearing. After that, Members will be recognized in order of their arrival, and I appreciate Members' understanding. Witnesses are asked to limit their oral presentations to 5 minutes. All written statements will be included for the record.    Now, I would like to welcome our witnesses to the table. First we have Mr. Thomas Melito, Director of International Affairs and Trade, U.S. Government Accountability Office here in Washington, D.C. Following him we have Ms. Catherine Trujillo, Acting Deputy Inspector General, U.S. Agency for International Development, Office of Inspector General here in Washington. And then finally we have Mr. Rod DeSmet, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audit, USDA Office of Inspector General, here in Washington as well.    Mr. Melito, please begin when you are ready.    Mr. Costa. Yes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I want to apologize in advance to the Members of the Subcommittee and witnesses. I have another hearing going on concurrently on an important piece of legislation affecting California and the drought conditions, so I am going to ask these questions in the next 5 minutes, and that will probably be the extent of my presence for this morning.    For all the witnesses, you have given your pros and cons on direct food aid versus cash-based assistance. Let me just ask all three of you on your preference. Mr. Melito, direct food aid or cash-based assistance?    Mr. Costa. Ms. Trujillo?    Mr. Costa. You are saying one size doesn't fit all?    Mr. Costa. Okay. And do you agree, Mr. DeSmet?    Mr. Costa. Now, it is interesting, because as a part of our fact finding we find ourselves in different parts of the world, and when we get our mission briefing at embassies, they are usually as a representative of the USDA. I would assume that the USDA representative in our embassy there in this country that is providing where support is being received, either cash-based or direct food aid, would have a sense, along with some other elements of the embassy, as to what is the best way to provide that. I mean, is that some sort of a consultation process? How is the decision ultimately made as to which size fits?    Mr. Costa. Did you find there is a more likelihood or evidence that cash or vouchers are more likely to be diverted, or used more fraudulently, than in-kind food commodities?    Mr. Costa. Did your study end up taking a look at what other contributors, of the international community--there are folks in the EU and others that also provide support and assistance--whether they were providing in-kind food donations or cash?    Mr. Costa. Ms. Trujillo, your investigation revealed areas of increased risk for fraud or diversion with cash or voucher distribution programs in U.S. commodities. If, in fact, those that you have discovered, and some you noted in your testimony, what efforts are you making to implement to the partner or the suspects what that fraudulent activity is doing, and what actions do you take?    Mr. Costa. On a case by case basis? Are you working with the embassies as well in these countries?    Mr. Costa. No, I am just wondering, but with cutback of resources, we have these embassies there on the ground, they are where the rubber meets the road. Most of these embassies, to the degree they are staffed up, have a lot of resources, and they know kind of what is going on in the country, and where the--most of the corruption lies.    Mr. Costa. So it seems to me--and a lot of times USDA or others have people in those embassies.    Mr. Costa. So I am just trying to understand----    Mr. Costa. Thank you very much. My time has expired.    The Chairman. I noticed that the Chairman of the Committee, has just arrived.