    Mr. Meadows. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina. And so let me follow up with my esteemed colleague opposite. I can assure her that this hearing is part of a series of hearings that we have had dating back long before some of the tragic events. She will recall obviously we have had GSA and a number of others that were in, and I have a strong commitment to work in a bipartisan way to continue not only the work that we have started many, many months ago but to continue to work on an inventory and control process that would address that. And so I just wanted to let the gentlewoman know of not only our previous efforts but our continuing efforts to address that.    So let me go ahead and go to some of the issues ----    Mr. Meadows. Sure, without a doubt.    Mr. Meadows. Reclaiming my time. I appreciate your comments.    Mr. Meadows. All I am saying is is that this is a long-standing process of which this committee has taken seriously long before some of the most recent political events that have sparked some of this controversy.    And so let me come back to some of the issues at hand that seem to be systemic. And gentlemen, you are here this morning because of your inventory and your systems being deplorable. There is no other word to describe them other than to suggest that the lack of controls at your agencies need not only great work but systemic work to make sure that we can keep track of them. Would you all agree with that?    Mr. Meadows. I see, Mr. Kane, you are shaking your head yes. Mr. Orner, all of you would agree that you have systemic problems that need of major, major work. So let me ask you a little bit further because one of my concerns, the gentlewoman mentioned about the rounds of ammunition, and I honestly get questioned more from DHS with regards to rounds of ammunition and why you purchased so much only having, I guess, officially according to open the books--and Dr. Coburn, who I hold in very high regard, he said that there has only been 881 times that DHS has actually fired their weapon in terms of official capacity, but yet you have purchased 1.7 billion rounds of ammunition. Why such a huge inventory of ammunition?    Mr. Meadows. But ----    Mr. Orner.--are contract ceilings, not the amount that is actually purchased.    Mr. Meadows. But if we go to the amount that you actually contract, I have looked into this dating back 3 or 4 years. So let me shift to something else. Can you tell me why DHS would have acquired 4,700 bayonets?    Mr. Meadows. Well, it ----    Mr. Orner.--get back to you on that. I suspect it's ceremonial units, but I'm going to have to get back to you.    Mr. Meadows. Forty-seven hundred bayonets ----    Mr. Meadows. Yes, I am very familiar with it. I am very familiar with it. So let me ask you in terms of coding because I'm going to come to you, Mr. Kane, very quickly, on coding as well. Can you tell me why you would code something to show that it was a procurement type for firearms code that in there--it was for the ``cable dude.''    Mr. Meadows. Cable dude.    Mr. Meadows. Yes. Would you say that that is something that should be used as a firearm code?    Mr. Meadows. So you are starting to get my point.    So, Mr. Kane, let me come to you because I am just as concerned that you have inmate clothing at $67,000 worth that is coded as body armor. Why would that be?    Mr. Meadows. Or feminine hygiene products worth $15,000 coded as body armor? Any reason why the Bureau of Prisons would do that?    Mr. Meadows. We also have that you had $113,000 worth of food that you coded as chemical weapons and equipment. Does that make sense?    Mr. Meadows. Okay. I think we are all getting my point I believe at this point. If you can't code it right, the best new system in the world isn't going to fix the problem. And so what we need is real accountability, real coding, and a real inventory system that honestly you could probably put on QuickBooks today and do better than what we are doing.    And with that I yield back, Mr. Chairman.