    Dr. Throckmorton.  Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member DeGette, and members of the subcommittee, I am Dr. Douglas Throckmorton, Deputy Director for Regulatory Programs within FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research. Thank you for the opportunity to be here today to discuss FDA's role in combating opioid abuse and encouraging the safe use of these important drugs.    Our goal is to find the balance between needing to treat patients with pain, including the use of opioids where appropriate, and needing to reduce opioid drug abuse. This work is being done together with other parts of the Federal Government, and we know that a successful and sustainable response must include Federal and State Government, public health officials, opioid prescribers, addiction experts, researchers, manufacturers, and patient organizations.    For our part, FDA plays a central role in the regulation and use of drugs from their discovery and throughout their marketing. For example, when FDA reviews a drug for possible marketing, we also approve drug labeling, which includes information about approved uses about the medicine, as well as information about potential safety risks. FDA also carefully follows drugs after they are marketed, including opioid drugs. Where necessary, this enables us to take a variety of actions to improve their safe use, such as changes to approved labeling.    The first area of FDA activity I'd like to highlight is our work to support the development of abuse-deterrent formulations that make opioids harder or less rewarding to abuse. While this is not a silver bullet that will prevent all abuse, FDA believes abuse-deterrent opioids can help reduce opioid abuse. To incentivize their development, FDA recently issued final guidance on abuse-deterrent formulations, guidance we are using now to meet with sponsors interested in developing them.    To date, FDA has received some 30 investigational new drug applications from manufacturers. In addition, we have approved four opioid drugs with abuse-deterrent claims in their labeling.    Overall, then, while we are in the early stages of development, I am encouraged by this level of work. FDA envisions a day not far in the future when the majority of opioids in the marketplace are in effective, abuse-deterrent forms.    Next, with regards to prescribing opioids, we know that they are powerful medicines, and FDA believes that it is critically important to ensure that prescribers have high quality education about how to use them in pain management.    Over the past several years, FDA has done several things to improve educational materials on opioids. For example, we recently finalized required changes to the approved labels of extended-release, long-acting opioids, changing their indication to inform prescribers that these drugs should only be used for pain severe enough to require daily around-the-clock treatment when alternative treatments would not work.    At the same time, FDA strengthened significantly the safety warnings on these opioids. We want prescribers to use them with care, and today, the labels for extended-release, long-acting opioids are among the most restrictive of any drugs that we have in the center, and have clear language that calls attention to their potentially life-threatening risks.    FDA's also working to improve the information available for prescribers in other ways. Under certain circumstances, FDA can require manufacturers, as a part of a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, to address safety concerns such as opioid abuse. In 2012, FDA required manufacturers to fund the development of unbiased continuing education programs on opioid prescribing practices for prescribers. In the first year since that program has been in place, approximately 6 percent of the 320,000 prescribers, around 20,000 prescribers of extended-release and long-acting opioids, have completed one of those courses. We believe this training for prescribers is important. We also support mandatory education for prescribers of opioids, as called for by the administration in the 2011 Prescription Drug Abuse Prevention Plan, and reemphasized in the 2014 National Drug Control Strategy.    Finally, FDA has been working with many other stakeholders, including the agencies here today, to explore the best ways to prevent overdose deaths by the expanded use of naloxone. As others have said, it can and does save lives. FDA is working to facilitate the development of naloxone formulations that could be easier to use by anyone responding to an overdose. First, FDA meets with manufacturers whenever needed and is using whatever tools we can to expedite product development. We recently approved the first auto-injector formulation of naloxone, which is intended to be administered by people witnessing an overdose, such as family members and caregivers. We completed that review and approved this product in 15 weeks.    Going forward, we continue to work on how best to use naloxone. As a part of this work, FDA, and many of the others agencies at this table, are planning a public meeting in July to bring together key stakeholders to deal with questions of access, coprescribing of naloxone, and State and local best practices.    In conclusion, as a society, we face an ongoing challenge and a dual responsibility. We must balance efforts to address opioid drug misuse, abuse, and addiction against the need for access to appropriate pain management. These are not simple issues and there are no easy answers. FDA is taking important actions we hope will achieve this balance. We welcome the opportunity to work with Congress, our Federal partners, the medical community, advocacy organizations, and the multitude of interested communities and families to turn the tide on this devastating epidemic.    Thank you for this opportunity to testify. I look forward to answering any questions that I can.    Dr. Throckmorton. We do have those programs in place. They were put into place about 18 months ago, and so the initial year was spent putting into place a process to allow the education to be available, prescribers to make use of it. During that time, we saw about 20,000 prescribers that are using extended-release, long-acting opioids sign up for one course. That's true, 20,000 out of 320,000 prescribers that prescribe these medicines is not a large fraction. It is progress. What we hope is in the second year, which will end in July of this year, we'll see a larger increase in terms of uptake and use of this education. We have been working with the continuing education community to make better use of it, make it more available. We're optimistic. We hope that we'll see more use.    It's one of two pillars of education, from our perspective. Combined with the mandatory education that Mr. Botticelli just spoke about, we believe both of these things provide important opportunities to educate prescribers.    Dr. Throckmorton. Methadone is approved for use for pain, yes.    Dr. Throckmorton. It's one of the medications that we have approved for pain. I will say, however, that if you look at methadone, if you look at the labeling that we have for methadone, it calls it out as far as a product that has particular characteristics that make it challenging to use for pain.    Dr. Throckmorton. Our recommendation is prescribers think very carefully before using methadone. There are things that make it a challenging product to use. It is approved for use in that setting, but I hope doctors think very carefully before they do it.    Dr. Throckmorton. Personally, what I just said is where I would be.    Dr. Throckmorton. I need to look at the statement and get back with you about the specifics of it.    Dr. Throckmorton. But it is a drug that has a very long half life that is variable patient to patient. It has unique cardiac toxicities. There are other drugs that are useful for pain that don't have those characteristics and I----    Dr. Throckmorton. A very good last name.