    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And I'd like to thank our witnesses for taking the time to be with us today. I hope the committee uses this hearing as an opportunity to have a meaningful, productive discussion about the ACA, what aspects of the law are working, areas still in need of improvement. But I've been on this committee long enough and this subcommittee long enough to know that this hearing was called to give my colleagues in the majority an occasion again to attack the law. In fact, just the one-sided title of today's hearing says it all, ``From Premium Increases to Failing CO-OPs.'' A fair approach might be titled ``From Improved Access to Health Care to Historically Low Uninsured Rates'' or ``From Reducing Medical Debt to Slowing National Health Expenditures.'' But, of course, my Republican colleagues don't want to highlight the ACA's successes, only its flaws. That's the kind of partisan political hearing they believe serves their interests in an election year, but another partisan hearing doesn't serve the public interests because there are some accomplishments of the ACA that the Republicans' partisanship ignores.    Because of the ACA, 20 million people who used to be without insurance now have access to quality, affordable healthcare coverage. And what that means at home on Main Street is that your hospitals, your local hospitals, are much less likely to fold because they are not doling out as much uninsured care as they used to have to do. That's true in my district. We had two hospitals that failed after 2010 and before the implementation of the ACA.    But here's another accomplishment. The uninsured rate in this country is at a historic low. That means there are fewer people in this country than ever before that have to worry about what happens if they get sick, they can't afford to go to the doctor, or can't afford to pay for for their medications out of pocket.    And here are some more accomplishments. Because of the ACA, people with preexisting medical conditions can no longer be denied access to coverage because of their health. Hospitals and States that expanded Medicaid have seen their rates of uncompensated care decline, as I just mentioned. Those States have also seen a decline of medical debt. So many of the people that declare bankruptcy in this country had to do so because medical debt put them under water.    But even with all these accomplishments of the ACA, my Republican friends have chosen to hold more than 60 votes attempting to repeal or undermine this law. And we all know there are aspects of the ACA that still need a lot of work. For example, CO-OPs have faced daunting challenges, just as any startup businesses would. We have to remember the reason that CO-OPs were created: to inject much-needed competition into the insurance market so that rates can stay low for consumers. Instead of taking steps to help support the CO-OPs, however, the Republican-led House, has voted multiple times to slash that program's funding. There are certainly other aspects of the law that could be improved. I'm looking forward to hearing from our witnesses about how we can make the ACA better, how we can make it stronger and work for all Americans.    But I'd like to close by focusing on why we passed this law in the first place. In June 2015, Brent Brown of Wisconsin wrote the President a letter thanking him for enacting health reform. Mr. Brown who has, quote, ``voted Republican for the entirety of his life,'' unquote, but who also had a preexisting medical condition that made it impossible for him to get health insurance before the ACA, he wrote, quote, ``I would not be alive without access to care I received due to your law,'' unquote. Mr. Brown's letter is a reminder to all that the ACA is about helping real people live better, healthier lives, and it is working, unlike the harmful proposals recently put forward under the Speaker's Better Way plan, which would roll back healthcare protections for women, raise medical costs for seniors, and cut long-term Medicaid funding to the detriment of patients and medical providers.    After 6 years, Republicans still have not proposed a viable legislative alternative to the Affordable Care Act. I would urge my colleagues to keep this perspective in mind during today's hearing.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    In the 6 years since the ACA was enacted, as I mentioned, Republicans have held over 60 votes to repeal or undermine the law, but they still haven't proposed a viable legislative alternative. Now, the Speaker recently unveiled his, ``Better Way'' plan for health care. The title of this plan is something of a misnomer because it is the wrong way, not a better way. A Better Way plan is short on specifics but contains many ideas that really would be harmful to working Americans.    And, Dr. Blumberg, I'd like to ask you, are you familiar with Speaker Ryan's Better Way plan?    Mr. Cartwright. And you commented on this in your testimony. Do you think it's a viable alternative to the ACA?    Mr. Cartwright. One element of the Speaker's plan is to encourage the use of these health savings accounts combined with high-deductible health plans, and according to the plan, this is supposed to help patients understand the true cost of care.    Dr. Blumberg, isn't it true that this change could increase the out-of-pocket costs for middle class Americans?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. So it's the Better Way plan for higher-income people, is it?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, do you think the people who couldn't afford health insurance before the ACA was enacted really need help understanding the true costs of their medical care?    Mr. Cartwright. The Speaker's plan would also irreparably harm Medicaid. First of all, it would prevent any more States from expanding Medicaid as provided by the ACA. It would also force States to choose between receiving Medicaid payments as a per capita allotment or a block grant.    Now, Dr. Blumberg, what would these changes mean for people who rely on Medicaid for their health coverage?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. Now, the Speaker's plan would once again allow insurance companies to discriminate by charging higher premiums based on health status, sex, and age, and it would eliminate caps on out-of-pocket expenses.    Mr. Counihan, aren't these the types of abusive insurance practices that the ACA protects against?    Mr. Cartwright. The Speaker's plan would also harm seniors by raising the Medicare eligibility age to age 67. Now, the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities said this about the Speaker's plan, ``Overall, the plan would represent an enormous step backward for our country, reversing historic progress in expanding health coverage under the Affordable Care Act.''    Dr. Blumberg, do you agree with that statement?    Mr. Cartwright. I don't know why anybody would want to go back to the bad old days before the ACA, and that's apparently exactly what the Republicans are trying to do with this misguided plan.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    So I'm going to throw this one open to both witnesses. It's a tossup question. Mr. Hice of Georgia just said that because of the ACA, we have fewer doctors. Is there any substance to that? Do we have fewer doctors in this country since the enactment of the ACA?    Mr. Cartwright. That would have been a shock to me. And of course, my friend, Mr. Meadows of North Carolina, was lamenting the premium increases and he was talking about his advanced age, and I'm a bit long in the tooth myself. And I was a business owner for many years and year after year, we would have premium increases. This was long before the Affordable Care Act, you know, 20 percent and 30 percent and 35 percent in a single year. And that was tough to take. It's still tough to take. But how about either of you, can you put your finger on the ACA as the reason for annual premium increases as opposed to what went on in the world before ACA?    Mr. Cartwright. Sure.    Mr. Cartwright. Do you want to weigh in on that, Dr. Blumberg?    Mr. Cartwright. Like a market correction.    Mr. Cartwright. All right. And I don't mean to cut you off. You have long interesting answers, but we're on the clock here.    Mr. Cartwright. So we're very--we have to have short, couple of sentence answers. Not paragraph answers.    Mr. Cartwright. Your research found, and I quote, ``Rates of increase vary tremendously across States and across rating areas within States.''    The question is: Why do premium rates vary in this way?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay. And here's my question. The Affordable Care Act, has it helped facilitate increased competition that is needed to drive down the rates?    Mr. Cartwright. Now, Mr. Counihan, I want to get your answer on that as well.    Mr. Cartwright. No penalty for being a woman.    Mr. Cartwright. Now, it's also important to remember that the premium rates insurers have filed for next year, 2017, are not necessarily the rates that will be approved by State departments of insurance. Am I correct in that?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. And in fact, ACA created a rate review program to help State departments of insurance strengthen their rate review process. Is that right?    Mr. Cartwright. According to a 2015 HHS report, rate review reduced total premiums in individual small group markets by $1.5 billion.    Mr. Cartwright. Rate review process. Mr. Counihan, what other tools did the ACA provide to help consumers mitigate the effects of the premium increases?    Mr. Cartwright. You know, I was just complaining about, you know, as a business owner, what it was like to go through these every year, double-digit premium increases. I just saw a figure that premiums increased by 58 percent during the last 6 years of the Bush administration.    Have you seen that number?    Mr. Cartwright. Is that evidence that the ACA is not working?    Mr. Cartwright. Okay.    Mr. Cartwright. Yes.    Mr. Cartwright. Not only that, startup businesses in general fail for a whole spectrum of reasons. Right?    Mr. Cartwright. Now, a recent article in JAMA, the Journal of the American Medical Association, it's titled ``Reports of ObamaCare's Demise Are Greatly Exaggerated.'' It notes other large insurers like Anthem and CIGNA have, quote, ``expressed more confidence in the ACA's marketplaces as a business opportunity.'' In fact, CIGNA is even planning to expand its presence in the marketplaces.    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Counihan, what do you make of the fact that some insurers are deciding not to participate in ACA marketplaces in 2017?    Mr. Cartwright. All right. Last question, and this is the $64,000 question, Dr. Blumberg. If my Republican friends get their way and we repeal the ACA, what do you think will happen to health insurance premiums in this country?    Mr. Cartwright. Well, thank you.    I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Cartwright. Mr. Chairman, I have a unanimous consent request.    The witness was questioned about profitability and was not able to answer questions on second quarter because they won't be out until--and audited until August.    Mr. Cartwright. I request unanimous consent to put into the record a Financial Press article noting that for the first quarter, at least three ACA created CO-OPs turned Q-1 profits in Maryland, New Mexico, and Massachusetts.    Mr. Cartwright. Thank you.