    Chairman Weber. The Subcommittee on Energy will come to order.    Without objection, the Chair is authorized to declare recesses of the Subcommittee at any time.    Welcome to today's hearing titled ``A Review of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's Licensing Process,'' and I recognize myself for five minutes for an opening statement.    Good morning, Chairman Burns. Welcome. Welcome to this hearing on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's licensing process as it relates to the Department of Energy's nuclear R&D programs. Today, we're going to hear from the Honorable Stephen Burns, Chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), regarding the extent to which the NRC and the DOE may actually cooperate to enable vital nuclear energy research. Chairman Burns, we're looking forward to your testimony.    Over the next five minutes or so, I want to give you a quick overview of this Subcommittee's previous hearings that have actually led us to hold this hearing today. Last December, we heard from a startup company and an environmental institution explaining that tech companies trying to develop the next generation of nuclear technology need greater regulatory certainty to raise capital in today's market. They suggested that the DOE should use its national labs as a forum to allow private developers to carry out this work--interesting suggestion.    In May, we heard from another tech company explaining that research infrastructure to provide versatile neutron irradiation capabilities is vital for universities and the next-generation tech companies to research new materials and fuels. We also heard from the Director of DOE's Nuclear Energy Innovation Hub that the increased capabilities to model and simulate nuclear reactions will allow researchers to eliminate assumptions, which can speed up and lower the cost to develop new technologies across the board.    So what does all this mean? I'll keep it simple: we have the best engineers in the world that want to take on commercial risk and develop these next-generation technologies if we just give them the opportunity. These new technologies can do five things: number one, mitigate proliferation risk, which is important; number two, increase fuel utilization; number three, reduce waste yields; number four, achieve higher safety margins; and number five, reach higher levels of thermal efficiency.    The United States is at its best when we provide a clear path for our for our technology innovators to do what they do best: find creative solutions to the world's challenges.    So now I'll explain what we intend to discuss in today's hearing. This Committee has often found bipartisan support for the nation's open-access user facilities that provide unique capabilities for both basic and applied R&D. This is a particularly good model because the users ultimately take on whatever form of commercial risk they so choose while the government simply provides the infrastructure capability. The prospective DOE user facility we're considering today would be a fast-reactor-based neutron source. As a practical matter, the construction of such a facility will almost certainly require some form of technical assistance from the NRC, and that will be an interesting topic to explore.    Another issue, and perhaps the most challenging question for the Subcommittee, is how can the federal government can make the process simpler for entrepreneurs to conduct experiments that would enable them to translate theories for alternative reactor concepts into reality. The NRC has a regulatory process for non-power reactors, but the time required to issue a license appears to have created somewhat of a barrier to investment. So this raises a couple of important questions relevant to our discussion today. Number one, can the DOE use its authority to host private developers to conduct novel experiments advancing next-generation nuclear technology? And number two, could the NRC benefit in any way by allowing its staff to provide technical expertise and gain firsthand knowledge of such reactor experiments?    It is important that we work together to find solutions to these challenges. America cannot and must not lag behind our global competitors in this area of critical technology.    Again, we want to thank Chairman Burns for his testimony today, and we look forward to hearing from you on the NRC's role in advancing nuclear energy for our nation.    Chairman Weber. I now recognize the Ranking Member, the gentleman from Florida, for an opening statement.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Mr. Grayson, and I recognize the Chairman of the full Committee, the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Smith.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Chairman.    Our witness today is the Honorable Stephen Burns, Chairman of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Mr. Burns served as General Counsel of the NRC from May 2009 until April 2012 after having served as the NRC's Deputy General Counsel from 1998. Mr. Burns received his bachelor's degree in German magna cum laude from Colgate University and his J.D. from George Washington University. Mr. Burns, you are now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. Thank you, Chairman Burns.    You said the NRC was 40 years old in 1975?    Chairman Weber. January 1975?    Chairman Weber. Well, you don't look that old. I just want to--interestingly enough, on this day in history, in 1957, the IAEA was formed, so it's a very apropopriate date for us to have this testimony.    Chairman Burns--I'm going to recognize myself for five minutes for questions.    Chairman Burns, I believe you said that the NRC would not have jurisdiction over a DOE-owned and -operated user facility such as a proposed fast-reactor-based neutron source under consideration in this Committee. That said, if the DOE is to build this prospective facility under its own authority, my notes are saying it may require technical review from the NRC, and of course, we believe that it would, and can you elaborate on the extent to which the NRC would be able to provide that technical assistance to the DOE for such a project as this?    Chairman Weber. Well, you would be on the cutting edge or the leading edge, as it were, of watching that kind of technology develop.    You pointed out that if data collected from this facility is used to make the safety case in a future license application, the NRC would need to ensure that its Quality Assurance Program is followed. It makes sense to me that you would need to independently verify data if it's used to prove the safety for a product once it's commercial. So my question is this: Could this potential facility be helpful to the Commission for that very purpose, for verifying that physical data?    Chairman Weber. In layman's terms, if you actually watch that process unfold, understand the steps it took to get there and the verifiability of that data, then that would actually help the NRC in its role, wouldn't it?    Chairman Weber. Sure. You explained in your opening testimony, Chairman Burns, that the NRC's role in the project at a DOE site would rest on the purpose and function of the proposed project. So if I understand your testimony correctly, DOE may enable private developers to construct and operate research-oriented reactors for purposes such as proving concepts by reducing theory to reality, provided two things are true: number one, DOE would in fact have to own that experimental reactor, and number two, that experimental reactor may not be used as a basis for commercial power technologies. Can you explain how you arrived at the conclusion that if the experimental reactor itself cannot be privately owned, even if its purpose is solely to improve new technology and increase practical knowledge at a DOE site?    Chairman Weber. Sure. I got you.    Okay. Well, I'm out of time here so I'm going to yield to the gentleman from Florida.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Weber. Will the gentleman yield?    Chairman Weber. That's why we're having this hearing today.    Chairman Weber. I yield back.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Perlmutter.    Chairman Weber. Boy, how would you like to be a fly on the wall in that meeting?    The gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Hultgren, is now recognized for five minutes.    Chairman Weber. You actually have some time, Mr. Hultgren, if you'd like to follow up on the second part of that question. I think we're going to go for a second round of questioning here, if that's all right with--you don't have any questions? You're good? Okay. Well, you're out of time. But no, you have time if you want to follow up on that second question. Go ahead, take your time.    Chairman Weber. I thank the gentleman, and I do have another question that I wanted to get answered if I could, Mr. Burns, and that would be, reading through the different--you know, the different hours, if you will, the NRC has charged. Decommissioning was one of them. How many decommissioned plants do we have in the United States?    Chairman Weber. Okay. And do you get involved with the Navy's decommissioning of their different vessels?    Chairman Weber. No? Okay. Recently we had an older ship come to Galveston, where I represent, where they were dismantling it and there was a lot of talk about that, so--okay. Well, just for the record, I appreciate you all. I think that the idea of the NRC working with the DOE will give you all a leg up on watching this new technology kind of unfold, as it were, and so that when you're involved in that process, it'll actually help.    And with that, I'm going to recognize the gentleman from California--I'm sorry. The gentleman from--are you good? Okay. You don't want to violate the witness's rights anymore? Okay. Good. The gentleman from California, Mr. Rohrabacher.    Chairman Weber. All right. I thank the gentleman.    I want to thank Chairman Burns for your valuable testimony and the Members for their questions. The record will remain open for two weeks for additional comments and written questions from Members. The hearing is adjourned.