    Mr. Nugent. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And thank you, Generals, for being here today.    I have two areas of concern: one is obviously the foreign fighters as they flow back and forth from Syria and Iraq. General Breedlove was quoted, I think just recently in regards to his testimony, you know, the fact that, you know, the daily flow into Europe, you know, they are using that disguise of refugees coming in, and they are really taking advantage of that in Europe, but also possibly here in the United States.    Can you comment in regards, do we have a good handle on that or not?    General Stewart. In Europe, I am not sure that there is a great handle on how you sift through potential foreign fighters, jihadists that are coming in through this mass migration. So that is an issue, I think, there.    I am not concerned about the U.S., because of the capabilities that we have within our homeland defense. The things that we can do with the biometrics and the screening process makes it far less likely for them to just come across the border hidden within a mass wave of migrants.    So I think it is less of a challenge here. It is not a completely diminished challenge, but I think it is far less here than it is in Europe.    Mr. Nugent. But wouldn't that be the case--I mean, obviously that is true if they are coming through a point of entry in the United States----    General Stewart. Right.    Mr. Nugent . But if they are coming across an open border area, obviously we don't have the ability to do that kind of screening, correct?    General Stewart. Correct. Open borders, if they don't come through, I don't--I don't put that at the high end of my threat concern.    Mr. Nugent. Okay.    General Stewart. And let me tell you where I put my threat concern at with migrants. My threat concern with migrants are the migrants who are legitimately moving to get out of a crisis environment. They get to a nation-state, whether it is here or in Europe.    They get marginalized, they get isolated, they get dissatisfied, they feel disenfranchised, they don't have opportunity, and they become a source to be recruited and radicalized, because now they view their situation as worse now than it was in the past.    Mr. Nugent. You are seeing that, you know, in Germany and others where they are actually going and getting a one-way visa back to the country they came from, whether it is Afghanistan or Iraq or Syria, because they feel marginalized within the country they have gone to, and I get that. I mean, we see that across the board where people can be self-radicalized for whatever reason they may harbor within their hearts, but I worry about those that have the military experience, and I am sure you do too, of having served in combat.    It is a big difference between reading about it and actually doing it. So I am concerned that--it seems like that is an issue that obviously needs more discussion.    But getting to Russia in particular, I would just tell you that, you know, from the--you know, the approach that we have taken, and one of the generals that sat here and testified in front of us said, you know, we are hugging the bear. We thought that we could embrace Russia and live with them in a way that we are going to have mutual agreement. And obviously in their reaction and what they are doing in the Baltic States, what they have done in Crimea shows that that was a miscalculation.    Now, I don't know if it was a miscalculation because of our intelligence ability to let our executive branch know, or if we told them and they just didn't act. Can you give me some--as we relate to the State Department back and forth?    General Stewart. I think maybe some of this is a little bit of revisionist history----    Mr. Nugent. Okay.    General Stewart . To be quite honest. Russia--Russia is carrying out and acting today in the same way that a nation-state----    Mr. Nugent. Well, I agree, but did we not try to take a different approach with Russia? As one of the generals that sat here and spoke about it, we were trying to hug the bear.    General Stewart. Absolutely.    Mr. Nugent. We were trying to get them to--we thought we----    General Stewart. And wouldn't that have been a----    Mr. Nugent . Had a different reset.    General Stewart. Wouldn't that have been a positive thing to do----    Mr. Nugent. Oh, absolutely, but----    General Stewart . If we could have gotten the Russians to----    Mr. Nugent . But did we honestly--did they have the intel to give them the proper perspective to know that, hey, listen, that may or may not happen? That is all I am asking.    General Stewart. I think we had a pretty good sense that Russia would act in its interests, that Russia would be concerned about being encircled and isolated by Western forces, that Russia would revert back to thinking--going back to czarist time about their role in the European continent. So all of that was available for folks to look at.    The approach that we took, whether it is to try to get Russia to act in a more responsible way within the international community, I don't know that any of us could have predicted that Vladimir Putin would come to power and would change that trajectory that was set by those leaders who preceded him. So it always looks better in retrospect----    Mr. Nugent. Always.    General Stewart . But I certainly think the policy of trying to get Russia to act in a different way than it had, in the competitive way that it had acted over the last previous 50 years, was probably a positive thing.    Mr. Nugent. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate it and I yield back. Thank you, General.    The Chairman. Mr. Ashford.