    Dr. Beckham. Thank you. Well, good morning, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the House Committee on Agriculture.    My name is Tammy Beckham, and I am the Dean of the College of Veterinary Medicine at Kansas State University. I want to thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today regarding the importance of American agriculture and its relationship to U.S. national security.    So as we have heard, the U.S. agricultural sector is very diverse, it is complex, and it is a highly integrated enterprise whose health and productivity is vital to the national and global economy, the safety and security of our food systems, and ultimately the health and safety of the public health sector.    U.S. agricultural enterprise is a $1 trillion business, the largest exporter of food, and employs approximately 9.2 percent of American workers. And as I testify before you today, U.S. citizens reap the benefits of a robust agricultural industry that provides them with access to safe, abundant, and affordable food. U.S. consumers spend on average only 6.4 percent of their annual expenditures on food, and if you compare and contrast this to the 11 to 47 percent globally, the robustness and productivity of our agricultural enterprise becomes readily apparent.    This is indeed a privilege that, as you well know, does not exist globally. There are currently 870 million people around the world that do not have access to safe and nutritious food in a sufficient supply, and by the year 2050, the global population is expected to exceed nine billion people. The very elements that make the U.S. agricultural system robust and productive are also the same ones that make it vulnerable to a natural or intentional introduction of a biological agent.    The U.S. agriculture and public health systems, while free from devastating diseases such as Foot and Mouth Disease, African Swine Fever, and Rift Valley Fever, as well as other highly pathogenic livestock diseases, emerging, and zoonotic diseases, are increasingly becoming a risk for an introduction of these pathogens. It has been estimated that over 75 percent of all emerging pathogens are zoonotic, and that zoonotic pathogens are twice as likely to be associated with an emerging disease than non-zoonotic pathogens. The impact from these diseases can lead to devastating economic and public health implications. A study that was recently completed by Kansas State University researchers predicted that costs associated with Foot and Mouth Disease outbreak in the Midwest U.S. and in the cattle industry could result in a total of $188 billion in losses to the livestock industries. In addition, we recently learned firsthand from Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus, or PEDv, high-path AI, just how significant these disruptions to our economy can be.    All these things said, it probably wasn't until the 2014 Ebola virus disease outbreak in the U.S. that our nation's gap in preparedness for an emerging and zoonotic disease were fully realized. We lacked licensed medical countermeasures, the scientific knowledge about Ebola virus disease in animals and livestock, and a trained workforce that was able to handle these types of diseases and knew what to do. And simply said, during this outbreak, the meaning of the term One Health took on new significance.    In order to mitigate the threats and vulnerabilities, and protect U.S. agricultural enterprise and our international markets, we must act immediately to address these gaps in biodefense. Despite a large amount of progress since 2001, the nation is still woefully under-prepared, and a coordinated and comprehensive biodefense program is lacking. Success in addressing the gaps will be heavily dependent on an organized, strategic, and well-funded approach, and this approach should institutionalize the One Health concept. It should be highly collaborative in nature, it should leverage all available resources, and encompass an international and global health component. We cannot ensure political stability abroad without addressing global disease issues and food insecurity at the international level. This will require strong U.S. leadership and engagement through initiatives such as a global health security agenda.    Coordination of a true One Health approach to biodefense has not materialized. Nowhere is this more highly visible than in the stark contrast between human and animal biodefense funding. During Fiscal Year 2014, 61 percent of Federal funding for biodefense was allocated to the Department of Health and Human Services, but by comparison, one percent of the Federal Government funding was allocated to the USDA for agricultural biodefense. If the nation is to establish a robust biodefense strategy that includes the commitment to institutionalize the One Health concept, funding levels must be increased to the agricultural sector, and they must be strategically utilized.    The U.S. agricultural sector is critically important and intimately linked to national security in the U.S. Simply stated, U.S. ag security is national security. At this moment, it is critically important that the U.S. Government and its private partners come together and work to add both a sense of urgency and direction to the nation's biodefense preparedness efforts. Appointing a central office and council that could be responsible for developing and implementing a more coordinated, cohesive, and collaborative national biodefense strategy would be a large step in this direction. Furthermore, a leader or council that could assemble a robust team of Federal and industry partners could help lower barriers that prevent our ability to truly implement the One Health initiative. Barriers to the One Health initiative could be overcome with time, collaboration, interdisciplinary programs and budgets to support and incentivize working together to prepare our nation for the next emerging disease event. Indeed, the One Health concept must be understood, adopted, and become part of the fabric of the way we approach biodefense.    And finally, Chairman Conaway, Ranking Member Peterson, and Members of the House Committee on Agriculture, I want to thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today regarding the importance of agriculture to national security, and I look forward to your questions. Thank you.    Dr. Beckham. I would just say that, yes, absolutely, it is incredibly important when working internationally that we utilize agriculture to develop relationships. It helps us work to develop those relationships, understanding what is going on, on the ground, and developing those relationships helps us gather intelligence of the diseases that are out there, obviously, that could come to the U.S.    I know the USDA Foreign Agricultural Service and APHIS do work a lot internationally, as well as universities are spending a lot of time internationally training folks on protecting their animals from diseases, and many of the zoonotic diseases as well. But education and extension and helping folks set up and understand how those diseases are affecting their populations are critically important for us to maintain our national security, but also for us to help folks on an international level. So I would agree.    Dr. Beckham. So I would agree with you. If you take a look at the funding that goes to agriculture, and one of the things that I pointed out, that there was a large discrepancy between the ag biodefense funding; between the biodefense funding that goes to HHS and that the monies go to ag, we really struggle to have the means available to us to develop countermeasures to combat things, like Foot and Mouth Disease, African Swine Fever, which is an emerging disease, we saw what PEDv did to the swine industry. Just having the ability to be flexible enough and to rapidly move with resources to address those issues, to implement robust biosurveillance capabilities, the IT infrastructure to support that, to incentivize our producers. We need resources to address all of those types of things and all of those countermeasures.    I believe that having a budget, as small as it is, to address developing vaccines, to incentivize our public partners, our private partners to address those, to take on that vaccine production that clearly has no market here in the U.S., those are the types of things that we are going to have to address. And that is going to require more resources to go toward agricultural research.    The same thing with Ebola virus. When the virus came into the country back in 2014, we had a companion animal that was potentially exposed, and we had no idea what the result of that was going to be and how we were going to handle that, and we had no medical countermeasures to address that for animals as well. So we need to increase our research. I pointed out the One Health component. That is critically important because most of these diseases are zoonotic and we need to be able to address that, and we need to be able to develop countermeasures that are effective to stamp it out in the animal population before it gets to the human population.    And so we are in desperate need of additional resources on the agricultural side. Thanks.    Dr. Beckham. Thank you. So it is a complex question, and I would say that we do a lot to educate our veterinarians on the role that they play in responding to these outbreaks. I don't think that we are doing enough to continue that education out in the field. We have limited resources. We have right now, obviously, the foreign animal disease diagnostic course that is taught at Plum Island. We can send folks up to that to get trained on what these diseases look like, we can send them up and get them trained on how to collect samples and how to get testing done, but we don't do a really good job of providing continuing education out in the long-run for our veterinarians in the field so that they know what to do and how to handle these diseases when they get out there. We need to do that more broadly. And that is with our first responders as well, we need to be educating them either on the foreign animal disease or on the zoonotic disease side.    Obviously, in the educational system and in veterinarian schools, we do educate them on what these diseases look like, that is part of the curriculum, but again, we can do more on that end, and we can do more, more broadly for the first responders.    Dr. Beckham. We do work with--go ahead, sorry.    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Mr. King.--and that is not the impact on the industry expense, just taxpayer expense. Your projected potential liability for a Foot and Mouth Disease outbreak, which I understood to be for the United States, $188 billion in your testimony?    Dr. Beckham. For the Midwest.    Dr. Beckham. Right.    Dr. Beckham. So obviously, that impact comes from the number of animals that you have to stamp out or put down or depopulate. It also comes from the inability of sectors to move their products and their animals. And we know that with, for instance, the swine industry, they are very integrated, they need to be able to move animals and animal products. So that is where you see those types of numbers start to build up, and that is the impact to the industries, and you well know this.    As far as being able to do traceability, obviously, during any kind of disease outbreak, you have to be able to quickly do trace forwards and trace backs, understand where those animals have come from and where they are going to. And the only way that you are going to be able to do that is have robust records that don't take you days in a state animal health official's office to flip through boxes to get to that. So we need some sort of system, much like what the swine industry has implemented, the premise ID system, that can reduce that number of days to get back to movements of animals and animal products.    Dr. Beckham. Sure. So USDA, APHIS does have detailees that are at the CDC and that work in the zoonotic disease branch there, and during the Ebola virus outbreak it worked very well. There was a lot of communication between the USDA and the CDC, and they really quickly assembled a team to help us handle and put together procedures for handling animals that could be exposed. So we worked very well because we had to work across the human-animal interface.    Having said that, we were assembling those teams pretty much with the help of AVMA on the fly, and so although it worked well, all too often we are very reactive, and putting something in place that is more of a structure around creating a joint team that is working on the preparedness side and not necessarily reactive would be good. That is going to require that the human health component see the animal health component as just as important, and that is going to require that there is some oversight that incentivizes folks to start developing policies and procedures, and doing research, interdisciplinary research. There are really critical challenges that we in the animal world need to be working with our human counterparts to address before they happen, not after they happen. So since the Ebola virus outbreak, there is research going on more----    Dr. Beckham.--probably more research will come from that.    Mr. Gibbs.--coordination issue to make sure that our human and animal diseases scientists know the importance of what can happen on the animal side----    Dr. Beckham. Right.    Mr. Gibbs.--and that interaction. So that might take some leadership from Congress.    Dr. Beckham. Right. Some incentivization.    Dr. Beckham. Well, I can address it from the animal disease perspective, because that is a serious threat to our food supply.    So looking at areas of the world that have a lot of instability, and where the diseases that we are most concerned about are occurring, I mean you would have to take a look at the Middle East, you would have to take a look at Southeast Asia. Those are all areas, especially the Middle East, where you are seeing a lot of Foot and Mouth Disease moving across borders. You see a lot of African Swine Fever that is an emerging disease that is threatening Europe right now. If you take a look at how animals move in those regions, obviously, again, no borders----    Dr. Beckham. No.    Dr. Beckham. Obviously, data confidentiality is incredibly important to our industries, and I would caution them against that.    I think it has been one of the things that has hampered biosurveillance in this country. There needs to be a way that we can move forward with a robust biosurveillance program, but at the same time, we need to be able to protect the data confidentiality of our industries, and we need to assure them that we can do that. And that is going to be a difficult road, going forward, but it is one that can be done if we work with the industries closely and build it from the ground up with the industries themselves. They more than anybody want to protect their animals against disease, and again, working from the ground up with them to develop a system that perhaps is not housed within the U.S. Government, but maybe housed somewhere else, where you could ensure them the protection from FOIA and the protection from those data leaks, are going to be critically important.    There are some projects underway now that are looking at different ways of doing that, and they should be continued to be funded and supported, and they should continue to work closely with the industries as they are doing right now.    Dr. Beckham. So I don't think we are failing. I think we have made a lot of progress since 2001, and the USDA and Department of Homeland Security in the ag area, especially for livestock, have worked to make significant progress, that we just weren't there in 2001. So I don't think that we are failing. I think that we need to build on what we have done, and we need to more closely integrate ourselves with the public health sector, because I am bringing that back to the One Health. Obviously, Foot and Mouth is a huge concern, and it would not be hard to do. And we have made significant progress. We have the first vaccine that has been licensed that you can make within the United States, and so that is great, but we have that vaccine for one serotype. And while there has been additional research and there has been more vaccines for additional serotypes in the queue, again, we are still lagging behind on moving that innovation forward for just that disease. But then you take a look at ASF, PEDv, AI, all the other threats to the industry, so we are still lagging behind in that. Not to mention the biosurveillance that I talked about before. The integrated biosurveillance system is going to be critically important to help us get a leg-up on that early detection. Obviously, the faster you can detect something like that if it is introduced into a feedlot, the faster you are going to be able to control it. That is going to be really important. That is going to require additional funding to the National Animal Health Laboratory Network. It is going to require additional funding into the biosurveillance programs that I have talked about. And so in some of those areas we are not failing so much as we just need a more coordinated approach, and we need more resources to go in to getting us there faster, because it inevitably will happen. I mean we have been free from FMD since 1929. Not hard to introduce it. It is in all the areas that we just previously talked about. We prepare ourselves for both the natural and the intentional introduction, and we have to look at it from both perspectives, right, so we are preparing ourselves for both. We have built bio-forensics capabilities in the country for attribution, should we need that.    Again, we are not failing. I think we could do more, but we certainly are not failing.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Ms. Adams, 5 minutes.    Dr. Beckham. Okay. So, yes, you are right, avian influenza took an impact. It may take an impact on the turkeys we have at Thanksgiving this year as well.    The things that we can do, biosurveillance, I am going to go back to it, having a robust biosurveillance system, a robust early detection system, investing in the National Animal Health Laboratory Network, coordinating better with our public health sector, investing in more vaccine and research on the upfront end so that we are not reactive but we are proactive, training our first responders, coordinating with our state and local entities. Doing all of those types of things are going to help us better prepare. The earlier we detect it, the better we are going to be able to control it, and the faster we are going to be able to get it under control. And so doing all of those things will help us do that, and that is just absolutely where we have to continue to go.    Dr. Beckham. I can speak to opportunities with livestock diseases. I know that there are opportunities in funding, opportunities for those colleges to invest and work within the system, to do research for vaccines, do youth educational training opportunities, to train first responders, K through 12 programs as well. So there are plenty of those types of opportunities out there. And when I was at Texas A&M, we did partner quite a bit to do that type of research with partners from 1890 universities.    Dr. Beckham. Okay, as you know, we have the North American Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccine Bank, in which we host here within the U.S., and we have antigen concentrates in that vaccine bank. If we were to have to deploy that, obviously, there is a process; you would have to detect Foot and Mouth, you would have to identify what the serotype of the Foot and Mouth Disease is because the vaccines are specific for each serotype. Once that has been done at Plum Island, then the Secretary of Agriculture has to activate the North American Foot and Mouth Disease Vaccine Bank. That antigen is then shipped over to Europe, prepared into a vaccine, and then shipped back. So we are talking within 3 to 5 days of a confirmation would we be ready to deploy vaccine. It could be more along the lines of the 5 days.    Recently, I am also aware that USDA has moved to get access to supplies that are already prepared, and they are doing the safety testing on those vaccines as well so that they would be readily available, there wouldn't be a need to ship the antigen across the ocean to get it prepared into vaccine. And so there has been some of that movement as well. So DHHS, in coordination with USDA, are looking at different methods to have vaccine more readily available in a quicker fashion. Again, some of that is how quick you detect it and then how fast you confirm what it is, and you can serotype it and then get moving on the bank.    Dr. Beckham. I don't think I can answer why because, obviously, I am not involved in the budget preparation and so forth. I, obviously, think there needs to be a hard look at that. And again, I take it back to that institutionalization of One Health concept about how you can incentivize those two agencies to work closer together, and to develop medical countermeasures for the zoonotic diseases.    Dr. Beckham. And in order to do that, I believe that you are going to have to have funding to incentivize more interdisciplinary and multidisciplinary teams.    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Mr. Abraham.--hope never happens----    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Mr. Abraham.--what can we do as legislators to somewhat open the eyes of Congress to send more money to the USDA and their prevention program? Is there any program, anything we can jump on board with?    Dr. Beckham. I think there could be a better centralized coordination approach, perhaps an appointment of someone that is over biodefense specifically that coordinates within an interagency group to start putting objectives and putting metrics in place. Then also funding increases or funding that is generically out there that incentivizes research that is done in a multidisciplinary fashion so that funding just doesn't go to one agency, and then there is no crosstalk between DHHS and USDA, but that there is funding out there that is available for common grants, whether it is in academia, USDA or DHHS, to address those in a more multidisciplinary fashion, but the fashion has to go for the multidisciplinary approach.    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Mr. Abraham.--as far as prevention, what would you say?    Dr. Beckham. It is broad. What would I do for farmers for prevention? I believe educational opportunities in biosecurity, continuing to develop the business continuity planning efforts and explaining to them why it is important for them to participate in that, and the biosurveillance. I go back to all of those things. The biosurveillance, education for our farmers on the importance of biosecurity. While, obviously, the larger companies understand that, there are still large gaps in biosecurity, and even though we have business continuity planning efforts underway for the industries, and some of them have already been developed, they have not been implemented. And so that is a bigger problem is how you implement those business continuity planning efforts. Those types of activities within the industry itself will help get them better prepared. And then the other thing is involving them in decision-making, and making sure they are at the table. Talking about biosurveillance, working with the industries themselves. They want to participate, they want to be protected, but how can we do that and protect their data, how can we do that and protect their confidentiality, what does that look like. And so this is a role that academia has played recently, is kind of being the go-between between the industries themselves and the Federal Government. And in some ways that has worked really well because the industries are more likely to trust the land-grant universities. And when I was at Texas A&M, we actually worked on a biosurveillance project where we worked closely with the industries themselves and we were starting to get very good reporting from veterinarians and the industries, and they wanted to participate because they see the value in being able to use that data along with the business continuity planning data to allow them to move during a disease outbreak. And so if we can continue to educate and if we can continue to work with the industries one-on-one, and assure them that we want to work with them and protect their data and educate them, those are the things that will really help them in the middle of a disease outbreak.    Dr. Beckham. So we have to rely on strong scientific evidence that is either gathered from folks working on the international level. I know specifically what you are referring to. Obviously, risk analysis before importing any type of beef into the United States should be done. It should be a robust risk analysis based on scientific evidence. Industries need to play a role in that. And so all of those types of things need to occur.    We do work within the OIE, the World Organisation for Animal Health. And in that structure there is reporting requirements for notifiable diseases such as Foot and Mouth Disease. But you are absolutely correct, I mean one missed step in that and one introduction and we are going to lose an industry or a significant part of an industry.    So going back, it would be good for us to be able to expand to work with our international partners and develop relationships, to expand our biosurveillance outside of the U.S., which we talked about. The risk analyses, coming back to that, have to be very robust. Even though we do have a system here in the U.S., I wouldn't exactly yet call it robust.    Mr. Beckham. I would say there is work still to do in the biosurveillance part. And so we do have a lot of work to do. And yes, it is a risk, and yes, we have to hold accountable the strong scientific evidence behind the risk analysis.    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--and I appreciate your caution about my statement that we have a robust system. In comparison to what I think our reliance----    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--and security levels are around the world, I would maybe say that my comments aren't so off-base. I am----    Dr. Beckham. Right.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--happy to congratulate any of our----    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Ms. Lujan Grisham.--government partners, but I appreciate your statement that we should be doing more, but I can't imagine you don't have our support to do as much as you need to be doing. I have no trouble with the way in which we use public health measures and epidemiology and scientific evidence to identify, treat, and prevent the occurrences, and certainly the spread, but what are we doing that creates accountability? I am not suggesting that we don't know what those other countries should do, but how do we hold them accountable? What can Congress do to make sure that that accountability is occurring more than identifying these are the strategies that we expect all these other countries--and if it is just a check, we did all these things, what are we doing, and what can we do to assure that there is real accountability in a global marketplace?    Dr. Beckham. Again, we have to continue to work through our delegate, the USDA, with OIE and the World Trade Organization. Again, going back to the risk analysis, holding them accountable, and if they are not adhering to the standards, that we are able to verify those standards. It would be incredibly----    Dr. Beckham. One Health is the idea that human health, animal health, and environmental health are inextricably linked. And this is true. Obviously, you see the food supply directly impacting human health, disease impacting human health. A lot of the diseases, again, come from animals. So the concept of One Health is that working together across the disciplines, across the boundaries, that we are able to address the critical challenges that face us today globally. And so that is the idea behind One Health.    One Health has been around for a very long time, but the term most recently has started to gather more and more momentum. I think as we saw, like I said, during the Ebola virus outbreak, we knew we had a One Health issue, but all too often sometimes, again, the human health side, obviously, as it should, takes precedence. But there will be one day when we are going to have an outbreak, and it is going to be very severe in livestock or wildlife, and humans, and we are going to have to look at how we address these things more from a holistic point of view, because in today's world I don't believe that we can just silo ourselves off and not address our issues and our challenges from a more holistic point of view.    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Mr. Benishek.--besides that, what else do you have to say?    Dr. Beckham. I think having a council or a core panel that could coordinate biodefense activities across agencies, but that would also reach out to our industry partners and our stakeholders and bring people together to start looking at multidisciplinary ways of addressing the challenges----    Dr. Beckham. No.    Dr. Beckham. No, I would agree with that. I think we are in a privileged position, and we are doing a good job of securing the food system. I think we have, like I said, there is probably more we can do, but----    Dr. Beckham. Keep up----    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    Dr. Beckham. Sure. And let me say, I want to come back to we have made a significant amount of progress.    Dr. Beckham. We have the National Animal Health Laboratory Network, we have the USDA supporting that network, DHHS supporting, that we have developed new diagnostic technologies. But what can we do? So early detection is always the key. So continuing to support the known and supporting the known to a higher level. In my testimony I pointed out what the LRN funding is as opposed to the National Animal Health Laboratory Network funding. And if you take a look at how those labs operate, I mean we are key to seeing any zoonotic diseases coming through those labs at any one point in time. So definitely enhancing the funding to the National Animal Health Laboratory Network. Biosurveillance, I come back to it, biosurveillance, robust biosurveillance depends on obviously the ability to get first responders involved, veterinarians out in the field collecting information, but it also depends on the ability to protect the data of the industry. And until we can do that, we are not going to have the robust biosurveillance system that we need.    That biosurveillance system consists of veterinarians out in the field collecting information. We have it in more near real-time. We are beginning to develop mobile applications that can come back to a centralized location so you can take a look at anomalies in animal health. Continuing to work with USDA and DHHS. That is actually a DHHS-funded project, but it is in very strong partnership with USDA. I think that particular area, again, enhancing the known, having the countermeasures on the front side, all of those are things that we can do to ensure that we are----    Dr. Beckham. Well, there are some projects out there. Obviously, the swine industry has the premises ID and that is really helpful for being able to take a look at where animals are moving and so forth. And so we worked very closely, actually, when I was at Texas A&M, with the swine industry to develop a biosurveillance system that is based on the prem ID and the movement of swine.    The other industries, it is going to be a little bit more challenging, but looking at DHHS, again, has funded a project in biosurveillance where you can look at unique identifier, and as long as that data can be maintained confidentially and it is not subject to FOIA, those are things that we can work with the industries to move forward.    If you ask right now how several states are doing it, a lot of it is paper-only, but I will say USDA recently invested, and with the State Animal Health Officials Offices in several different states, on a system that they deployed to hold a lot of their animal health----    Dr. Beckham. Absolutely.    Dr. Beckham. Right. I have heard some state vets, and this was a while back, this is not recently. Again, I want to point out USDA has invested in a system, and they are in the process that has been deployed out into the states where they can actually have animal health information in those states collected into that system, and it is called USA Herds, and then there is another one out there----    Dr. Beckham. So we have to get more real-time, and we have to take advantage of the technologies, but most of all, we have to be able to incentivize the industry to utilize those systems. And the way that we are going to incentivize the industry is to give them something back. We can't just take, take, take, we have to give back. We have to give them back something that helps them in their production, and we have to ensure them that we are going to protect that data.    Mr. Negroponte.--food is lost in many parts of the world because of wastage during the time that it is getting from the point of origin to the market. They estimate something like 30 percent. So the development of efficient supply chains around the world is another area where American knowledge and expertise can be brought to bear and help these countries out.    Dr. Beckham. So I would agree, and I would say, going back to the science and technology, that eventually, based on the science, that the truth will win out. And we have to have that scientific evidence, obviously, that it is safe.    I think the other way is through international training and helping people become more efficient, and looking at more of the global perspective. I think we have to take a look at that. I mean if you take a look also about Foot and Mouth Disease really drops production in animals, but yet abroad they don't allow recombinant vaccines to be utilized. And so how do we turn that table to allow the use of new technologies and new innovations abroad to help us control some of these more devastating diseases that drop milk production and that drop production in animals. So those are things that over time, when we have to feed nine billion people, are going to come to the forefront, and the world as a whole, working with OIE, again, I come back to working with our international partners and the World Organisation for Animal Health, to get the truth out about genetically modified recombinant vaccines and production, and so that we can begin to educate and train and use these innovations to increase our food supply.    Dr. Beckham. No, I am sorry.    Dr. Beckham. Absolutely critical. Absolutely. So I would say that having a robust extension system out that could help talk about things and help with workforce development, that could help do training in biosecurity, that can help talk about the business continuity plans that have been developed, that can help talk about the new veterinary feed directives, and all of those types of items with our producers, being on the frontline. Ag extension is so incredibly important, and we should support that more across the U.S. Obviously, in Texas there is a very robust ag extension program, and I would like to see that ag extension program come back nationally, and that there be more boots on the ground interfacing with our producers. That is where the land-grant universities play a role. That is what a land-grant mission is. We should be taking the knowledge that is in the research side of the land-grant and getting that out to our producers, and that will help us have a more safe, secure food supply if we do that.    Dr. Beckham. It would be very difficult to control if it gets into the feral hog population. With over four million feral hogs probably in the State of Texas, it would be a nightmare with the interface that we have between feral hogs and several of our farms and production systems. So----    The Chairman. Can----    Dr. Beckham.--that is where biosecurity becomes really important.    The Chairman. Yes. What do you think our trading partners, what would their reaction be to an outbreak with respect to cattle and beef----    Dr. Beckham. Yes.    The Chairman.--that weren't necessarily affected, but just the threat of if we had the outbreak in the feral hog population, what do you think our trading partners' reactions would be?    Dr. Beckham. I think they would obviously look to the U.S., but close doors on trade for a period of time until you could demonstrate the domestic animal population was free, and that would be a very difficult road.    The Chairman. All right, guys. Both of you, the time that is left, talk to us about how a safe food supply fits into overall U.S. national security, just to kind of hammer that one more time. Ambassador first.    Dr. Beckham. And I would just reiterate that and say, obviously, agriculture is just absolutely critical to our food supply and our national security, and the things that we have to do to continue to address that include everything from investing in the One Health concept, biosurveillance, working really closely with our industries. I think that one is probably one of the most important ones, is that we really work closely with them to figure out what their needs are, to help them to help us understand how they do business, how they move animals, where they move animals, and how we can help them continue to do those things in the event that we do have a disease incursion of some sort.    The Chairman. Dr. Beckham, you have mentioned the One Health initiative, One Health concept several times. Would you walk us through that?    Dr. Beckham. Okay. Well, as stated earlier, the One Health concept has been around for quite some time, and it is just a concept that animal health, human health, environmental health are linked. So whether it is with diseases or with a toxin, or with some other agent, or just in general, we all have to inhabit this planet together, and so we have to understand that whatever happens with animal health affects our food supply, diseases that can jump from animals to humans, it is all a One Health concept. We have to begin to approach critical challenges that affect us today in a more comprehensive way. So we can't just look at things in a silo. USDA can't be working on a vaccine for Rift Valley Fever and so can somebody with HHS, with no concept of what each other is doing and direction, because then we are duplicating funding efforts and we are not working in the same direction. Not saying that is happening, but I am saying those types of things don't lead us to really take a holistic approach as to the One Health. So what does a disease look like in animals, is it able to hop over to humans, can we develop animal models of human diseases like cancer. So all of that is the One Health concept. And really starting the institutionalize it, again, the concept has been around for a very, very long time, but it is really hard to get momentum behind that without some equalization of funding and some larger body that is incentivizing that One Health approach to our greater challenges.    The Chairman. Or some monster crisis.    Dr. Beckham. Right. Which we don't want to be reactive, we want to be proactive.    The Chairman. Well, I want to thank both of our witnesses. Today's hearing was entitled, American Agriculture and Our National Security, but I want to thank both of you. This is the inaugural event for this issue. We are going to continue to explore this thing over time, and to continue to help broaden the narrative that agriculture weaves its way through almost every aspect of national security and world security, starting with Kika de la Garza's famous quote, ``If we can't feed them on submarines, then they are not going to be able to fight.'' Through everything, infrastructure, the impact that threats to infrastructure has on agriculture, whether it is shipping lanes or domestic infrastructure, the various biodefenses and biosurveillances, everything that goes on, to people going into a restaurant or at the grocery store buying something, they automatically assume it is safe. You don't ever question that. That confidence we have in the current system could be shaken dramatically if we are not careful, and the impact that strong ag economies have on every nation, the prosperity created by strong agriculture is a good offensive weapon against every aspect of peoples' lives, where they don't have jobs and they can't provide for themselves, is impacted positively by strong production agriculture in every nation. So, Ambassador, thank you. Dr. Beckham, thank you very much and bless you, for being here with us this morning.    And as I said, we will continue this narrative about how production agriculture weaves into the broader security issues across this world as we move forward, and helping to create some sort of grand strategy approach to looking at all of these issues.    Under the rules of the Committee, the record of today's hearing will remain open for 10 calendar days to receive additional material and supplemental written responses from the witnesses to any questions posed by a Member.    This hearing of the Committee on Agriculture is adjourned. Thank you.