    Mr. Van Diepen. Thank you, Chairman Hurd and Chairman Ratcliffe, Ranking Members Kelly and Richmond, and members of the committees, for the opportunity to talk today about export control efforts in the challenging new area of cyber tools. As we've heard from you all, we hear almost daily about malicious cyber activities that disrupt businesses, compromise privacy, or threaten national security.    Congress itself has also recognized the overall cybersecurity threat in legislation. The 2014 National Defense Authorization Act required developing an integrated policy to control the proliferation of what it termed ``cyber weapons,'' including through multilateral enforcement activities and diplomatic engagement. To be most effective, export controls should be multilateral. The Wassenaar Arrangement has the responsibility for multilateral national security export controls on dual-use items not related to weapons of mass destruction, such as cyber tools. This 41-country regime was established in 1996 to contribute to regional and international security and stability by promoting transparency and greater responsibility in transfers of conventional arms and related dual-use goods and technologies, thus preventing destabilizing accumulations.    Upholding our international export control commitments is central to our ability to get other countries to uphold theirs, not just in Wassenaar, but in the nuclear, chemical, biological, and missile control regimes as well. Because these same cyber tools can also be used for beneficial purposes, such as identifying vulnerabilities and improving cybersecurity, we need to strike the appropriate balance in implementing such controls to promote national security objectives, while making sure that the controls' benefits clearly exceed any commercial or national security costs.    Recognizing the challenge in implementing the cyber control, the U.S. Government took the uncommon step of going through a public notice and comment process. The comments were instructive. And we take them very seriously. It is clear from the comments received that the first version of the proposed U.S. rule to implement the Wassenaar control missed the mark. And the interagency continues to work through the concerns raised.    Fortunately, the cyber control is included on the least sensitive portion of the Wassenaar list. This provides us with substantial flexibilities we can employ in the process of implementing that control nationally, just as most other Wassenaar members have done in already having implemented the cyber control for over a year without apparent controversy.    We appreciate your committee's interest in this issue. And we are committed to working closely with all the other stakeholders in the interagency, as well as industry, and the other relevant external stakeholders, to seek a balanced way forward that meets our important policy objectives while addressing the concerns raised. Thank you.    Mr. Van Diepen. Well, Congresswoman, again, we're still, as an administration, working through the comments and then the various options we have for mitigating the problems and then consulting with industry. I think one of the things we'll do as part of that is consult with the Wassenaar, or the 31-plus Wassenaar countries that have already been implementing this control for a year without apparent controversy to find out from them well, what has their experience been? Once we sort of, you know, canalize the comments, how do you guys deal with issues like this and get from them ideas that could help us?    Mr. Van Diepen. If at the end of the day, we think that we need to try to renegotiate the control, you know, then, at that point, you know, it's a diplomatic discussion amongst 41 countries. And as noted, at the end of the day, any change will require consensus. All of them would have to agree. And for a number of them, and, presumably, their starting point is going to be, Well, wait a minute, we've been implementing this control for a year plus. We haven't had any problems. Why are you guys having problems? And so we'll have to have that kind of discussion going--going back and forth. But at the end of the day, it would require us to be able to convince the other countries to go along with some sort of modification.    Mr. Van Diepen. I am the Deputy Assistant Secretary supervising Ms. Ganzer's office. So among other things, would have approved the interagency guidance cable that set out the parameters of what proposals we could and could not agree to in the Wassenaar----    Mr. Van Diepen. Congressman, I'm not sure it necessarily ends up being a weight issue. Again, we are going to have to determine----    Mr. Van Diepen. Absolutely, Congressman. And what I was trying to just say is the first instance will be, do we think we can come up with a U.S. method of implementation of the Wassenaar rule that is satisfactory? If that's the case, we have the entire unilateral national discretion to implement it that way, and no one else can gainsay us. So that would be a problem.    Mr. Van Diepen. I certainly understand your statement, Congressman. Again, I think our responsibility is to work hard and find the best solution that both gives us some ability to address the security concerns we're trying to address while avoiding these unintended consequences.    Mr. Van Diepen. I don't believe so, Congressman. Everything on the Wassenaar dual-use list, as well as most of the things in category 2, the missile technology and control regime annex, the entire nuclear suppliers' group dual-use list, and the entire Australia group's chemical biological list are dual-use items. These are things that, again, can inherently be used, both for good purposes and bad purposes.    And these have always included not only physical items, but software of various types. So there's a long, experienced, and multilateral export controls of being able to properly specify and properly control dual-use things, including dual-use software. And so, I--again, I think that, you know, our responsibility is to do our best to see if we can appropriately apply that expertise in this instance.    Mr. Van Diepen. Congressman, I think the genesis of your statement comes from the factors for consideration that Wassenaar uses in judging items. And these are factors for consideration. It's not a checklist that every item must absolutely fulfill each and every one of the things. But we have to look at each of those things and decide whether the benefits or the control outweigh the--the costs or the difficulties of the control.    So, for example, in the Australia group, we're controlling biological pathogens, many of which you can dig out of your own backyard. So there's ubiquitous foreign availability, but it's believed, and we've got a very solid track record, that it's been very advantageous to U.S. security to be able to maintain export controls on those items multilaterally with our partners.    Mr. Van Diepen. And, again, for over 25 years, we've controlled, multilaterally, a whole host of different types of software. And even recognizing the inherent challenges of software export controls, it has been felt that we've been able to craft controls where the benefits outweigh the costs. And, again, I would also point to the biological case, where, again, you're talking about individual cells. If you have two of them, they can self-replicate, so it's not all that different from cyber export controls, and yet, again, it has been felt that it has been advantageous for us to have those types of export controls.    Mr. Van Diepen. Respectively, sir, that does not correctly characterize my views. I care very much. I am a United States Government employee. I care about what the United States----    Mr. Van Diepen. The kinds of issues that have been raised here are generic. They don't uniquely affect the United States. And so to find out how other countries----    Mr. Van Diepen. Unclear, and it's not clear----    Mr. Van Diepen. Well, I think, irrespective of the answer to that, all those countries are customers of these people, and information would have to go through----    Mr. Van Diepen. --and they would have to be licensed----    Mr. Van Diepen. Which is exactly why we are consulting with them.    Mr. Van Diepen. On the rule, yes, ma'am.