    Mr. Miller. Well, good morning, Mr. Chairman and members of the committee. Thank you for holding this important oversight hearing on empowering state management of greater sage grouse. My name is Dustin Miller, and I am the Administrator for Idaho Governor C.L. Butch Otter's Office of Species Conservation, an agency charged with balancing the conservation and recovery of federally listed and candidate species with the economic vitality of the state. It sure is a pleasure to be here before you this morning.    In Idaho, we are blessed with abundant natural resources, which is why we take conservation over fish and wildlife populations very seriously. People in our state care deeply about these issues and have a certain tenacity to roll up their sleeves and develop grass-roots, proactive solutions to complex natural resource issues; and that is exactly what Idahoans have been doing on the greater sage grouse front.    In 2011, then-Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar invited 11 western states to partner with the Federal Government and develop state-based conservation plans to preclude the need to list greater sage grouse under the Endangered Species Act. In March of 2012, Governor Otter took the Secretary up on his offer, and created an executive task force charged with developing recommendations on actions needed to accomplish this goal.    The Governor's sage grouse task force was comprised of a diverse group of stakeholders, advised predominantly by our local sage grouse experts and policy advisors. This group worked diligently under a compressed time frame to develop meaningful recommendations leading to the development of a Governor's Sage Grouse Conservation Plan, which was subsequently incorporated as an alternative within the Federal land use planning effort.    In Idaho, we have focused the majority of our conservation planning efforts on addressing the primary threats to greater sage grouse, which are wildfire and invasive species. As such, the Governor's plan centers on an innovative approach to dealing with those primary threats through the application of a three-tiered habitat conservation system and an associated adaptive management strategy. The Governor's plan also implements proactive actions that aim to protect key sage grouse habitat through greater emphasis on wildfire prevention, suppression, and restoration.    The conservation efficacy of the Governor's plan is significant, as it truly is a landscape approach that takes into account the entire life history of greater sage grouse. In fact, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has stated in writing that the foundational elements of the strategy are scientifically sound and consistent with the Service's desired conservation objectives. The Idaho BLM has also given great credence to the Governor's plan, by including it as a co-preferred alternative within the Federal land use planning effort in Idaho.    Months of collaborating with our Federal partners to refine the co-preferred alternatives led us to genuinely believe that our state and Federal collaboration was going to be a success. However, recent top-down direction from the national BLM office has presented us with some unique challenges that, without resolution, stand to undermine our collaborative sage grouse conservation efforts.    The Department of the Interior and the national BLM office are well aware of our concerns, and have engaged us in an effort to resolve these concerns. However, while we have made some progress, we still need a genuine commitment from the Federal Government to work toward a mutually agreeable solution concerning the application of sagebrush focal areas on 3.5 million acres of our core sage grouse habitat in Idaho.    Two years ago, a significant milestone in the collaborative effort initiated by Secretary Salazar was achieved when states, in partnership with the Service, developed a set of objectives for addressing the threats to greater sage grouse. The resulting report titled, ``The Conservation Objectives Team Report,'' represents the goalpost for achieving success. One of the cornerstones of this report is the flexibility to tailor conservation actions to local ecological and socioeconomic conditions. Unfortunately, the last-minute, standardized Federal direction erodes this flexibility.    Our sage grouse conservation planning efforts in Idaho demonstrate our commitment to conserving this species across the landscape, balanced with preserving the custom, culture, and economic opportunity in Idaho.    Given that the Federal Government manages 74 percent of the habitat in Idaho, the majority of our efforts have been focused on the Federal lands planning process. However, the state recently completed a conservation plan for state endowment lands that complements the Governor's plan for Federal lands.    Additionally, the Natural Resources Conservation Service, through the sage grouse initiatives, continues to make significant investments in Idaho by working with private landowners and ranchers on voluntary sage grouse conservation actions.    The state of Idaho holds the notion that local collaboration, local ideas, and local efforts garner the greatest results. The people in Idaho wish to see this iconic western species continue to thrive on the sage-steppe landscape for generations to come, and we believe that our collaborative planning efforts ensures that vision.    Mr. Chairman, that concludes my testimony.    Mr. Miller. Yes, Congressman, there are, and that is through our state-led planning efforts. We are closest to the ground, sir. Our local biologists and scientists know more about the species than our Federal partners do. So I believe, really, in the state-led effort to implement our conservation strategies on the ground.    Mr. Miller. Obviously there are things, Congressman, that are concerning to us about the current implementation of the Endangered Species Act. We do need to see some modifications to that statute to ensure that state-led efforts are a priority. Again, I can't emphasize enough the local science and the local actions from our stakeholders are very important in driving forward sound policies that balance the appropriate level of conservation of our fish and wildlife populations with maintaining economic vitality----    Mr. Miller. Congressman, I feel that, obviously, there are--we do need to see some changes to the Act; but I think the courts have interpreted the Act in a fashion that is contrary to what the writers of the Act back in 1974 intended. I think we have gone too far from the original intent of the Endangered Species Act.    Mr. Miller. Yes, Congressman, real quick. To echo Ms. Clarke's statement, we, in Idaho, have engaged with our local Federal partners at a very high level. I mean this has been a collaborative from the start--with the Idaho BLM office, the local Fish and Wildlife Service office, and the Forest Service. We built a really good, cohesive strategy together by blending our two co-preferred alternatives: the Governor's alternative with the internal BLM and Forest Service alternative; a solid plan that addresses the needs for greater sage grouse, but balances that with maintaining predictable levels of land use activity in our state.    And, again, to echo Ms. Clarke's statements, the frustration lies with this recent top-down direction from the national BLM office that occurred in January for insertion of additional requirements into these specific land use plan amendments, environmental impact statements. There are things within that national direction that are very concerning to the states.    We have engaged with the Department of the Interior to resolve those issues, and I truly believe that there are folks at Interior and the national BLM office that want to find a solution to some of these complex remaining issues, one being the sagebrush focal area map and associated rule set. That was never vetted with the state----    Mr. Miller. Well, Congressman, as I indicated in my statement, we still have remaining issues that we are trying to work through Interior to get to a mutual agreement on what our final conservation strategy between the state and the Federal Government should look like.    We, obviously, are running out of time. The final environmental impact statements are slated to be released later this month or early June. We don't want to sell ourselves short on time, and our ability to negotiate further with the Interior Department on these remaining issues.    Mr. Miller. Well, Congressman, Governor Otter is definitely supportive of an extension if we need more time to resolve these remaining issues. And, like Dr. Arnett said, if there is a need to demonstrate a track record here, there has been a delay with the release of these Federal EISs.    Mr. Miller. We have made significant----    Mr. Miller. Well, yes.    Mr. Miller. Congressman, thank you for the question. And, real quickly here, I would say one of the most significant actions we have taken in the state of Idaho has been the creation of rangeland fire protection associations, comprised of landowners and ranchers in very remote areas of sage grouse habitat that play a crucial role in initial attack in keeping fires----    Mr. Miller. Congressman, there is a lot of collaboration with these range and fire protection associations--Federal resources and state resources. These members of these RFPAs are trained pursuant to Federal and state wild and fire-fighting protocols.    Mr. Miller. Thank you, sir.    The Chairman. About to throw it at you all.    Mr. Westerman.    Mr. Miller. Congressman, I would agree with the latter. The volume of litigation in our state regarding land use activities is high. It is significant, and oftentimes the problem is that the resource suffers as a result. When those land managers that should be out there working with the resource users and working to ensure a balance is struck between conservation and multiple-use activities, when they are stuck in their offices working on FOIA requests or trying to figure out how to address these litigation challenges, the resource suffers and the users of our public lands suffer.    Mr. Miller. Absolutely, Congressman. And, in fact, that is where our task force put the majority of their effort.    Wildfire and invasive species are the primary threats in Idaho and other Great Basin states. If we did nothing to address those threats, then this bird would be in trouble; but we do have a suite of robust conservation actions within our strategy to adequately deal with those threats.    Mr. Miller. Well, the majority of the habitat in Idaho is managed by the Federal Government, about 74 percent. And another 6 percent is on our state endowment lands. It is tough to tell you which--you know, the majority of the populations are on Federal land, as a result. So that is a difficult question to answer.    Our state lands are managed differently than the Federal lands. We have a constitutional mandate to maximize revenue generation on those state lands, which includes utilizing livestock grazing. Our plan also utilizes and recognizes livestock grazing as part of the solution, from a fuels reduction standpoint. So, that is a difficult question to answer, how the populations are doing on state lands, compared to the Federal lands. But again, the user groups are part of the solution in Idaho on dealing with our threats.    Mr. Miller. Absolutely. Without question.    Mr. Miller. No question.    Mr. Miller. Yes, Congressman, and I will read the first sentence of my closing paragraph.    Mr. Miller. ``The state of Idaho holds to the notion that local collaboration, local ideas, and local efforts garner the greatest results.'' We believe that we have done that through our collaborative planning effort. Our local scientists have done one heck of a job in Idaho on providing us with the necessary data and the conservation actions necessary to conserve this species in concert with our multitude of land use activities in the state.    Mr. Miller. I appreciate that question, Congressman, and it truly comes down to a collaborative, and recognizing where we can come together to do the most good on the wildfire front in Idaho and other Great Basin states.    I do appreciate the Secretary of the Interior releasing a Secretarial Order on wildland fire in, I believe, February of this year that redirects resources and prioritizes activities in sage grouse habitat. Of course, human life and property is always a priority. But now, the Interior Department has allowed sage grouse to be a priority within their wildland fire-fighting system.    So, it truly is a partnership with the Federal Government. We have a vast landscape in Idaho, predominantly managed by the Federal Government. So I do appreciate the Interior Department taking that step forward to reprioritize their actions in sage grouse habitat on Federal lands.    Mr. Miller. Yes, sir. There was legislation by the Idaho State legislature that set up these rangeland fire protection associations, and for years there had been problems, mainly a liability issue with having ranchers and other landowners on the fire line on Federal land. Through a partnership with the Federal Government now, we do have ranchers that are trained pursuant to these protocols, that can play an active role in initial attack and anchor these fires a whole lot better and a lot faster, oftentimes, than the agencies can.    Mr. Miller. We have not seen a population objective from the Federal Government.    Mr. Miller. Yes, Congressman. I believe that our collaborative effort has been very, very strong in Idaho, and we have had that high level of participation with the Idaho BLM, local Fish and Wildlife Service and the Forest Service. We have been at the table, as cooperators, with our cooperating agency status. As a result, we have built a pretty robust and solid plan to conserve this species.    Mr. Miller. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. The Colorado plans, do they deal with wildfire?    Mr. Miller. Yes, sir.    The Chairman. And your concern is that they are going forward with this without consultation.    Mr. Miller. Well, at a high level, sir, the top-down directives still need to be vetted and worked out with the state.    The Chairman. So, if those regional management plans were then taken into account, it wouldn't matter whether the bird was listed or not. It would be the same net effect, which is the concept of why we are dealing with those issues, especially in the NDAA.    Mr. Swartout, last November Governor Hickenlooper called the sage grouse Gunnison listing ``discouraging, and complicates our good-faith efforts to work with local stakeholders on locally driven approaches.'' What did Colorado do about that issue?    Mr. Miller. Congressman Labrador, Governor Otter is a states rights advocate. So he said, ``This worked very well with our Idaho Roadless collaborative; I am going to do the same thing on sage grouse.'' So he set up a very diverse, 15-member task force to advise him on recommendations necessary for incorporation into a plan that would address the needs for sage grouse, balanced with the economic vitality of our state.    Mr. Miller. Congressman, for quite some time we were moving down a very good path with our local Federal partners. We developed a very strong strategy blending the two co-preferred alternatives, the Governor's alternative and the BLM's internal alternative.    We thought we were about to cross the finish line together, until in January of this year, the national BLM office imposed national direction on all BLM planning units that included the carve-out of sagebrush focal areas across 16 million acres of priority habitat in the West, of which 3.5 million acres are in Idaho. It is a carve-out of our core habitat areas. The Interior Department included a new, more restrictive rule set for management of land use activities in those focal areas.    What is concerning to the Governor is that that was never negotiated or vetted with the state or his task force. We thought we were there, like I said, Congressman, but this last-minute top-down directive on these sage grouse focal areas stands to erode this strong partnership that we have developed.    We are hopeful we can get there with Interior. As I said earlier, there is a willingness from individuals in the Interior Department and the national BLM office to continue working through these remaining elements with us.    Mr. Miller. Yes, sir.    Mr. Miller. Congressman, that further validated our conservation planning efforts. The COT report does represent the goalpost, what we are shooting for. It contains a suite of conservation objectives that allows the states and the local planning units to develop those strategies to achieve the goalpost there. That letter from the Fish and Wildlife Service was an indication that we were almost there, that we were developing a----    Mr. Miller. Yes, sir.    Mr. Miller. They have been met at the local level, sir, with Idaho BLM and Fish and Wildlife Service in Idaho; but not at the national level.    Mr. Miller. That would be accurate.    Mr. Miller. Absolutely, sir.    Mr. Miller. Absolutely.    Mr. Miller. Yes, they do.    Mr. Miller. I can't emphasize enough the value of the collaborative and the partnership used in building our strategy. We had industry, conservation partners, local and state-elected officials advising the Governor, along with state and local Federal agencies on developing a robust strategy for conserving the species.    We feel we are there. We just need to overcome these last-minute obstacles with the Interior Department.    Mr. Miller. Well----    Mr. Miller. Mr. Chairman, the state of Idaho is the manager of all fish and wildlife in the state. Of course, that is why we jumped out ahead of this and said, ``We have the best scientists, the best biologists, at the state level to drive this conservation strategy.'' This is an issue of state sovereignty over wildlife, and we intend to maintain state sovereignty over the species.    Because of the majority of sage grouse habitat in Idaho being managed by the Federal Government, about 74 percent, we needed to engage with BLM on the habitat portion of our conservation strategy.    Mr. Miller. Well----    Mr. Miller. I think, if managed by the state, those resources would continue, or would be managed in a more appropriate fashion to address the needs for sage grouse.    Fuel loading in Idaho is significant, and we want to implement tools through our strategy to deal with fuel loading on public lands. That is why our industry groups are a huge, huge partner in this endeavor.