    Mr. McKinley. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman, and thank you again for these hearings that we've been having on this topic.    As an engineer, I need to see things in perspective, and so I guess we've been following this over the last 4 years in Congress, and especially on this committee, been trying to look at this issue, and I think at one of the last meetings we just had, I tried to put it in perspective by saying from--Botticelli, you said there were 44,000 overdose deaths. I want people to understand, that's more than died in Vietnam in combat. I don't know that the American public understands that. And every day on the news, NBC or whatever, they had body counts and they had that, and people were outraged over that.    I'm not getting the sense of outrage over every year we lose as many people to drug overdose as we did in a 10-year war in Vietnam. I'm concerned when I had affirmed that in West Virginia, one in five babies born in West Virginia, and I'm sure it may be one in four in other States or so, but one in five babies, they've been affected with drugs. I keep thinking this in perspective by saying in Europe, the overdose rate is approximately 21 per million; in America, it's seven to 10 times that amount.    Now, I get a little on the verge of outrage. You know, I'm the father of four and grandfather of six, and I see these are what we're giving our kids, this is what the future is. And I hear this testimony from this panel of seven and the seven before that and the seven before that, and quite frankly, I get confused, because I don't known what the priority is.    From the business community and you all here in Washington, everyone loves to plan, but they don't carry out. Now, that may be insulting, and I don't mean it in an insulting fashion, but we still have 44,000 people who will die between now and next year because we don't have a prior--I'd like to think that we could come up with one plan, one way, if you had at least one, prioritize it, what's the one thing, and then let's put everything we have into it, that Manhattan-type project, go after that one solution and see if that doesn't start the ball rolling in the right way, and then we can do two, three and four with it, but a focus; but I don't see a focus. I didn't see a focus from you. I heard seven, eight different ways that we might be able to approach this problem, because the planning--everyone loves to plan, but the implementation falls short.    So, since you're meeting on a regular basis, couldn't you come up with one--one idea to where we ought to begin to where we can really--the metrics, we get the optics and everything, we can really dig into that, and then we can have plan B, C and D, but let's achieve one instead of continuing to melt down as we do at this. I don't want to see another statistic of 44,000 more people die of overdose.    So I hesitate to ask, can you come up with an idea today in the time frame, is there one, just one idea that we should focus on? What's the best way? Is that in the drug use, is that in real-time on purchasing the prescription drugs that it's a national database, is that the number one thing we should do? I mean, my God, the Federal Government just changed the sentencing guidelines for heroin and they said if you're caught with 50 hits of heroin, you get probation. What are we doing? Are we fighting heroin or not? I'm really frustrated with this, so I really--give me some more guidance on plan one.    Mr. McKinley. Thank you for the opportunity just to follow up because one of the questions or statistics I was giving you in talking about prospector is the model or the situation that they're facing in Europe. What do we have there in Europe? The average is 21 per million. And I was just looking at--that's the average.    Italy is below that. Latvia, Netherlands, Belgium, Greece, France, Poland, Portugal, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Turkey, Romania, all have less than that, significantly less. What are they doing right? What are they doing differently in Europe than we are in America? Are we learning anything from them?    Mr. McKinley. So what's the--why not? What are they doing? Are their doctors more sensitive to this issue than our doctors in America? Are they concerned about the trial lawyers? What's the difference between it?    If there are 10 to 15 times more people dying in America than there are in Europe, something is wrong. They're doing something differently, and I'd like to know what it is.    Mr. McKinley. OK.    Yield back.    Thank you very much for that.