    Mr. Pitts. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director Miles, I come from a position on this committee as a member who is currently dealing with the issue of permitting a 42-inch natural gas pipeline currently in the application review stage, and my district in Pennsylvania is home to some of the most pristine farmland, conservation space in the country, and my constituency has basically run the gamut of issues relating to the proposed pipeline from eminent domain to Indian burial grounds. One issue that keeps coming up is that of pipeline safety. As noted in your written testimony, FERC plays an inspection role during pipeline construction, but the Department of Transportation has jurisdiction to establish pipeline safety regs for operating reliance. So my question is can you tell us about the coordination you engage in with DOT to ensure that pipelines will meet their regulations, and ensure that nothing falls through the cracks as jurisdiction transitions from FERC to another agency?    Ms. Miles. Yes, as you state, the Department of Transportation sets the standards, and when we review the applications we are checking to make sure that they meet those, and any analysis that needs to be done, we will do that, looking at volumes of flow and safety aspects of that.    We do work with PHMSA, regularly coordinate with them on making sure we are clear on their standards, and that they are addressed through our evaluation.    Mr. Pitts. One issue of concern to some of my constituents is the independence of FERC. Some perceive FERC as being captured by the industries it deals with, rubberstamp, if you will, and they point to statistics that reveal that virtually all of the applications that run the entirety of the FERC process are approved. Can you please speak to that concern?    Ms. Miles. Well, I would say that many applications that come before us that we are looking at during the pre-filing period change dramatically through alternative routes, alternative systems, before we get to the point where the commission makes a decision on the appropriate project; whether to go forward with it, and if so, what conditions to include in it. So the commission takes into account and listens very carefully to comments from the public, from Indian tribes, from other state and federal agencies. Those are taken into account in trying to work through, what is the appropriate--looking at both engineering and environmental consequences of a project.    Mr. Pitts. Now, in your written testimony, you stated that the discussion drafts addressing FERC process coordination has commendable goals, improving transparency, predictability of the agency actions, in particular. My question is, might these transparency efforts in the bill help alleviate concerns that FERC is a rubberstamp for the industry?    Ms. Miles. I believe we are quite transparent already, but any time we could add something to improve on that, we are most willing to. I think one of the things that this bill does is to make available on a Web site at the commission the established schedules and expected completion dates, and that type of information that many may be aware of.    Mr. Pitts. Now, some outside groups have urged my constituents to work outside the FERC process to oppose pipeline construction, given their perception of FERC's independence. And oftentimes, these groups advocate a turn to politics. My question is, can you please tell me how my constituents can best have their voices heard during permitting process?    Ms. Miles. Yes, I certainly would hope that they would attend our scoping meetings. I would hope that they would file written comments also so that we clearly understand what their issues and concerns are. I would also ask them to subscribe through our electronic system to the project that they are concerned about, and they can keep up with what is going on with it every day. I would ensure them that commission staff is looking very carefully at everything as we go through the analysis, and that the commission in the end, when it makes its decision, will look at the entire record that has been developed for that project.    Mr. Pitts. Thank you. My time has expired.