    Mr. Atkins. Good morning. Thank you very much, Chairman Garrett, Ranking Member Maloney, and members of the subcommittee, for inviting me to testify today.    My name is Paul Atkins. I am CEO of Patomak Global Partners here in Washington, D.C.; and for 6 years, ending in 2008, I served as SEC Commissioner.    Small businesses are vital to our Nation's economy. Startups and young companies are a primary driver of job creation.    If we are serious about spurring real economic growth, creating more jobs outside of Washington, D.C., and breaking down our two-tiered economy, we do not need higher taxes or more government spending. Instead, we need more entrepreneurs and small businesses and a sensible regulatory environment in which these individuals and firms can succeed.    The bipartisan JOBS Act proves that you do not need hundreds or thousands of pages of complex legislation to help Main Street businesses and protect consumers and investors. At only 22 pages, the JOBS Act has already achieved significant results for small businesses seeking access to much-needed capital while at the same time maintaining important investor protections and providing more opportunities for Americans to put their hard-earned dollars to work investing in America's future.    Thanks in large part to the IPO On-Ramp, 2014 was the best year for IPOs since 2004, with emerging growth companies taking advantage of the on-ramp's scale, disclosure, and reporting requirements, all of which make public offerings more attractive for smaller companies while preserving essential information for investors. More IPOs generally means more jobs.    Thanks to Titles II and IV, we are also seeing issuers and investors starting to take advantage of offerings using general solicitation and the amended Reg A-plus exemption. Just 4 years after its enactment, the JOBS Act has helped rationalize and modernize the current regulatory environment to better serve small companies and investors alike, but the job is not done.    The Obama Administration continues to bury small businesses under record amounts of red tape. I believe that a major cause of the uncertainty still handcuffing our economy is, in fact, government policy, particularly the sweeping Dodd-Frank Act.    The real tragedy behind Dodd-Frank and the hundreds of other major rules flowing from Washington every year is that consumers, investors, and small businesses are harmed the most. It is no surprise, then, that major small business surveys recently have highlighted government regulation and access to credit as being among the most significant growth concerns currently facing small companies.    The SEC, which has a statutory mandate to facilitate capital formation, has also neglected small business or, worse, firmly placed itself in the way of positive reform. The SEC could have implemented the provisions of the JOBS Act on its own, but instead the agency did neither, burying its head in the sand while Congress went to work. In fact, instead of fulfilling its core mission, the SEC has misprioritized its resources by focusing first on Dodd-Frank rules that do not address the real causes of the financial crisis and only add to the regulatory burden already weighing on our economy.    Finally, when faced with a clear JOBS Act mandate to simplify and lift the ban on general solicitation, the SEC chose on its own to slow the pace of reform by issuing an additional rule proposal to amend Reg D in ways that would fundamentally undermine the purpose of the JOBS Act.    The proposal would add unnecessary costs and burdens on small issuers and investors seeking to take advantage of general solicitation under Section 506(c)--for example, first, by making issuers submit two additional Form D filings; second, by imposing a draconian 1-year ban on using Rule 506 for failing to comply with the Form D filing requirements even for a foot fault; and third, by forcing issuers to file all general solicitation materials with the SEC.    Now, I have talked to lawyers, law professors, and venture capital investors in Silicon Valley and elsewhere, and they advise would-be issuers to shun--not use at all--506(c) offerings because of the uncertainty and the potential for ``gotcha'' enforcement actions by the SEC and, I think, by the States, as well. Indeed, because the nature of these nonpublic offerings means that it is hard to define a beginning and an end to the potential securities offering, the potential for ``gotcha'' enforcement actions with these offerings is real and a trap for the unwary.    Chairman Garrett's bill, the Private Placement Improvement Act, would go a long way towards allowing issuers to use 506(c) in the manner Congress intended.    Over the last 5\1/2\ years, this committee has been at the forefront of helping America's small businesses grow and create jobs. I thank you for all your efforts and for the opportunity to testify here today.    Thank you very much.    Mr. Atkins. I think when you look at the SEC's own statements from its economists and whatnot, they show that there really is no fraud coming out of the JOBS Act, and especially 506. So I think that is attributable to it.    I don't think that these things are advancing investor protection at all. I think that what--if anything, it is dampening--    Mr. Atkins. Right. Basically they are saying that you should not use 506(c) because of the uncertainty behind it and there are other ways to do it. And so it is really putting a damper on the ability of people to make use of the JOBS Act provisions.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. With 45 seconds, we could talk about that for a long time. The Dodd-Frank Act, with 2,319 pages, itself was only part of it. Then, it had mandates of up to 500 rules and studies from the different agencies.    And a lot of that still has not been implemented yet at my old agency, the SEC. They still may be a little bit more than halfway finished.    So the huge amount of work that still has to be done, the uncertainty on the industry--just the other day I was approached by an investment bank with a new offering of a fund to invest in that will basically take away from small banks, community banks, loans that they can't carry on the books anymore because of the examiners from the Fed and elsewhere putting a lot of pressure on them not to make loans to small business anymore. Chair Yellen has basically said the same thing in testimony before Congress.    So it is the uncertainty and the costs that Dodd-Frank has imposed on the industry that has had ripple effects, which is why, really, we need to look at things like the JOBS Act, new ideas that will help spur capital to small businesses.    Mr. Atkins. Congressman, I think that is why crowdfunding and other things are really exciting. It is a disruptive new technological way of trying to raise money that will then disintermediate investment banks and other banks and maybe save companies that are raising money and their investors a lot of money over time, which is kind of an exciting thing and so why not try it. I think that is one thing that we are talking about here.    And I am as troubled as you by what you are citing.    Mr. Atkins. Thanks for the question. I stand by what I wrote in the journal there.    I think what the SEC should do is take a total review of NMS. There were a lot of things that were put forth back there 10 years ago that did not make sense then and don't make sense now. And I can see the impetus behind trying to let a new entrant into the marketplace, but still it needs to be done in a transparent way.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. That is part of the whole issue here, where if you treat people disparately and in a manner that doesn't apply to everybody, you run into those issues.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. I don't know that much about that particular issue, but I think in general, the Administrative Procedure Act really should apply in this area.    Mr. Atkins. I think they have created an innovative exchange where lots of investors and traders like to go, so hats off to them. What I really encourage the SEC to do is take a really robust view of NMS and the whole process and do it in an open manner and not just on a one-off exchange application basis.    Mr. Atkins. I wasn't actually around when Reg D was adopted, but I was just beginning to practice law, or just about to get out of law school. So, things have changed a lot since 1982. We have a lot more communication, a lot more sophistication where people can actually go and get information.    But if somebody can invest 100 percent of their net worth in Valeant and watch the stock crash overnight, in the single stock, that is one of the most risky things that one can do, versus some of the other alternatives. So one of the things that really impressed me back when I was a Commissioner when we were talking about raising this limit, was a comment letter where an investor said, ``I can invest in a hedge fund today, but tomorrow if you raise the limit, I won't be able to.''    Mr. Atkins. Yes, sir. Well, one thing that Chairman Hensarling likes to talk about is that every day a community bank goes out of business. And it is not because of bad business; it is because of the burdens, not just overt regulations, but then also the informal silent regulations of bank examiners who basically have a lot of ambits with which to squeeze them and to question the loans that are being made.    And as I referenced before, the private sector is trying to come into assistance here by taking off the books of some of the community banks some of the--through funds--some of the loans that they are making, but it is--    Mr. Atkins. Because the bank examiner will--    Mr. Atkins. Right. It is a true crisis. I think we have to address it. And so I salute you for doing what you can.    Mr. Atkins. Congressman, I believe there is a provision in the bill for a grace period, but that is for good-faith efforts to comply. So, it is clearly open to interpretation. But anyway, but I think the intent is to try to encourage the SEC to guide rather than to come with a hammer.    Mr. Atkins. Yes, well, I think your bill really helps to clarify what already exists under 506 and I think gives a good amount of certainty. For that, I think it is a very good effort.    I don't really see huge companies making use of anything like that. It doesn't make sense in the grand scheme of things.    Mr. Atkins. Yes. We talked a little bit before about how community banks are being squeezed not just by the market in general, but also by formal and informal regulations. So by information regulations, I mean the great latitude that bank examiners have.    Going all the way back to when I was working for Chairman Breeden at the SEC back in the early 1990s in the wake of the S&L crisis, you could see how the effect of the bank examiners, what they had on the decrease of commercial investor loans and the increase of what banks are holding in treasury securities. You are seeing a similar thing right now, but even worse, we are seeing community banks going out of business. And so there is a real, palpable effect.    Mr. Atkins. It comes down to investors and to Main Street businesses, frankly, ultimately. They bear the burden just like on any sort of imposition on the economy.    Mr. Atkins. And one thing, just to add to--    Mr. Atkins. --my former answer to your question. The main effect of all these regulations and the cost is ultimately on the consumers and the employees of the United States. And in this economy, where we have--to call it a tepid economy or recovery is--from 2008 and 2009--I think is a real misnomer; it is kind of a false recovery.    And so in order to try to get people back to work and have consumers enjoy a better lifestyle, I think we have to make it possible for small businesses, which are the engine of the economy, to get back to work.    Mr. Atkins. It would be interesting to see what the report looks like, but Chair White talked about Reg A-plus a little bit at the end of last year, I believe, and talking about how there have been a lot of--it has an increasing number of registrations under it. But it seemed to me that there is a long way to go, and reading between the lines, I think even the people at the SEC recognize that.