    Mr. Burgess. The subcommittee on Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade will now come to order and the chair recognizes himself for 5 minutes for an opening statement and, again, good morning to all and welcome to our hearing on examining unmanned aerial systems, or drones.    These are poised to up-end the status quo in many sectors across the country.    This hearing is the latest installment of our Disrupter Series covering a variety of disruptive technologies that are literally redefining our lives and improving our economic condition.    This hearing is timely. Tomorrow, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration will hold an important gathering in its series of multi stakeholder meetings to develop privacy best practices for drones, and the Federal Aviation Authority has also set tomorrow as the deadline for recommendations from the Drone Registry Task Force.    Drones promise to make life easier, make life safer, make life less costly for workers in a wide variety of industries. The American Farm Bureau has forecast that farmers will be using drone services to monitor their crops and could see significant return on investment.    The technology now exists for telecommunications and utility employees to send up drones up to inspect telephone poles and monitor their findings from the truck.    Insurance adjusters sent out to inspect a claimant's home for hail damage could use a drone to conduct the examination without needing a ladder to walk around on the roof. And everyone from movie studios to broadcasters have interests. With nearly a million units expected to be sold, consumer drones are predicted to be the next wave in holiday purchases in just a few weeks.    I'm sure many of us here today have noticed that trend as we start our holiday shopping. Check your gutters or a leak on your roof without leaving the ground, no problem.    The sector-specific benefits of drones add up to a massive economic impact. According to one study by the Association for Unmanned Vehicles Systems International--one of our witnesses today--drones will produce about $82 billion in growth during the next 10 years as they are integrated into our National Airspace System.    The study also predicts the addition of 100,000 jobs over those 10 years, which encompasses drone makers, software engineers, suppliers, researchers and other workers that would support expanded drone production and use.    To realize these benefits, the Federal Aviation Administration is working with stakeholders to safely integrate drones into the American airspace.    Simultaneously, the National Telecommunications and Information Administration is holding multi stakeholder meetings with the goal of producing industry best practices.    There are important questions around privacy laws and safety and United States companies like Intel are working to develop solutions that would enhance safety automatically, which no regulator could produce.    In fact, I would be more worried that overregulation on safety could prevent the investment, testing and research needed to develop market-driven solutions.    With the advent of drones, many have expressed concerns that they present novel privacy issues. Certainly, drones can go where people can't.    A neighbor can fly a drone over your fence and pester you and invade your privacy, and there have been disputes ending in drones being shot out of the air by an annoyed citizen.    There are interesting questions around whether how and when and under what circumstances a drone owner can be identified and held to account for his or her behavior.    Those questions are now being addressed at the FAA as part of the development of its registry. I should note that I share the concerns of many with requiring small recreational drones to be registered with the federal government.    Such an approach would involve casual users in a major government bureaucracy with seemingly little benefit. As regulators prepare to integrate drones into the airspace, it is clear that safety has to be the number-one priority.    But cutting-edge drone testing and evaluation is occurring overseas because the current process to approve commercial drone use is both restrictive and cumbersome in the United States.    I do want to thank our witnesses for being here this morning. I'm going to yield the balance of my time to Mr. Lance.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman.    The chair recognizes the subcommittee ranking member, Jan Schakowsky, for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    The chair recognizes the vice chairwoman of the full committee, Mrs. Blackburn from Tennessee, for an opening statement for 5 minutes.    Mr. Burgess. The gentlelady yields back.    The chair recognizes the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. Pallone of New Jersey, 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. The chair thanks the gentleman and this does conclude member opening statements. The chair would remind members that pursuant to committee rules all members' opening statements will be made part of the record.    We do want to thank our witnesses for being here today, for taking the time to testify before the subcommittee. Our witness panel for today's hearing will include Mr. Joshua Walden, the senior vice president and general manager of the New Technology Group at Intel; Mr. John Villasenor, professor of public policy, electrical engineering and management at UCLA's Luskin School of Public Affairs; Ms. Margot Kaminski, assistant professor at the Moritz School of Law at Ohio State University; and Mr. Brian Wynne, president and CEO of the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International.    We appreciate all of you being here today. We are going to begin the panel with Mr. Walden. Just an editorial note--we are going to have votes on the floor soon. So I would ask that you each adhere to the 5 minutes for your opening statement. You will see the lights down below.    Again, we appreciate all of you being here. We will begin with you, Mr. Walden. You are recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement.    We have technical assistance on the way. You would think in the major congressional committee that deals with technology we wouldn't have wires running all over the place. We'd have a series of drones picking up every hiccup and cough from the witness table.    Mr. Walden, I am going to blame the press for probably dislodging a cable as they were taking pictures of your aircraft, and our apologies.    Are we there yet? I don't think any of the microphones are working. Mr. Wynne, does your microphone appear to be on?    Mr. Burgess. Whoever's is working please proceed 5 minutes.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman.    Professor Villasenor, your 5 minutes, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Professor Kaminski, you are recognized for 5 minutes for the purpose of an opening statement.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentlelady.    Mr. Wynne recognized for 5 minutes for an opening statement, please.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman and there are votes on the floor.    I am happy that we made it through all the openings statements. We will take a recess until the conclusion of this vote series. So until then the subcommittee stands in recess subject to the call of the chair.    Mr. Burgess. I call the subcommittee back to order and once again thank you all for your testimony. Thank you for being patient with us.    We have moved into the question and answer portion of the hearing and I want to begin that by recognizing Mr. Harper from Mississippi 5 minutes for your questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. The gentleman yields back. Chair thanks the gentleman. The chair recognizes the gentlelady from Illinois, Ms. Schakowsky, 5 minutes for questions please.    Mr. Burgess. Gentlelady yields back to chair.    Thanks to the gentlelady. The chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey, Mr. Lance, 5 minutes for questions.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman. The gentleman yields back.    Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma 5 minutes for questions, please.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman. Gentleman yields back.    I will now recognize myself for 5 minutes for questions. And Mr. Walden, just very briefly, do you at Intel have cyber security solutions to prevent unauthorized users from controlling your device?    Mr. Burgess. Well, thank you for that. I would remind you I try to stay one step ahead of very clever and very nimble people who have no end of great ideas on how to thwart things that we think are good safeguards to put in place.    Mr. Burgess. Mr. Wynne, I just wanted to ask you, like you I am no longer current but I am a licensed general aviation pilot, instrument rated.    I appreciate your comments in some type of certification and knowledge of airspace maps. And I guess if I'm understanding some of the other testimony it's possible to program one of these drone devices so that it could not enter, say, Class B airspace.    And where I live in Lewisville, Texas, the southern part of the city of Lewisville, is in the area that is regulated from the surface to 10,000 feet around DFW Airport. So do I understand that concept correctly?    Mr. Burgess. Now, when you first start flying you fly under visual flight rules, see and avoid and what Mr. Walden has shown us this morning is kind of a new take on that.    There is see and avoid technology that they have built into this, something that looks enormously helpful and beneficial if I'm understanding it correctly. Would that be your take also?    Mr. Burgess. I wondered the same thing.    And then Professor Kaminski and Mr. Walden, a question for both of you. We do spend a lot of time up here talking about privacy and it is important but in this situation in particular comes to mind whose privacy is it.    Professor Kaminski, you referenced a First Amendment right to record. Did I hear that correctly?    Mr. Burgess. So you have a right to record, and I understand that has been challenged sometimes. People have gotten into some difficulty recording just with an Iphone on the street recording an altercation or police activity. But there is that right to record.    Mr. Burgess. So then this pushes the boundary of public access, I guess. You fly a drone over your neighbor's back yard and take a picture of their barbecue to see who's there, perhaps a political figure, perhaps whoever, criminal figure, and who has the right of privacy in that instance? Is it the backyard owner or is it the drone owner?    Mr. Burgess. Because that actually has happened with recording celebrity wedding and then that type of things.    So Mr. Walden, are you looking at technology that would fit with that paradigm or is that just too hard and we'll have to leave that up to the local sheriffs and enforcers?    Mr. Burgess. Unlike anything else, the technology is proceeding much more rapidly than this humble subcommittee. But we do welcome the opportunity to hear from all of you.    We want to keep this conversation going because this is obviously, not a completed product.    Are there any other members that wish any additional time for questions?    Seeing that there are no further members wishing to ask questions, I do want to thank each of our participants.    Yes. Absolutely. The gentleman is recognized.    Mr. Burgess. The chair thanks the gentleman.    Oh, gentleman from Vermont recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Burgess. Chair thanks the gentleman. Gentleman yields back.    Seeing no other members wishing to ask questions, again, I want to thank each of you on the panel for participating in today's hearing.    Before we conclude, I would like to include the following documents to be submitted for the record by unanimous consent--a statement for the record from the Motion Picture Association of America. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Burgess. Pursuant to committee rules, I remind members that they have 10 business days to submit additional questions for the record and I ask the witnesses to submit their responses within 10 business days upon receipt of the questions.    Without objection, the subcommittee is adjourned.