    Mr. PAYNE. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to thank you for having this hearing and also our ranking member, Ms. Chu.    Mr. Mitchell, it is good to meet you, and thank you for those kind words in reference to my father. In your testimony, you recommend reforming Regulation D of an accredited investor. And your recommendation will change the definition to now include the value of the primary residence in determining if a person's net worth has met the million dollar requirement to be an accredited investor. Can you tell us why this would be beneficial to small businesses and how it could increase access to capital?    Mr. PAYNE. Right.    Mr. PAYNE. So it would be critically beneficial to them?    Mr. PAYNE. And it would make a world of change in reference to them being able to be accredited?    Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. I know you mentioned the bank in my town, City National, on several occasions, and my father, and now I, have struggled to help maintain viability in that community because of the work that they do on the ground, every single day, for people who necessarily cannot walk into other institutions and even get someone to speak to them at all.    Mr. PAYNE. And Mr. Pinkett will sit on my forum at the Congressional Black Caucus tomorrow, and if you are in town, we are going to make sure we invite you as well.    Mr. PAYNE. My second question is to Mr. Mitchell as well since, you know, I am referencing your testimony, but all panelists can answer. Mr. Mitchell, in your testimony you recommend community banks be excluded from the small business data collection requirement under Section 1071 of the Dodd-Frank. However, we know that there is discrimination in small business lending and the collecting of this data in one place would specifically help women- and minority-owned small businesses. Representative Chris Van Hollen and I have recently led a letter to the CFPB director outlining the importance of this requirement. Eight-two members have joined us on this letter and I hope we can get several more on this Committee on it because it is undoubtedly important. You mentioned privacy concerns; however, we know that Section 1071 regulations will be formatted similarly to the HMDA, which explicitly prohibits institutions from including information that will identify the applicant or borrower, such as their name, date of birth, or social security number. Can you tell the Committee why the ICBA believes that community banks should be excluded from this extremely important regulation?    Mr. PAYNE. Thank you. I was going to try to get other members on the panel, but I will yield back.