    Ms. Rauber. Chairman Abraham, Ranking Member Titus, and members of the subcommittee, Paralyzed Veterans of America would like to thank you for the opportunity to offer testimony regarding the appeals process. There are many problems contributing to delayed appeals which has become more apparent with VA's focus on reducing the claims backlog. A major cause of delay is the high number of remanded appeals.    Approximately 45 percent of appeals are remanded often due to an order for a new VA medical examination. This action occurs even when favorable private medical evidence or opinions from VA treating physicians are in the record.    In PVA cases the record often includes extensive medical information from a Spinal Cord Injury Center physician who has specialized expertise and an intimate knowledge of the veteran's medical condition. Too often for PVA members, the opinion of a C & P examiner who reviews the file and sees the veteran once is weighed more heavily than the opinions of the Spinal Cord Injury Center experts.    When unnecessary resources are used to seek medical information already in VA's possession, not only is the veteran's individual appeal delayed, the overall process slows. At times these requests are also in conflict with the benefit-of-the-doubt doctrine which requires the VA and the Board to grant a claim when there is a proximate balance of positive and negative evidence.    When an appeal is remanded, it typically returns to VBA jurisdiction through the Appeals Management Center. It is at this step where appeals tend to stall and be subject to multiple remands because the AMC or regional office fails to ensure the Board's specific orders are fulfilled. For example, the Board may order a new examination by a medical specialist which is instead completed by a nurse practitioner, or the Board poses specific questions for response from the examiner which are not fully completed, or the VA fails to follow VHA procedures for scheduling the examination, resulting in the veteran missing it. These are just a few examples, but when the AMC fails to ensure compliance with the Board's orders, the appeal must be remanded again, adding significant delay before the veteran receives a final board decision.    Remanded appeals can take a year or more to complete. If 45 of every 100 decisions are remanded, it stands to reason that the number of appeals will only increase as each remanded appeal that is not granted in full must return to the Board for further review while original appeals continue to be certified to the Board. New original appeals linger while older remanded appeals with earlier docket dates are decided.    A greater reliance on private medical evidence or VA treating medical evidence and more consistent application of the benefit-of-the-doubt doctrine could reduce remands. A review of examination scheduling procedures would also be helpful, as would a review of AMC training, procedures, quality review, and accountability, to ensure proper handling of remands.    Furthermore, when the Board determines a veteran is entitled to advancement on the docket due to age, financial hardship, or serious illness, that designation should be honored and enforced on remand.    There are other ideas to reduce delay. PVA has partnered with other VSOs as well as VBA and Board Administration in a working group on how an expedited appeals pilot program might allow certain appeals to be decided in a more timely fashion.    It is the intent of PVA with VSO partners to support the introduction of bipartisan legislation to implement such a pilot program. In addition, PVA continues to support the strengthening of the DRO program and requiring DROs to work solely on appeals where their expertise can be of best use.    As has been discussed by several of the other panel members, an unexpected challenge has occurred in the area of technological improvement. PVA supported VA's adoption of VBMS. Unfortunately VBMS lacks appeals-friendly features to allow it to be efficient. We are pleased that the Board's administration has included VSOs in meetings to collaborate on ideas to improve VBMS specifically for appeals work. However, adequate funds must be ensured so the Board can accelerate VBMS improvements and continue to engages VSOs in that process.    Finally, Mr. Chairman, when a claimant files a meritless appeal or compels a representative to do so, that appeal clogs the system and draws resources away from legitimate appeals. Since 2012, PVA has required clients to sign a notice of limitation when they execute their power of attorney to acknowledge we will not appeal every adverse decision and reserve the right to refuse to advance any frivolous appeal in keeping with VA regulations.    To help a veteran make the most informed decision regarding the merits of an appeal, the VA should provide improved case-specific notice of the initial rating decision.    Mr. Chairman, we would like to thank you once again for allowing us to address this truly important issue, and we look forward to working with you in the 114th Congress.    I would be pleased to take questions.    Ms. Rauber. I think we would agree to continue to work towards the fully-developed appeals process, and I also think the other thing is really getting down to figuring out a way for the Appeals Management Center's feet to be held to the fire in enforcing the orders of the Board, because we are just seeing too many cases that come back two, three, four times that we are briefing and presenting to the Board where the AMC has not complied with what the Board is telling them to do.    Ms. Rauber. And I think that is something that all of us have discussed in the various working group meetings that they have had, that there definitely is a need for more case-specific notice for a veteran, because as the others have said, you know, a veteran not only doesn't understand what the basis might be for an appeal, but he or she also wouldn't understand if maybe there is not a basis for an appeal. And I think for them to truly understand what the right road is to go down, they need to have case-specific notice.