    Mr. Rogers. Good morning. I want to welcome everybody to our Strategic Forces Subcommittee hearing on ``Assuring National Security Space: Investing in American Industry to End Reliance on the Russian Rocket Engines.''    Before I get started, I think we all ought to take note today that this is the day of the funeral, those nine families in South Carolina. And it is a real tragedy. And I know our hearts and thoughts are with them and our condolences to their family and friends. As for today's business, we will be conducting two panels. In this first panel, we have five expert witnesses from the industry who represent current and potential providers of the space launch and rocket propulsion for the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program.    In our second panel, we have three senior government officials who have responsibilities in managing and overseeing the EELV program. And we also have an expert adviser to the government on recent launch study.    On panel one, we have Tory Bruno, president and CEO of United Launch Alliance ; Mr. Rob Meyerson, president of Blue Origin; Ms. Julie Van Kleeck, vice president, advanced space and launch programs at Aerojet Rocketdyne; Mr. Frank Culbertson, president of space systems, Orbital ATK; and Mr. Jeff Thornburg, senior director of propulsion engineering at SpaceX. I thank all of you for participating in this hearing, providing your perspective on national security. I know it takes time and energy to prepare for these things. And it is really an inconvenience to come up here, but it really helps us a lot in developing public policy.    So I really appreciate your service. This is our second hearing we recently conducted on space. We are dedicating the time to this topic because of its significance to our national security. Without an effective space launch program, we lose all the advantages we gain from space capabilities. Losing space for our warfighters is not an option. There are key policy and acquisition questions regarding the future of national security space that need to be addressed. As we have said before, I am committed to ending our reliance on Russian rocket engines for national security space launch.    I believe we must end our reliance in a manner that protects our military's assured access to space and protects the taxpayers by ensuring we don't trade one monopoly for another. The House bill accomplishes this. And I look forward to perspectives of our witnesses on the current legislation under consideration for fiscal year 2016 NDAA , both the Senate version and the House version.    Because we are committed to ending our reliance on Russian engines, we must invest in the United States rocket propulsion industrial base. Investment in our industry for advanced rocket engines is overdue. While we may lead in some areas of rocket propulsion, we are clearly not leading in all. This is a painfully obvious fact considering that two of the three U.S. launch providers we have here today rely on Russian engines.    And it is not just the Russians leading the way. According to online press reports, the Chinese may be flying a new launch vehicle on a maiden flight this summer with similar technologies as the Russians, using advanced kerosene engine. The time has come to resume U.S. leadership in space. And I believe the companies before us today can help us do that.    However, I am concerned with the Air Force's recent approach in what may amount to a very expensive and risky endeavor in development of new engines, new launch vehicles, and new infrastructure. Congress has only authorized funding for the development of a rocket propulsion system. Launch vehicles are not the problem. The problem is the engine.    Thank you for being with us this morning. I look forward to your testimony and discussion of these important topics. I now recognize my friend and colleague from Tennessee, the ranking member, Mr. Cooper, for any opening statement he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    And the Chair would inform the other members if they have opening statements, they can submit them for the record.    Now we will move to our first panel. The witnesses are asked to summarize their opening statements. Your full opening statements will be accepted into the record.    And we will start with Mr. Bruno. You are recognized for 5 minutes to summarize your opening statement.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you, Mr. Bruno.    Mr. Meyerson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Meyerson.    Ms. Van Kleeck, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Ms. Van Kleeck.    Mr. Culbertson, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Mr. Culbertson.    Mr. Thornburg, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Great job. I thank all of you.    My first question was going to be to the companies, do you think you are capable of providing us a rocket propulsion system, an advanced rocket propulsion system that can replace the RD-180 by 2019? Mr. Meyerson and Ms. Van Kleeck both answered that in their opening statement.    Mr. Culbertson, I was interested in your opening statement, you implied that you all are going to get into competition for this replacement engine. Was that an accurate interpretation of your opening statement?    Mr. Rogers. Excellent.    Mr. Thornburg, are you all planning on getting in that competition for a replacement engine for the RD-180? And can you have it done by 2019?    Mr. Rogers. My understanding is you are talking about you can use your Falcon 9 1.1 and Falcon Heavy when it is certified to compete for this mission, but you are not planning to get in the competition to develop a propulsion system to fit on the Atlas V?    Mr. Rogers. I heard you make reference to both the Merlin and the Raptor. If those, in fact, would work in some way with a launch system, would you be willing to sell those to other U.S. companies, launch companies?    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Culbertson, you wanted to be recognized?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. That's what I thought. You had me excited for a minute there. I want a new engine. I don't want a new rocket. We want something to replace the RD-180 and if not be a drop-in fit on the Atlas V, something that doesn't require a whole lot of modifications to work on the Atlas V. I understand all of you all like what you have got. And I know Mr. Bruno wants a new rocket and a launch system. That is awesome, as long as we are not paying for it. We want an engine to be able to get our critical missions into space in a timely fashion. And 2019, as you know, is a critical time for us. I will now go back to the two people I know are going to compete for it, Mr. Meyerson and Ms. Van Kleeck. And we will start with Mr. Meyerson. Will the cost of your engine be comparable to what we are currently paying for the RD-180?    Mr. Rogers. Ms. Van Kleeck.    Mr. Rogers. Okay. I want to stay with you, Ms. Van Kleeck, for a minute. Mr. Bruno, in his opening statement, made reference to the fact that you were 16 months behind Blue Origin in your development of your engine. Could you address that observation? And what does he mean by that?    Mr. Rogers. 2018 or 2019?    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Meyerson, tell us what your schedule is. When do you think you will complete certification?    Mr. Rogers. Now, you made reference to the Vulcan in your opening statement. And I know Mr. Bruno really wants to have a Vulcan launch system.    Mr. Rogers. We are interested in the Atlas or I am in my questioning. Will your engine work on the Atlas with modifications? And how significant a modification would it take?    Mr. Rogers. We would have to have a new launch system?    Mr. Rogers. Okay.    Mr. Bruno, let's talk about this Vulcan system. Tell me where that came from and when you see that happening and how does that play into what we are doing right now. Given, you know, our previous testimony and my comments publicly and our conversations privately, I feel very strongly, I just want a replacement for the RD-180. Why are we talking about the Vulcan?    Mr. Rogers. I will get back to you all on my next round of questions. I want to turn to my friend now from Tennessee, the ranking member, for any questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you very much.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Coffman, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Lamborn, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman. I will start our second round of questions. I was listening to my buddy from Tennessee when he was talking about his Chevy and dropping a new engine in and how sometimes that wasn't all that easy because, you know, I made it very clear, my priority is to re-engine the Atlas V. And it just reminded me as he was talking, he and I had the true privilege to meet with an American treasure earlier this week, retired General Tom Stafford, also an Apollo astronaut. And we both visited this topic with him, you know, how big a deal is this to re-engine this rocket? And he basically said: It is nothing. We re-engined fighter jets for generations. And that is much more complicated than what we are talking about here.    And so, with that backdrop, Mr. Culbertson, your company is in the process of changing the engine in the Antares launch vehicle from the NK-33 to the RD-181 Russian engine, is that correct?    Mr. Rogers. Considering your current experience, how reasonable is it to change an engine to an existing launch vehicle?    Mr. Rogers. Great. Ms. Van Kleeck, you have already heard some reference to it today in the interchange with the ranking member, and in the next panel, we are going to hear that it is going to cost a significant amount of money to re-engine the Atlas V with the AR1. Can you address where 200--and as I understand it, you are going to hear it is going to cost at least $200 million to modify the Atlas V for the AR1. Can you address that?    Mr. Rogers. For the AR1?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Mr. Meyerson, same question.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Tell me, Mr. Bruno has stated that both the BE-4 and the AR1 would work on the Atlas V with modifications. One with more modifications than the other. Can you describe the extent to which we would have to modify the Atlas V for your engine to work?    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Bruno, I would love for you to visit this topic.    Mr. Rogers. Let me stop you there. Will the combined thrust of the two engines be comparable to the RD-180?    Mr. Rogers. Okay.    Mr. Rogers. $200 million, I think, we are going to hear from the Air Force later.    Mr. Rogers. Do you think that's an accurate?    Mr. Rogers. That is for the AR1?    Mr. Rogers. So getting you those modifications moves you towards the new rocket system you want, but is not necessary for the replacement engine that we are pursuing, or that I am pursuing?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Now that is the AR1 we are talking about. Let us talk about the BE-4.    Mr. Rogers. So what the does $200 million figure turn into with the BE-4 as the down-selected engine?    Mr. Rogers. So $600 to $800 million?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Let's talk about the other infrastructure involved when we change--let's say we do change to a new rocket. And I am not saying I am ready to go there, but what else is required for the launch? I mean, modifications other than just the rocket. Don't you have to change the infrastructure that you use for the launch process?    Mr. Rogers. Are those costs a part of the tripling or quadrupling?    Mr. Rogers. So that was a comprehensive figure.    Maybe I missed it, but were you able to explain the difference in the 16 months of lead that you assert the Blue Origin has over Aerojet in their development?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. Thank you. This would be for all the witnesses. Do you agree that the government should own the intellectual property of any investment it makes in a new propulsion system?    Mr. Meyerson, I know you are talking about your private money. But if we are going to invest money in it, do you believe that we should own some of the intellectual value?    Mr. Rogers. Ms. Van Kleeck.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Culbertson.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Thornburg.    Mr. Rogers. Now, I am a recovering attorney, so two of you used the term fully invest, Mr. Meyerson and Mr. Thornburg.    What if we paid for 60 percent of the development cost, is that something that you believe should inhibit our owning a percentage of the intellectual property's value? Let's start with Mr. Thornburg.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Meyerson.    Mr. Rogers. That is one of my concerns. We have already set aside a little over $400 million for this, and we project that by the time it is all said and done, $1.3- to $1.5 billion is going to be spent in pursuit of this new engine, and as much as $800 million or more may be paid for by the Federal Government. So it just seems to me that there should be some interest that we have in the intellectual property that arises out of that.    I want to ask the witnesses this, and this is for all the witnesses: Are there clear requirements from the Air Force as we go into this process about what they are expecting, and do you think they are not only clear, but fair and reasonable?    Mr. Meyerson.    Mr. Rogers. Ms. Van Kleeck.    Mr. Rogers. Yes, ma'am.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Culbertson. I am sorry.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Thornburg.    Mr. Rogers. Mr. Bruno, do you have any comment on this? You are not building an engine, but you are going to be buying it.    Mr. Rogers. Are they fair and reasonable?    Mr. Rogers. Great. A couple of cleanup questions. This is for Ms. Van Kleeck. Your history is partnering with launch service providers or being a launch service prime when developing a new engine. Why do you believe that this approach is not appropriate in this situation?    Mr. Rogers. Okay. And then finally, Mr. Bruno. As ULA moves forward with a new Vulcan launch vehicle, can you tell the committee if you intend to mitigate your risk by carrying forward both the AR1 and BE-4 as design options? If not, why not? And if yes, when will you be able to require--be able to down select a new single option?    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you very much.    The ranking member is recognized for any additional questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    I would note, when Congress messed up last year, it was with language the private sector gave us to put in that bill. We didn't dream up that language.    Let's go to the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine, for any additional questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman. And I concur with that completely.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Coffman, for any additional questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Colorado, Mr. Lamborn, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you.    Really, I appreciate all of you all.    Mr. Thornburg, you made a great point when you emphasized we got ourselves into this situation, and the ranking member did, when the U.S. stopped investing heavily enough in this technology and developing where we need to be and where we should have been before now. But our full attention is focused on the matter now, and we appreciate you being here.    I would remind all the witnesses, we are going to keep the record open for at least 10 days in case any members have any additional questions they would like to ask you to respond to for the record, and I would appreciate a timely response to those.    We are about to have another panel of government witnesses. I very much hope you will listen to them and let us know what you think about what they say, because it will continue to help us as we continue to grow and develop in trying to move this policy in the right direction.    And with that, we stand in recess for this panel to adjourn and then bring the new panel in.    Mr. Rogers. I would now like to welcome the experts for our second panel. I want to thank you all for coming here today and preparing for it. We have the Honorable Katrina McFarland, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition; General John Hyten, Commander, Air Force Space Command.    And, General Hyten and Ms. McFarland, it is great to have you back to testify on this topic. We truly appreciate your opinions.    And we also look forward to hearing from Lieutenant General Sam Greaves, Commander, Air Force Space and Missile Command Center. And we also have Dr. Mike Griffin, who is representing himself today, but he was deputy chair of the SecDef's RD-180 Availability Risk Mitigation Study, and he is also a former NASA Administrator.    Ms. McFarland, I will turn it over to you to start with. You are recognized for 5 minutes to summarize your opening statement.    I will tell all the witnesses, your opening statements in full will be submitted for the record. If you would just like to summarize with your time, we will get right to questions.    Ms. McFarland.STATEMENT OF HON. KATRINA G. McFARLAND, ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF     Mr. Rogers. Without objection, so ordered.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, Ms. McFarland.    General Hyten, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    General Hyten. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member Cooper, distinguished members of the subcommittee. It is an honor to appear before you again to talk about this important issue with my distinguished colleagues. Thank you all for your continued efforts to work this hard topic, because, as Ms. McFarland said, it is a very difficult topic to try to work through.    So I believe everybody has been fortunate enough to witness our Nation's evolution in space power, while our combatant theater commanders have fully realized how fundamental space-based effects are to every military operation that takes place on the globe today. However, these capabilities are merely an illusion without assured access to space. With today's national reliance on space capabilities, assured access has gone from important to imperative and remains one of our highest priorities.    The launch industry has fundamentally changed over the last few decades. The Air Force no longer owns the vehicles we launch. We purchase access to space as a service. And industry is now investing large amounts of private capital in developing new engines and rockets, and we are collaborating closely with them to determine how best to invest in public-private partnerships and U.S.-made rocket propulsion system.    So within context of assured access to space, it is absolutely critical that we move as fast as we can to eliminate reliance on the Russian RD-180 rocket engine. The United States should not remain dependent on another nation to assure access to space, and we need an American hydrocarbon engine. That will be a significant challenge, but we think, with the efforts and ingenuity of our government and industry teams, it is possible to develop an American engine by 2019.    However, the engine still has to be made into a rocket. It still has to be made into a complete space launch system. And even if that system looks similar to the Atlas V, we still need to integrate that new engine, test it, certify it, and that is going to take another year or two once the engine is developed. We do not want to be in a position where significant resources have been expended on a rocket engine and no commercial provider has built or modified the necessary rocket.    This subcommittee can be assured of our commitment toward competition and a healthy space launch industrial base as we move as fast as we can towards U.S.-built rocket engines. Thank you for your support. I look forward to continuing in partnership, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, General Hyten.    General Greaves, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    General Greaves. Chairman Rogers, Ranking Member Cooper, and distinguished members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today.    Space capabilities are essential to the American way of life, and they multiply the effectiveness of our warfighters. Thanks to the efforts of the men and women of the Space and Missile Systems Center, our many contractors, and many mission partners, we continue to deliver worldwide precision navigation, threat warning, protected strategic and tactical communications, and many other capabilities from space.    As we have all come to know, space launch is a key to providing all of that capability. We address the critical nature of space launch through a policy of assured access to space. Maintaining at least two reliable launch systems is a credible method for continued access to space should one suffer a grounding event. As part of this approach, we purchase launch services on a commercial basis, leveraging America's most important source of innovation and national economic strength, our free market.    These two concepts, assured access to space and competition, are the cornerstones of our national launch policy. They guide our implementation as we execute the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act, which outlines the use of the RD-180 and mandates that we develop a next-generation rocket propulsion system.    In response, I will emphasize that the Air Force is 100 percent committed to transitioning off of the RD-180 for national security space launch as quickly and as prudently as possible to a domestically produced liquid- or solids-based rocket propulsion system.    From our perspective, solely replacing the RD-180 with a new engine is not the complete solution, since rockets are heavily influenced by engine design. Even a drop-in replacement which closely matches the RD-180 physical interfaces and performance would require modifications to launch vehicle structures, the fuel and oxydizer feedlines, and the heat shields to accommodate even minor differences in performance.    As was mentioned by the previous panel, the thrust vector control and throttling of the RD-180 engine is a critical characteristic of the Atlas V. The new engine's thrust vectoring and throttling will require changes to the electronic control systems and significant engineering analysis to develop new flight profiles to launch the various satellites.    So, in other words, a rocket engine specifically engineered to replace the RD-180 on the Atlas would most likely be usable only for ULA's Atlas and not by any other launch service provider without significant modifications to the engine and/or the launch vehicle. We also do not believe this would meet the intent of open competition.    Additionally, as a product of our market research, we found that if we procured an engine not designed for a specific launch vehicle, commercial providers would be unlikely to build a rocket around it without the government also funding the redesign of their launch vehicles, adding time, cost, and risk we cannot afford.    So the Air Force is pursuing a strategy of shared investment with industry using public-private partnerships at the launch service level. The goal of this plan is to produce at least two domestic, commercially viable launch systems, including the accompanying liquid-fuel engines or solid rocket motors.    In our research, we assess that industry timelines predicting complete rocket propulsion systems by 2019 are aggressive. History has consistently shown that developing, testing, and maturing an engine takes 6 to 7 years, with another year or two beyond that to be able to integrate into the launch vehicle.    Now, with all that said, we are moving fast, very fast on this. To execute this plan, we have developed an aggressive four-step acquisition strategy to reach this end state as quickly as possible. Step one pursues technical maturation and risk-reduction efforts, building our expertise within the U.S. Step two targets shared investments in rocket propulsion system development. Step three guides the transition of our shared investments into the provider's launch system. And finally, step four directs the acquisition of launch services to meet national security space requirements.    As we move forward, our overall goal is to preserve assured access to space by maintaining our laser focus on mission success. Our approach will accomplish this by supporting competition where it credibly exists and by acquiring space launch as a service from certified, commercially viable providers using domestically produced rocket propulsion systems. If we do this, we will be on a path to transitioning off of the RD-180 and having at least two domestically produced, commercially viable launch providers that are certified to meet national security space requirements by the end of fiscal year 2022.    Thank you for your support in helping us get here, and I look forward to your questions.    Mr. Rogers. Thank you, General Greaves.    Dr. Griffin, you are recognized for 5 minutes.    Mr. Rogers. It certainly will.    Well, listen, before I get into my questions that I prepared, you heard the previous panel. Is anybody just chomping at the bit to take on something that came out in that previous panel that you think the committee needs to hear for sure?    Dr. Griffin.    Mr. Rogers. Okay.    Anybody else? Anything that just jumps out at you?    You know, you all heard me hope optimistically that more than two companies are going to be competing for this engine, and I hope that we wind up with three or four or more getting into this competition when it really gets going.    All right. In last year's 2014 space hearing, I asked the witnesses if they think developing a competitively acquired next-generation engine available to all U.S. providers that could effectively replace the RD-180 was important. General Shelton, the predecessor of General Hyten, stated, quote, ``I would be a strong supporter of that if we can find the money to do it,'' close quote. Mr. Gil Clinger, who used to work for Ms. McFarland, stated, quote, ``I think in the long run it is in the interest of the United States Government to develop a next-generation rocket, U.S.-produced rocket engine,'' close quote.    We took their advice and directed the Department to build a domestic propulsion system that ends our reliance on the engines by 2019, and we provided $220 million just to get started.    But, now, when I read your plan, it is not clear to me that we are focused on developing a domestic engine. What has changed since that testimony?    And I would like to ask all the witnesses: In your professional judgment, if we have two options--one, to replace an engine with a proven technology or, two, to build a new engine with an unproven technology, new launch vehicle, and new infrastructure--what is the low risk, most expedient, and the least cost to the taxpayers?    Anybody that wants to take it on.    General Hyten.    General Hyten. So, Mr. Chairman, I will make two comments, and then I will turn it over to my fellow members on the panel.    So the first comment is that the United States leads the world in two elements of the rocket engine business. We lead the world in solids, and we lead the world in liquid oxygen/hydrogen engines. I think we should lead the world in every category of engine development. The one we don't lead in is hydrocarbon development.    I believe the United States, no matter what the rest of this discussion goes on, the United States should develop a technology program that builds hydrocarbon technology for the United States across the board. I think it is essential to what we do as a country. We have avoided that for about 20 years, and we ought to take that on and go forward to that, however this turns out.    The second issue is what has changed. What has changed since the last time we talked is we actually have a bill, we have a National Defense Authorization Act, that gave us very specific guidance. And the guidance said that we need to pursue engines that grow to a domestic alternative for national security space launches. It tells us they have to be made in the United States; I think all the previous panel did that. They said they have to meet the requirements of the national security space community; I think they did that. Developed not later than 2019; that is a challenge, but we heard that. And then be developed using full and open competition.    That full and open competition is exactly the structure we put in place. We were specifically told by the law not to go to a specific vendor, not to go build a specific engine, but to go look at full and open competition across the industry. And when you look at the previous panel, the thing that struck me about the previous panel that was very impressive is how much they had embraced that across the board, from Blue Origin to ULA to Aerojet Rocketdyne to Orbital ATK to SpaceX, to embrace that, to look at that place.    So the competition was very important, but when you do full and open competition, you have to go through the process to make sure it is full and open and fair across industry. That does not happen overnight.    So I would just make those two comments for the record, sir.    Mr. Rogers. General Greaves.    General Greaves. Mr. Chairman, you asked whether or not we should replace the RD-180 with technology. As the previous panel did express, we do not have the capability within the United States today to replace that engine. So whatever we come up with will be a new engine. And the AR1, BE-4, they were both mentioned.    Now, from our point of view, replacing an engine has effects on the overall capability that we plan to deliver. So we must verify the impacts of any changes to any component in the system, especially engine, on the rocket itself and our ability to deliver that capability to orbit.    So, combined with what General Hyten just mentioned, our approach is to look at the total capability, the total system, that will result from any changes to any component, to include the engine. And that is why we start from the launch service ultimate capability, assess what the impacts are, and then decide whether or not, as you will see through the four-step process that we have in place, whether or not any of the providers--and, by the way, we did have what we are referencing as a broad response from industry to the RPS proposal that we put out there that arrived a couple days ago that we are assessing right now. So there is interest. But we must look at the impacts from any changes to the rocket, to the system, on that system.    Thank you.    Mr. Rogers. Ms. McFarland.    Mr. Rogers. You heard the witnesses in the previous panel talk about the degree of modifications that would be required to take one of the new proposed rocket engines and put it on the rocket itself. And they didn't disagree with the numbers I have heard from you earlier, General Hyten, of $200 million for not just the rocket but all the infrastructure changes, and that was the floor.    Do you still believe that is at a minimum what we are going to be looking at, no matter which alternative we select?    General Hyten. Mr. Chairman, I won't disagree with what Mr. Bruno said--what his numbers are. The numbers I shared with you are the numbers I heard from Mr. Bruno.    We will know more as we actually get into the contract activities with them. General Greaves will be going down that path with him directly. But I think those are ballpark numbers that are fair to look at. But they are not tens of millions of dollars. I think $200 million is the floor.    Mr. Rogers. Is the floor.    One big change from the last assured access hearing to this hearing that has been striking to me is the idea of hitting 2019 for completion of testing and providing your system for Air Force certification seemed ambitious but realistic. Now, you have heard from the previous panel, with high degrees of confidence, they believe they are going to have not only completed testing of their systems but have completed certification easily by 2019.    General Greaves, you seem to have some real concerns about that. Do you think that is just optimism or silly?    General Greaves. Sir, I believe they are discussing certification of the engine. When we talk certification, we are talking certification of the system. So the engine, plus everything--any modification to the engine brings with it software, structures, loads, flight dynamics, processing, manufacturing. And that is what we refer to as certification.    So I do believe it is aggressive, but, then, that is only part of the answer.    Mr. Rogers. So you just created a new question for the record for all of our industry panelists, is we are going to find out if they were talking about--what certification process.    General Hyten. So, Mr. Chairman?    Mr. Rogers. Yes, General Hyten.    General Hyten. I was listening real close, and the BE-4 answer from Blue Origin, the quote was ``ready to integrate and fly in 2019,'' and the Aerojet Rocketdyne was ``certification of the engine in 2019.''    So I think that is a great question for the record, but I was listening very close to that, as well, to hear what they said about certification.    Mr. Rogers. Yeah.    Mr. Rogers. Dr. Griffin, yes, I would love to hear your thoughts on this.    Mr. Rogers. And if you would submit that for the record, I would appreciate it.    Mr. Rogers. Before I go to the ranking member, General Hyten, I want to go back to the specific language you wrote down that Blue Origin and Aerojet offered.    When Blue Origin said they would be ready to fly by 2019, how did you interpret that? Did that mean they had completed the certification process?    General Hyten. For their engine. I interpreted that as the engine would be ready for us to start into a certification flight test program in 2019.    The certification flight test program takes a year or two, usually about 2 years, to go through from a very first flight of an engine. So that was interesting to me because----    Mr. Rogers. And what does the Aerojet language mean to you?    General Hyten. What the Aerojet language means to me was a similar thing, except they said by the end of 2019 the engine would be ready. And they didn't say ready to fly on a rocket; they said it would be ready by the end of 2019.    Mr. Rogers. Which you interpreted as meaning having completed the certification process?    General Hyten. The engine, not the system.    Mr. Rogers. So, in either case, you are talking about just the engine, not the system.    General Hyten. And that is what I heard from both of them. I heard the engine would be ready in 2019 at best.    But I think it is important to point out that both of those technologies have significant challenges that they are going to have to work through. Now, I believe that industry on both sides, especially on the competitive environment, can aggressively pursue those and get through those.    But methane, as I think a number of the members of committee talked about, is a new endeavor when you get above 250,000 pounds of thrust. And this lox-rich staged combustion across the board has not been done yet. So there are still technical risks to pursue in either activity that we need to remember.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Thank you.    The ranking member is recognized for any questions that he may have.    Mr. Rogers. And I would respond to the ranking member's question with last year's NDAA specific language on this.    ``The agreement includes the House provision with an amendment that would direct the Secretary of Defense to develop a rocket propulsion system that is made in the United States, is developed no later than 2019 using full and open competition, meets the requirements of the national security space community, and is available for purchase by all space launch providers of the United States.''    We note that this provision is, quote, ``not an authorization for funds for development of a new launch vehicle,'' period.    And I will submit that for the record.    Mr. Rogers. And the point the ranking member is making is one I completely agree with. It is one of my frustrations in this world that is so complex that we have these short tenures of really sharp people like you. And it would be awful nice if we could make those, instead of 3-year tenures, 6 years or thereabouts.    Anyway, the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. Bridenstine, is recognized.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Coffman from Colorado.    Mr. Rogers. I thank the gentleman.    The Chair now recognizes Mr. Lamborn of Colorado for any additional questions he may have.    Mr. Rogers. Glad to. I appreciate the questions.    I mentioned this earlier--I think it was during our first panel--that the House version of the NDAA for 2016 in this subject matter area and the Senate language is different. So this will be a question for all the witnesses.    Please comment on the impact of the current fiscal year 2016 NDAA Senate language regarding the prohibition of Russian rocket engines. Are nine engines from the 2015 to 2017 timeframe enough to maintain assured access to space and keep competition going? Why does this issue need to be addressed now?    Ms. McFarland.    Mr. Rogers. General Hyten.    General Hyten. And then the follow-on to that is, as we go to Phase 2----    Mr. Rogers. Well, first, do you concur with that?    General Hyten. I concur with what Ms. McFarland just said. And it goes further than that, because my biggest concern is really when we get into Phase 2, which is the period between 18 and 22, where we have approximately 28 launches that we are going to manifest. There would be no Atlases available to compete for those launches at that time. That brings the whole discussion that we had a little while ago about the viability of ULA to get through that period--that is an even bigger concern for me as we get into Phase 2.    Mr. Rogers. So I want to make sure that for the record we understand. Both Ms. McFarland and General Hyten are saying that the nine engines are not enough to maintain assured access to space?    General Hyten. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. Okay.    General Greaves, you had something you wanted to say?    General Greaves. Chairman, I concur entirely. It gets back to the entire discussion on whether or not ULA remains commercially viable to make the transition between today and 2022.    Mr. Rogers. And that is important because?    General Greaves. Because they need the steady stream of revenue to----    Mr. Rogers. I mean, in the big picture, we need to have two people that can----    General Greaves. Yes, sir. Assured access to space, yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. So we would be falling down on our overall goals of making sure we maintain assured access to space by having two providers.    General Greaves. Yes, sir.    Mr. Rogers. Dr. Griffin, absolutely.    Mr. Rogers. Great. You know, one of the things you will hear from the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee is: Well, you know, we can just rely on NASA to make sure we maintain this assured access to space.    Do you concur with that interpretation of our circumstance, Ms. McFarland?    Mr. Rogers. Great.    General Hyten.    General Hyten. NASA uses Atlas and Delta for most of their scientific missions today. They are working down a couple of other paths. The Space Launch System, the SLS program, is a giant rocket, a giant rocket that is built for interplanetary exploration. It is not built to put satellites in low-earth, medium-earth, or geosynchronous orbit. So the good news is we meet with NASA, the Air Force, and the NRO all the time to talk about the partnerships. And we have great technology partnerships. But they do not have a rocket system that would meet our requirements.    Mr. Rogers. General Greaves.    General Greaves. Chairman Rogers, I concur with what has been said before. One additional note is that my position also functions as the flight worthiness certification official for every national security space launch. And that set of criteria that we use--in fact, I sign letters for every one of them, that criteria that we use to certify missions that are ready to support national security space, in most cases, are somewhat different than what NASA uses because their risk tolerance is, in most cases, a little higher than ours because ours are low risk. So that would be a difference if we were told to go to NASA for these engines.    Mr. Rogers. Dr. Griffin, you used to run NASA. Do you think we ought to be relying on NASA for our assured access to space?    Mr. Rogers. General Greaves, what is the estimated cost of your four-part plan, including all necessary investments in engines, launch vehicles, and infrastructure? And what is the basis of that estimate?    General Greaves. Chairman, we do not have a final estimate. And a lot of it depends on the assessment that we are doing right now. We do have funding in the 2016 PB to address step two and step three of the four-step process. But we are looking to see what estimates we get. And we will work that in in future budgets.    Mr. Rogers. Great. Dr. Griffin, what are your thoughts on the cost of the Air Force's four-part plan versus funding an RD-180 replacement for existing launch vehicles and infrastructure?    Mr. Rogers. Ms. McFarland, what would it take to off-ramp the current Air Force plan to a path that is focused on developing an engine that complies with the law and without government development of a new launch vehicle?    Mr. Rogers. Great. General Greaves, you stated in your testimony that, quote, ``a rocket engine specifically engineered to replace the RD-180 on the Atlas would most likely be usable only for ULA's Atlas,'' closed quote. However, according to press reports, Orbital ATK wanted the RD-180 so much, they sued ULA to get access to it. That suit was settled out of court. And Orbital went up with another Russian engine. But isn't it reasonable to conclude that the RD-180 would be flying on an Atlas and Antares today if Orbital had access to the RD-180?    General Greaves. Chairman, the answer is yes. But I believe what I also said is that without significant modification to the receiving launch system, the launch vehicle--so, yes, the RD-180 could be transitioned to another launch system, but it would come with mods .    Mr. Rogers. General Hyten, there are claims that industry doesn't need any money to get off the RD-180 or the solutions are fully funded. In your judgment, can we just rely on industry to provide us the capabilities we need for our military? In the end, will the government need to pay for its requirements?    General Hyten. No, we can't, Congressman, in my opinion, and I think Dr. Griffin answered this well earlier when he talked about the business case that is really out there. And if you look at the business case, the business case is national security space launches, which means this is national security mission, which means we need to be able to fund the critical elements of the industrial base to make sure that is there. And, right now, that element of the industrial base is not there to support where we need to go in the future. I think it is the responsibility of the Department of Defense and the government to make sure that industrial base is there for national security.    Mr. Rogers. Excellent. I have many more questions. But I am going to submit them to you all to get back to us for the record because it is noon, and we have worn out our welcome with you all, I am afraid. But, I very much appreciate your time and effort. You have been enormously helpful to us. And I look forward to our continuing efforts to get off this RD-180 and onto a new path of independence.    With that, this hearing is adjourned.