    Dr. Babin. Yes, sir. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really appreciate it.    A major issue that is facing my district, 36 in the State of Texas, is the integration of Highway U.S. 59 into Interstate 69. And while the benefits of this project are very numerous, there is also a very strong concern by some of my constituents that these new Federal truck weight standards will disrupt the decades-long practices of loggers and other industry.    Simply put, the route of this highway will stay the same, but new weight standards could dramatically impact the way companies throughout Texas and America do business while traversing the highway. Notably, log trucks will have to reduce their weight by 4 tons, a substantial loss with mills and logging contractors and truckers that already have very thin profit margins. Many of these loggers have already left the industry in recent years.    My first question: Throughout your time as a mayor or as the State department of transportation director, have you confronted a similar challenge as regards upgrading an existing State or U.S. highway to a Federal interstate? Are there not a number of States where weights are grandfathered in, where a State highway or a U.S. highway has become an interstate? Can you speak to that, please, sir?    Dr. Babin. Right.    Dr. Babin. Thank you.    Mr. Mayor?    Dr. Babin. Yes sir, and I appreciate that. I'm sorry that the Governor had to leave, because I am sure he has had that experience in North Carolina.    But let me follow up. Hearing what I have said, would you recommend that policymakers in Congress and the Department of Transportation err on the side of grandfathering in longstanding traditions, such as truck weights, when a highway is being upgraded to an interstate? Especially to preserve the integrity of the biggest interest group in industry, in this part of my district, in what we call DPS Texas. Because I know there are some other States that have done this in the past. Because that is a substantial drop in a payload, a cargo of logs, to go from 88,000 pounds to be specific in the State of Texas, down to 80,000 pounds. That's 4 tons. Would you recommend erring on the side of the industry?    Dr. Babin. Yeah. I'm asking you if you think it would be wise for policymakers in Congress, and with the Department of Transportation, to side on the grandfathering of longstanding traditions, and make a grandfather clause, if you would, for these truckers and these people in the timber industry in my part of the State of Texas, so that they don't have to lose 4 tons of cargo in an industry that is already operating on very thin profit margins.    Dr. Babin. Thank you.    Dr. Babin. Thank you.