    Mr. Mica. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you for holding this hearing.    Mr. Whitaker, what is today's date?    Mr. Mica. What year?    Mr. Mica. And the legislation that we passed in 2012, the FAA Modernization Reform Act, had a directive to FAA. And what deadline did it set for you to finish the work that was assigned in the law on drones?    Mr. Mica. So we are behind schedule, obviously. If you review the record, when we passed this in 2012--and I believe that was February. Was it, staff? Yes. By the next year, 2013, you had completed the plan that is also required under the law, which was a good step.    You didn't propose the rule until January 20th of this year, right?    Mr. Mica. And you have had--the rule came out in February, so you have had February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September. We are just into October, so you have had 8 months to finalize that rule, and now you are saying that--and the rule--does the real rule just deal with the small aircraft?    Mr. Mica. Under 55 pounds. Because I think we allowed a differentiation between small and large.    And you--at least the testimony I have heard is some time in 2016. Can you be more specific with ``some time''?    Mr. Mica. But the ``some time'' in 2016----    Mr. Mica. February, March, April?    Mr. Mica. So not until next June?    Mr. Mica. What about large?    Mr. Mica. Well, again, I am disappointed. What will probably propel this--maybe actually propel your schedule--is going to be a very serious accident, an incident. I can almost predict there will be one. There are just so many of these now flying, that it is almost inevitable that we have a drone hit an aircraft, and there will be, probably, injuries and hopefully not fatalities.    And this--these drones are up to 55 pounds. I remember going to a testing center when they would throw, like, a 40-pound frozen bird or something into an aircraft engine, and I saw what that did. These can do as much damage. And, you know, I don't need another test to show what would happen. But it probably will happen. Maybe that will speed things up.    You have had how many incidents? You said aircraft with drones that were somewhat serious, is it 200, 400? Captain Canoll, do you know?    Mr. Mica. OK. FAA, do you know how many have you had reported?    Mr. Mica. One hundred a month? That is 1,200 a year. And so far you have sighted about--there has been about 20 enforcement actions. Did I hear that?    Mr. Mica. That seems very low.    The other thing, too, is in your plan--and I haven't reviewed the pending rule--do you have a provision for requiring--and maybe you can't do this, maybe we have to do it by law, but hundreds of thousands of these are being sold. A simple warning that says that you can't fly this within so close to an airport at such a height, that is not on the--required now on the sale of the unit. Is it in your proposal?    And can you do that, and--or should we do that by law? Because I think just letting people know when they purchase one of these what their obligations are is important.    Mr. Mica. Is it in your rule, proposed rule?    Mr. Mica. Yes.    Mr. Mica. So possibly----    Mr. Mica . A law. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Yield back.