    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    As you know, I come from Minnesota, and when I arrived here to Congress, some of the advice I received was focus on an area that is not only in your wheelhouse but it is important to your state, as opposed to getting involved in everything. Minnesota is still home to 19 Fortune 500 companies, and our two biggest private economic drivers are agriculture and manufacturing. Our state is all about trade, including trade with Canada and Mexico. In fact, Canada is Minnesota's top export market, and it is our number one export market for agriculture and agrifood.    The questions that I have, and I will try to keep them brief, is first, many of you have talked about the effects of retaliation to your producers or members, but what would these retaliations look like to the average person buying a pound of ground beef at the grocery store, or an office chair at Office Depot? Can you give me an idea what that will look like to the consumer?    Mr. Emmer. It would be great, Mr. Smith, if you could give me an idea----    Mr. Emmer. Right.    Mr. Smith.--tomato paste, three of the commodities that we are very big in producing as well.    Mr. Emmer. And I appreciate that. I just was going back to Mr. Weber's original testimony, and he has a figure in there that shows Minnesota could lose depending on $2 to $4 billion in retaliation, somewhere between 250 and 500 jobs. Since we have short time, the question I want to ask, the last one, to all of you is, in lieu of the conflicting data that surrounds the cost and benefits of COOL, does anyone see a solution that would be satisfactory to all parties involved, and perhaps maybe not you, Mr. Smith, based on your testimony, but a solution that would be satisfactory to everyone and WTO compliant?    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. That is not really helpful to me. I was looking for a solution as opposed to an argument.    So I yield back, Mr. Chairman. And thank I the witnesses for their time.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired.    Mr. Yoho, 3\1/2\ minutes.