    Mr. Garrett. I thank the Chair.    So, Mr. Chairman, you said at the outset, ``I would be delighted to answer your questions if you would just give me the time.''    Mr. Secretary, we gave you the time to answer some questions that were submitted to you after the last hearing, which was back in March, and, lo and behold, it took your appearance here today before we got the answers to them. In other words, at 11:18 last night, we got the answers.    That is March, April, May, and now halfway through June. So we do give you a lot of time. But it is just a pattern, I guess, of this Administration of ducking the questions and evading the answers. And it is certainly a pattern of yours of obfuscation in all these things and not giving a clear answer. You have such disdain for the American public that we have to bring you before this committee before you would simply answer the American public's question?    Mr. Chairman, you asked a question, is it a factor, the Volcker Rule, and the Secretary couldn't answer it.    And yet, Mr. Secretary, you were able to come up with a litany of other factors. You said it was a factor with regard to, the time that it was happening, high-frequency trading was a factor, volume was a factor. So you ran off all those--correct?--that those were all factors.    But then did you say that regulation and Volcker is not a factor? Is that the final answer?    Mr. Garrett. It is complicated. I understand. And you listed the other four factors.    All we want is a simple question. You did say that in the blip, there was no evidence of regulation being a factor in that blip. Correct?    Mr. Garrett. Okay. So is it your understanding, further, going forward, that Volcker, therefore, is not a factor in any of this?    Mr. Garrett. Is it a factor?    Mr. Garrett. You listed four other factors. Is this one of the factors?    Mr. Garrett. Do you know whether this one is a factor?    Mr. Garrett. So you knew the other factors, and you don't know this factor. That is--    Mr. Garrett. --the end of those questions.    Mr. Garrett. No. You are just--    Mr. Garrett. You were given the chance to answer the question, Mr. Secretary.    Reclaiming my time, with regard to the FSOC and the FSB, I appreciate that the FSOC has announced that it has a process with regard to the listing of the potential risk associated in going forward in the designations.    Is there such a process with FSB, as far as a due process system in place there, that we are trying to get to with FSOC?    Mr. Garrett. I understand that.    Mr. Garrett. I understand that.    Mr. Garrett. I understand that.    Mr. Garrett. I understand that.    Mr. Garrett. So is there a process, nonetheless, of due process for the companies--    Mr. Garrett. So it is not a due process, it is a different process, is what you are saying?    Mr. Garrett. Within that process right now, the FSOC is asserting its authority with regard to new roles with their disclosures to asset managers and the like, and I am sure you are familiar with that.    Mr. Garrett. And I know the FSOC had previously been looking at that issue.    Until the SEC finalizes that, will you go to the FSB and suggest that they make no final determination with the asset managers?    Mr. Garrett. I am not asking about the basic issue. I am asking one question.    Mr. Garrett. I understand that.    Mr. Garrett. You just said that. So what I am asking you is, as a member of FSB, where you have told us repeatedly it is done on a consensus basis, I am asking, when you go back and try to get a consensus, will you say as your position is until your regulator, the SEC, which is working on this, you would ask FSB to stand down for now until this decision is made over here.    Mr. Garrett. I gotcha.    Mr. Garrett. I gotcha. I understand all that. You are being thorough, diplomatic, and all the rest.    Simple question: Until the SEC finishes their process, will you use your capacity to say the FSB should stand down in this area? That is a simple yes-or-no question too.    Mr. Garrett. I didn't think that you did. I am just asking you, would you--    Mr. Garrett. I doubt that they can. But can you assert your authority in that regard to try to do so?    Mr. Garrett. No, I am not asking about a consensus process. I am trying to ask you whether you will use your authority as the American Secretary--    Mr. Garrett. --of the Treasury to represent the American companies on their behalf?    Mr. Garrett. Yes. Well--