    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Before I start, I'd like to enter into the record two articles. One is from the Toronto Star, titled <greek-l>D1 deg.``Encrypted Evidence Is Increasingly Hampering Criminal Investigations, Police Say.'' And another one is from the Baton Rouge Advocate, which says, <greek-l>D2 deg.``The Brittney Mills Murder Case Has Put Baton Rouge in the Middle of the National Cell Phone Encryption Debate.''    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And let me just say, and Director Comey, you have mentioned the Brittney Mills case a number of times, and I just want to paint the scenario for everyone in the room and put a face with it. This is Brittney Mills, and this is Brittney Mills almost 8 months pregnant with her daughter. In May of last year, Brittney was murdered in my district. She was a mother. She was 8 months pregnant with her second child at the time. Someone came to her door and killed her, and a couple days later, her unborn child--or born child also died. And according to her family and her friends, she kept a very detailed diary in her phone. And her family, who are here today, Ms. Mills, Ms. Barbara Mills, will you please stand, and Tia and Roger, her family would like the phone opened so that our district attorney, who is also here today--thank you for standing--our district attorney, who is also here today, Hillar Moore, can use that to attempt to find the murderer who committed this crime.    And I guess my question is, we balance privacy, public safety, and criminal justice, but are we in danger of creating an underground criminal sanctuary for some very disturbed people, and how do we balance that?    Mr. Richmond. Well, and I do appreciate your saying we have to talk to each other, because just in the small time that I was able to put the representatives of Apple and the district attorney in the room, I think we made some progress and maybe some alternatives, and maybe we'll get somewhere. But it is a very difficult balancing act, and I think the people from Apple are very well intentioned and have some real concerns.    But let me ask you this. I took a congressional delegation trip over to the Ukraine. And when we landed our plane, we were on the runway, and our security advisors came on to the back and said, if you don't want your phone hacked and people to have access to your text messages, your pictures, your emails, and everything else, we advise you to power your phone off and leave it on the plane. And no one is in close enough proximity right now to do it, so if you need to make a call, make a call, but when we get closer to the terminal, you need to power that phone down.    So does Ukraine have better technology--well, they were really worried about Russian hackers. But does Russia have that much of a technology advantage over us that they can get into my phone while I'm on it and it's in my possession, and we can't get into a phone that we have in our possession?    Mr. Richmond. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I see my time has expired.    Mr. Richmond. And I'm happy to follow Luis, because I guess we're going to start--I'll start where he left off. And I think about a 9-year-old girl who asked, you know, why can't they open the phone so we can see who killed my mother, because I was there and heard it happen.    So let me start with this: If the FBI developed the ability to brute force open a phone, would you have a position on that?    Mr. Richmond. Yes.    Mr. Richmond. But are you okay with it?    Mr. Richmond. Well, I'm not asking you about the encryption. If they could brute force open a phone, do you have a problem with that? I think that's just an easy question.    Mr. Richmond. Let me ask you another question, because I see you're a lawyer, I'm a lawyer, and I would feel awful if I didn't ask this. Brittney Mills----    Mr. Richmond. In a second. Let me get through this question.    Brittney Mills had a 5S phone operating on an 8.2 iOS. Does Apple, any employee, subcontractor, subsidiary, or anyone that you know of possess the knowledge or the ability to open that phone? Or unlock that phone?    Mr. Richmond. Look, and I'm not suggesting that you all don't, but I just want to--I want to know, does anybody have the ability to unlock the phone first? And if you tell me no, then I get a no in public on the record and I feel a lot better about what I'm doing.    Mr. Richmond. Right. And I'm not asking about creating anything. I'm saying does it exist now? Do you know anybody--or does anyone have the ability to do it right now?    Mr. Richmond. Now--and I--oh, I'm sorry. Ms. Landau. I promised to let you answer.    Mr. Richmond. So what would be your feeling if the FBI developed a technology that they can plug something into the iPhone----    Mr. Richmond. So they're antiquated?    Mr. Richmond. Sure.    Mr. Richmond. And I'm glad you cleared that up, because I want to make sure that everybody understands what I'm saying. I don't think any of this should happen without a court order.    Now, you know, maybe I watch too many movies, and maybe I listen to Trey Gowdy too much. Some people would suggest if I listen to him at all, that's too much. But in the instance that there's a terrorist that has put the location of a nuclear bomb on the phone, and he dies, how long would it take Apple to develop the technology to tell us where that nuclear bomb was, or would Apple not be able to develop that technology to tell us in a short period of time?    Mr. Richmond. Thank you.    Mr. Chairman, can I just clarify, because I don't want anyone to leave out of here thinking that Apple has not been cooperative with our district attorney in the effort to access the data, and, in fact, they came up with new suggestions, but my questions are just about the government's ability to just brute open a phone at any point with a court order. So I don't want to suggest that Apple has not been working diligently with my DA, who's also been working diligently. So thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.