    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Under Secretary Taylor, first thank you so much for your service in the U.S. Army and your time in Iraq. It is much appreciated.    First question to you. It is my understanding that the USDA is going to commit about $100 million to fund some biofuel infrastructure. Can you explain what authority is being used to do that?    Mr. Abraham. I am for it. We grow corn in Louisiana, too, just like you do in Iowa. But the authority is coming from the     Mr. Abraham. Okay. Mr. Dolcini, could you bring us up to speed on the Microloan Program. How is it being serviced? What is the average size of the loan? Are they performing well? Those types of questions.    Mr. Abraham. And they are performing well----    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Thank you. And, Mr. Karsting, tell me your hopes or predictions on the American business or agribusiness outcomes in the TPP negotiations.    Mr. Abraham. Do you see the same positive, hopeful outcome with T-TIP also, or is that going to be a little harder negotiation?    Mr. Abraham. I understand.    Ms. Taylor.--than what we experience in TPP----    Mr. Abraham. Right.    Ms. Taylor.--and are trying to resolve. I talk to Europeans consistently about this, and market access, reducing tariffs, is certainly something we have to address, but without addressing our SPS issues, the non-tariff barriers, that we are experiencing with Europe, those market access reductions, those tariff reductions, are meaningless; and so we really need to see progress on both within the context of T-TIP.    With Europe we actually have a trade deficit, anywhere from $23 to $40+ billion in trade surplus on average from agriculture every year. We have a trade deficit almost every year with Europe because of some of these non-tariff barriers, so we are working hard to address those in the context of the negotiations.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back. Mr. Yoho, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chief Wagner, I will ask you this question, but certainly the other two may have answers. Hurricane Katrina hit Louisiana about 10 years ago. We just, unfortunately, recognized that 10 year anniversary. Forest Service came in, did an NEPA study within 60 days. I think within a month or 2, we were salvaging timber. Things were working well, a very efficient process.    And I guess the question is, why has the timeline now gone from the 2 months to over a year for an environmental analysis? Because I have people in my district that are asking for an analysis, and it has been over a year in some cases. So what is the difference between 10 years ago, 2 month timeline for environmental analysis, and now over a year? Is there different personnel? What is going on?    Mr. Abraham. But, if I remember right, and I can certainly look back, that that contract was done without any extraordinary clauses in the contract. It was just a, pretty much a normal day at the office, so to speak, as far as getting that done within that 2 month period.    Mr. Abraham. I think that is the point, is back 10 years ago when the Forest Service came in, there were no extraordinary clauses, so it wasn't designated as an emergency response even though we all know it was. But we move forward 10 years and now, also not deemed an emergency response. It has taken well over a year just to get the analysis back. And I am just asking for my constituents, because we get the calls, what is the difference? How can we facilitate to expedite that process for you guys?    Mr. Abraham. I appreciate that. We have some issues down in the southern part of my district. Their perception is that they are getting stonewalled, and I would just like to give them a good, logical explanation to open up the discussion.    Another question that whoever wants to answer. I understand the Chairman here and Chairman Lamar Smith back on the 1st of July this year requested documents on the EPA's recent NAAQS rule and its effect on the Forest Service burning. My understanding, and please correct me if I am wrong, that they got a response but they haven't received any documents. Is there any timetable as to when those documents may be forthcoming on this NAAQS rule?    Mr. Abraham. Right. Right. Yes, on the controlled burn.    Mr. Abraham. I appreciate that.    And Chief Weller, I will ask you, what is the current backlog for wetlands right now and the determinations as to what determines a wetland or not, and how is that being handled?    Mr. Abraham. Great. Thank you.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. Thank you.    Mr. Yoho, 5 minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I thank the panel for being here.    Dr. Jacobs-Young, just go back to the avian influenza vaccine. I am from northeast Louisiana. We have large poultry farms in that area, and we are in the season where ducks and geese are migrating down as we speak.    You say ARS and APHIS, you identified the two strains, got the vaccine spooling up. Your best guess, best estimate as to when it will be turned over to commercial buyers that will make this vaccine and what are the hurdles preventing that now? Why isn't that vaccine already being produced commercially, because going to Mr. Rouzer's point on his question, we are going to need hundreds of thousands, if not, millions of doses of this vaccine?    Mr. Abraham. What is holding--I mean, do you expect that to happen pretty quickly? Time is running out on this year.    Mr. Abraham. Are there certain commercial entities that are better spooled up, better to facilitate making this vaccine, and is that under part of the negotiation as to who can do it the fastest and the best?    Mr. Abraham. Okay. Let me switch gears a little bit, but I will stay with you. Where does ARS--give me an update on y'alls relationship at MARC,    Mr. Abraham. How is that doing?    Mr. Abraham. That is a voluntary reporting to the institutional animal center, right?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Yoho, 5 minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the panel. Under Secretary Mensah, thank you for your support of rural development. I will echo my esteemed colleague, Mr. Thompson's comments, that the good people of rural America, without them, the good people of urban America would be cold, tired, and hungry every day of their life.    My district is very rural. I live myself in about the middle of a soybean field. So we appreciate USDA's presence. Most of what we hear is very positive on our end from the USDA.    I want to also echo Mr. Kelly's, and some other comments here about the broadband. We certainly lack it. For our state-of-the-art businesses, they can't do business as they should, not as quickly and not as efficiently. I was in Lake Providence, Louisiana, this past Sunday at a prayer vigil for our law enforcement and Lake Providence is a quaint town on the banks of the Mississippi River. And I looked down at my cell phone and had no service, didn't even have a bar. And this is a city that has basically no service at all. So that is near and dear certainly to my constituents that we need that and we need it very quickly.    The question on these public-private partnerships, very much needed, again. We are Louisiana Delta. We are in poverty in much of where my district is. So we look for any method of funding, and public-private partnership seems to be one of those. But like has already been said here, we certainly want the private enterprise to assume some of the risk because they will certainly assume some of the benefit if it works, and we don't want the taxpayers on the hook for the whole shebang, so to speak.    So I guess my question is, what specifically are we doing to keep the public aware and show them that these public-private partnerships are out there? What kind of dialogue are you guys having?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you. Another quick question that kind of ponies off of Mr. Crawford's question on this rural water system. We have that issue also in my district. And I know there has been a change in Census that actually affected the change in eligibility of rural water systems. How are you guys mitigating that? Again, how are you reaching out to the stakeholders and keeping them informed, that type of deal?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mr. Moolenaar, for 5 minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. And I thank the panel for being here. I actually think you men and women are an integral part of our national security because food safety is utmost on all of our minds, and certainly a place where our enemies could do us harm if they so choose. So thanks for doing a good job on that.    I will address my question to you, Secretary Almanza. I am both a veterinarian and a human physician, so the use, or lack of use, of antibiotics in our food chain is somewhat important to me, and I will hit it from two questions real quickly.    On the veterinary side, I understand the withdrawal times, but the use or the lack of use of antibiotics in the feedlots in our poultry farms, have there been studies or what's the discussion on y'alls level as to animal welfare and mortality morbidity as far as use and lack of use of antibiotics and that? And on the human side, you mention in your opening statement several food pathogens: E. coli, Salmonella, Listeria, and Campylobacter. Those we know about.    Any studies or discussions, again, at your level, as far as whether antibiotic use or lack of use does promote resistance?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    The Chairman. The gentleman yields back.    Mrs. Walorski, for 4 minutes.    Mr. Abraham. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Let's continue, Under Secretary, on this fraud issue because we all are in districts that have more people on the program than I am sure they desire or we desire, because of this poor economy that we have had for the last few years is driving that. The 1.3 percentage, convert that on the fraud issue. Convert that into dollar amounts for me.    Mr. Abraham. Wow. Walk me through on this exchange or this fraud issue, if somebody obtained a card fraudulently, and they take it to one of the stores that you just referenced, the under-the-radar-type store, can they present that card and buy something of low value and get the cash back? How does the fraud issue, how do they take that card and fraudulently use it?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you. Let me switch gears just a little bit. I will stay with you, Mr. Secretary, or anybody. I, in my district, as I am sure everybody has these farmers' markets. You guys have made it possible for them to benefit the SNAP customer, but most of them are hooked up wireless. They are paying a pretty good premium to play the game, so to speak. And I know in the farm bill with the FINI there was money dedicated to breach that technology gap. What is going on today? What are you guys doing to facilitate that, make it better, make it so these farmers' markets can work efficiently?    Mr. Abraham. Thank you. I yield back, Mr. Chairman.    The Chairman. The gentleman's time has expired. Mrs. Hartzler, for 4 minutes.