    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Do not get too confident.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Good morning. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and really I welcome you to New York City. I want to take this opportunity to thank you for holding this hearing here in New York, and also recognize Joe Hartz, who has been very accommodating. I really appreciate it. My colleague, Gregory Meeks, thank you for being here, too. Mr. Chairman you have always been a very strong voice for manufacturers, not just in the Midwest or your state of Ohio, but around the country. I am glad we are getting an opportunity to showcase before you some of the leaders in the New York business community.    What the chairman related to you before is completely true. My mantra is that when it comes to small business, there is no Republican or Democratic approach. What we need is to make sure that we develop the kind of public policy that will enable small businesses to do what you do best, and that is creating good jobs.    Across the nation we have seen a manufacturing resurgence. Following years of decline, in the last 7 years, U.S. manufacturers added 856,000 workers to their payrolls. Just last month, 29,000 manufacturing jobs were created, the largest month-to-month gain since November of 2014. These are positive developments. With almost one-eighth of our economy rooted in manufacturing, strengthening this sector is vital to our country's overall economic health, and to job growth for working families and the middle class.    While New York City is often thought of as the financial and media capital, there is also a rich manufacturing history, and we are seeing growth in this area. In New York's 7th District, and neighborhoods next to it, we have seen some of the greatest manufacturing innovation. The Brooklyn Navy Yard has become a vibrant manufacturing and commercial hub. Today more than 7,000 people employed in 330 companies, work out of the Navy Yard. Creative reuse of this space has become a model for similar projects around the country.    A support city with deep ties to shipping, our manufacturers are well positioned to export products abroad. New York manufacturers sell almost $70 billion worth of goods overseas, and 94 percent of these exporting firms are small businesses. With exports driving much of manufacturing growth, New York firms stand to benefit given their proximity to such an active port system.    Although this renaissance is promising for our city and the nation as a whole, there remain challenges that are preventing this sector from reaching its full potential. Here in New York, some of these hurdles are unique to an urban area. Other issues are sector-wide regardless of geography.    Connecting workers with employers and addressing small manufacturers' employment needs is a longstanding challenging. Many of Brooklyn's neighborhoods are walk to work communities. To the extent small manufacturers hire locally, we can strengthen local economies while generating opportunity for low-income workers.    On a broader scale, we must ensure we are adequately investing in human resources. Greater federal investment in science, technology, engineering, math education will enhance domestic manufacturing. Local and private sector apprenticeship programs can prepare young people for careers in rapid growth areas. I would like to hear your thoughts and insights on these aspects, on these issues.    Transportation and rental costs remain an ongoing challenge for all manufacturers, but especially New York based. In the outer boroughs, industrial rents have climbed 10 percent in a single year. Similarly, transporting goods produced in a congested, urban market is always more expensive than in rural areas, one reason I have pushed legislation aimed at modernizing our freight system.    For manufacturers everywhere, access to capital is a persistent problem. This is especially true for smaller startup firms that are on the cusp of fast growth. For this reason, I introduced the Scale-Up Manufacturing Investment Company Act. This legislation will expand investment opportunities for small and emerging manufacturers, and I hope to hear our witnesses' perspective on it today.    All of these and other challenges point to a need for a concerted effort at the federal, state, and city level. In recent years, House Democrats have united behind the Make it in America agenda, a series of proposals to strengthen and expand our manufacturing base. Locally, New York City has a 10-point plan aimed at bolstering our industrial infrastructure and better train workers.    I would like to see a more holistic, cohesive approach in terms of the federal, state, and city governments. Each one of them has programs, and have come up with public policy, but how can we work together to strengthen what each level of government is doing in a way that makes sense to the businesses that are on the ground?    These efforts are important, but they can only succeed if they are guided by insight from the actual businesses here on the ground that are fueling our city's manufacturing renaissance. That is what makes today's hearing so valuable. As such, I would like to thank all of the witnesses for participating today. And, again, I thank the chairman for holding this field hearing.    I yield back.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I would like to first open the witness panel by introducing Mr. Adam Friedman. He is the third executive director of the Pratt Center for Community Development, and the founding director of the New York Industrial Retention Network where he led efforts to strengthen the city's manufacturing sector and promote sustainable development. He is one of New York City's leading advocates in support of manufacturing and employment opportunities it brings.    Then I would like to also introduce Ms. Bob Bland, a Brooklyn-based fashion designer, entrepreneur, and community organizer. She is the CEO and founder of MANUFACTURE New York, a fashion incubator and factory dedicated to providing independent designers with the resources they need to streamline production and transform local manufacturing.    She will be followed by Mr. Michael DiMarino, president of Linda Tool, a second generation family business that manufacturers precision machine components and assemblies. Linda Tool's state-of-the-art manufacturing facility is located in the historic Red Hook neighborhood, part of my district in Brooklyn, New York. Mr. DiMarino has participated in the launch of Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Business Program, as well as the UBS Mentorship Program. Socially committed to the restoration of the community, Linda Tool is also participating in a number of green initiatives designed to promote a healthy, sustainable, and safe working environment for its employees.    He will be followed by Ms. Nekisia Davis, founder and owner of Early Bird Foods, which makes small batch granola and other foods by hand. Prior to starting this business, Ms. Davis managed a famous local pizzeria and sold her granola at local markets, including the Brooklyn Flea Market. Now, they are located in Brooklyn's own Red Hook neighborhood.    She will be followed by Mr. Edward Jacobs, co-founder and CTO of FXE Industries. His startup company is based in the historic Brooklyn Navy Yard and focuses on advanced motorcycle design, engineering, and manufacturing. With over 10 years of experience, Mr. Jacobs uses an innovative approach to manufacturing that offers greater accessibly to customers.    And with that, Mr. Friedman, welcome.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Ms. Bland, why did you choose to locate your facility here in New York City? What advantage does your business have over others because of its location?    Ms. BLAND. Well, we are located in Sunset Park at Liberty View Industrial Plaza, which is a development by Sumar Properties. The reason we are located there is because Sunset Park is a walk to work neighborhood that has many, many people who are already familiar with manufacturing. It is primarily a Latino and East Asian base, so a lot of these folks already have apparel manufacturing skills. It makes it much easier for us to hire people.    The reason for New York is because the fashion industry is iconic to New York City, and there are already so many skilled people also closing the loop in having all the designers, all of the development, and then also the sampling, how they are making all of it right in New York makes so much sense for these brands. It is starting to make more and sense. For instance, we just picked up Calvin Klein as a client. That was not something that we were expecting to happen this soon, because they are starting to pay attention to, oh, we need to do our development closer to home. New York City has a really incredible opportunity there.    For all of our startups, having the access to the major media outlets and having all of the really good press, it very much helps startups to get the word out about their new products and their new businesses, as well as Silicon Alley, the new fashion tech scene, the wearable tech scene. We are not seeing a lot of venture capital go into anything besides tech anymore. We have to take advantage of the fact that we are a fashion capital, and make sure that there is not a bunch of money being sunk into ugly products that do not make sense and do not work for the customer, and that no one in fashion has been consulted on them.    Instead we work with companies and work with VCs to ensure that they are employing the local workforce, and that everyone can take advantage of this opportunity, and that is going to require a lot of STEM training. That is going to require a lot of engineering, science, and other training to be combined with commercial manufacturing. We see a next generation of jobs there.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Thank you. I am so proud that we worked to prevent that building from being sold----    Ms. BLAND. We are so grateful----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ.--and putting it up for auction.    Ms. BLAND. Thank you for your support.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Sure. Mr. Jacobs.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. There is a large and growing gap between idea conception and sustainable sales that every manufacturer must go through, the valley of death. Bridging that financial gap is critical for success, but often funding for companies at this stage is difficult to secure because of the inherent risk. Can you describe your difficulties in obtaining financing at this stage?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you. Ms. Davis, pretty soon we are going to be voting on a trade agreement, and we know that small exporters, small businesses are the majority of exporters. Yet if they do business with just one country, they will have only one customer in that country. I would like to hear from you, can you discuss your efforts to export your goods, and what challenges you have faced in doing business internationally?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. And just tell me with a yes or no answer, have you contacted or used any of the programs through the federal Department of Commerce or the Small Business Administration----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Our committee, Small Business, while I was the chair was one that worked on the legislation.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Yes.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you for yielding. The main mission of the market is to create jobs that will benefit low-income communities. Because of gentrification and displacement, we have an issue, but it is worth revisiting when we have to reauthorize.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. What we found was the fact that the decline rate of disaster loans was extremely high, and I asked for the GAO to conduct an investigation that basically validated my worst fears, that too many loans were declined. Many small businesses on the Lower East Side, and in Red Hook were impacted, and did not have an opportunity to get the assistance that they needed.    For the first time in the history of the program through my legislation, it was reopened. Any business that did not get a loan could reapply, and anyone who lost their business could also reapply.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Well, now we changed it.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Okay.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Mr. DiMarino, as more manufacturing work moves toward automation, workers need advance education to operate the machinery that produces highly technical goods, like computers and aerospace parts. And these jobs also command higher pay. What are the challenges you are facing today in that regard?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Friedman, so many times we meet with businesses, and when we ask them the biggest challenge they are facing, it is the lack of trained workers. What kind of role do you see for the federal government and at the state level that we could be doing more in terms of learning opportunities for our workforce?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Let us talk for a second about how our country needs to encourage more students to pursue degrees in science, technology, engineering, and math, you know, the STEM subjects. What do you think? In terms of your organization and your relationship with the public school system in New York City, do you have any type of interaction? Do you have any type of conversation? Are there any type of meetings that take place to assess how can we encourage more, especially in places like New York City where the face is changing? You have more Latinos, more women, more African-Americans, more Asians.    What can we do to narrow the gap that exists between what is going on in terms of the marketplace and the curriculum that we have in place these days?    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Sure.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. You need to have good accountants so that they could provide information to you in a timely----    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Sure. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I really appreciate your taking time to come and listen to the people, the businesses that are creating jobs, and to see what the challenges are, what is working and what is not working. Mr. Friedman, you have raised the issue of the tax credits, which we will revisit.    Ms. VELAZQUEZ. Mr. Jacobs, I am working on legislation that would allow for private capital equity to invest in startups like yours, but to structure that type of investment in a way where you do not have to start paying back right away until, you know, you have reached or you have put your product into commercialization.    That will be a federal program geared towards manufacturers in the United States that lack the kind of liquidity and capital that will enable you to continue to work on your business, especially emerging businesses. So how can we, the federal government, incentivize with matching funds to create those type of companies like SBIC, but where you do not have to pay back immediately as is the case if you have a traditional loan.    This has been very helpful. I really appreciate you all taking time out of your busy companies and businesses to be here with us. Mr. Chairman, I yield back.