    Mr. Emmer. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And thanks to the panelists for being here today.    As we all know, small businesses are vital to our economy. If you define a small business as a firm with fewer than 500 employees, like the Small Business Administration does, then there are more than 28 million small businesses in the United States, and over half of the 120 million American workforce is employed by one of them. Small businesses have also created more than 64 percent of the net new jobs over the past 15 years, and today that number is north of 70 percent.    Despite the overwhelmingly positive impact small business has on our economy, traditional bank lending to small business is still at pre-recession lows. Furthermore, if a firm would like to sell stock to raise money, often it must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission. According to the SEC, registration costs $2.5 million on average, which many small businesses simply can't afford.    Fortunately, certain security offerings are exempt from SEC registration, including a private offering exemption under Section 482 of the Securities Act of 1933.    There is a problem, however. The problem is the ability of small businesses to effectively use this exemption is--the term ``private offering'' is not defined in law. Not only does this prevent small business from using the exemption, it leaves businesses who try to use the exemption and can't afford a team of expensive lawyers--which, again, most small businesses cannot--exposed to potential lawsuits and future liability.    That is why I introduced the Micro Lending Safe Harbor Act with seven of my colleagues. This legislation will create a bright line safe harbor for small private offerings. It will help entrepreneurs open new businesses and expand existing ones.    It does this by clarifying the safe harbor exemption--not by creating something new, but by clarifying something that exists for any offering that meets one or more of the following criteria: one, each purchaser has a substantive preexisting relationship with an owner; two, there are no more than 35 purchasers of securities from the issuer that are sold in reliance on the exemption during the 12-month period; or three, and this may be the most important, the aggregate amount of all securities sold by the issuers does not exceed $500,000 during the 12-month period preceding.    The bill also exempts any of the aforementioned security offerings from blue sky laws while maintaining anti-fraud provisions at the Federal and State level. Again, I want to make it clear, all Federal and State anti-fraud laws will remain fully applicable to these offerings.    On March 27, 2015, former SEC Commissioner Daniel Gallagher gave a speech at the Vanderbilt Law School where he noted: ``Given the substantial changes in technology and the markets since this law was enacted, it may be time to see if there are other ways to balance access to capital and investor protection, giving the issuers other choices when raising capital.''    He went on to say, ``Advancing a micro offering safe harbor, which would deem certain extremely small or limited offerings is not involving a public offering under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, worth exploring.''    As our economy continues to evolve, it is imperative that our laws and regulations also evolve to keep up with new business opportunities and demands. The Micro Offering Safe Harbor Act, which is endorsed by the National Small Business Association and the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, is a next-generation vehicle for capital formation.    The time has come for Congress to come together and help small business help themselves by making this important update and improvement to the Securities Act of 1933.    And in the short time I have left, I wanted to start with Mr. Atkins. It is interesting because I heard testimony earlier that I believe it is Section 504 of Regulation D already exists, so this would solve this problem. But that would require you to sell up to $1 million in securities in, I think, any 12-month period preceding.    How would that impact the discussion that we had earlier about the small businesses? I had one in Minnesota: Medtronic. We have several of them. The Disney Corporation, just name them, Amazon. If you wanted to buy--or borrow $30,000 from a family member, for instance, how would this impact that?    Mr. Emmer. Thank you.    I see my time has expired.