    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and thank you all for being here. As I have served on the Armed Services Committee it has been my experience that absent oversight from Congress the services neglect to design and field equipment with specific requirements for women.    We have seen some progress in the area of body armor, important progress. We know that in the area of shoes that are issued to our service men and women there hasn't been a lot of thought about, you know, what a woman's foot might need in these challenging--given the demands on what she needs to to.    And so I think with the Department of Defense having recently opened all combat-related positions to women in the military that meet the required standards, a move that I certainly support, I would really like to ask that in the area of the newly opened positions which include infantry positions previously closed to women, how are the Army and Marines adapting their infantry equipment requirements to account for these changes in policy?    For example, will the next generation of soldier or marine protective equipment, like body armor, be provided in a range of sizes, shapes, and configurations to account for more women in infantry units?    General Williamson. So ma'am, let me start from an Army perspective. So this is one of the things we have made considerable progress in in terms of our uniforms and also in our protective equipment. So I would start by telling you that we have added eight additional sizes based on a better understanding of the stature. And so there is a level of complexity here that it is not just being smaller. It is proportions. And so that is why there are so many additional sizes.    And as anybody who has worn a piece of body armor knows that it is inconvenient enough without being able to appropriately size it. And so in the design of our new protective equipment we have worked very hard as you look at both the torso, the hard armor protection, the extremities with the soft armor and the sizing so that we can fit both women and smaller male soldiers appropriately.    Ms. Tsongas. General Walsh.    General Murray. Ma'am, if I could just real quickly to add to what General Williamson has said? I am sorry. So you mentioned infantry specifically, which is near and dear to my heart, but so it is not only the body armor that they are wearing. It is also the equipment they are carrying in terms of--and it is not a gender thing but it is lightening of the load.    So I mean, there is a very conscientious effort and we are making some pretty good progress on lightening the launch unit for the Javelin, on lightening tripods for the machine guns, on lightening the machine guns themselves.    And then something that I am very excited about we have been talking about for a long time, we are making some pretty good progress on is a, basically a robot that follows the squad that could take anywhere from 3 to 1,200 pounds off of an infantry squad, be it whatever gender it is and carries the load for them and then remote. And so they are not carrying all that equipment. And also gives them the ability to lessen the load on batteries as well because it serves as a battery charger.    So there are efforts. You know, like I said, it is not gender-specific, but there are efforts going on in a lot of different areas to try to lighten the load we are asking our soldiers to carry.    Ms. Tsongas. Well, we have certainly seen a lot of evidence that the load of the body armor even, while it was very protective, caused long-term damage and costs that we are going to be dealing with for many years to come. So the effort to lighten the load is important across all areas of the equipment.    General Walsh. Congresswoman, very close to what General Murray and General Williamson said on our part is start off with the lightening the load piece. It is a huge piece that we are looking at with the amount of technology, as you are aware of, that we are putting on our marines to be able to operate in a distributed manner. The weight increases so we have been very focused on continuing to try to lighten that load.    And just as we talked about robotic capabilities, we are looking at we just did a limited objective experiment where we looked at taking infantry company and how they would use infantry transportation vehicles, small vehicles, ACV type that would be able to carry some of the loads with them to be able to lighten that load so they are able to be more mobile in a foot-mobile, because the Marine Corps is a very foot-mobile organization and we have to travel that way.    As far as the female piece of it specifically, we are continuing to look at our policies and the gear that we have got. We originally had a policy where we had the gear we were buying for our protection systems was based on a low end of 5 percent of the Marines, Marines gender neutral to 95 percent. That was the percentage that we were buying the gear to.    Well, since then we have looked at that and right now I have got a policy change that I have got to change our requirements document to take that down to 2 percent of the lowest of the females and take that all the way up to 98 percent of the males because we were finding it was when we were at that 5 percent of buying gear just for 5 percent of the total Marine Corps that a lot of the females were falling below that and the gear wasn't fitting them accordingly.    Just as General Williamson said too, we also have looked at the size of the gear and we have added another short version of our vests, which carry a lot of our armor protection.    Ms. Tsongas. And how are you all doing in fielding the new body armor that has been developed for women, especially the Army, but I am also curious to hear from you, General Walsh.    General Murray. Yes, ma'am. So the procurement objective, and we may not get there, is about 72,000 sets and 5,500 have been fielded. And we field to deploying soldiers male or female so it becomes a cascade. So as female soldiers and male soldiers deploy, the form-fitted, you know, new really IOTV , the vest, is fielded, so 5,500 fielded.    The acquisition objective was somewhere around 7,200, but as you know, on the body armor it is very short acquisition cycles because we want to take advantage of the newest technology as it becomes available.    General Walsh. I will just start by saying that we have added about 3,800 of those protective vests. And I will just turn it over to General Shrader for any details he would like to add.    General Shrader. Congresswoman, thank you for the question. So General Walsh talked about we dropped below the 5 percent down into the 2 percent. What led us there was an anthropometric fit study that we did.    We started a number of years ago and the timing of it it was fortuitous that it ended along with this decision that was made. Led us to look at those extra-small sizes, the stature sizes and led us to purchase, like General Walsh said, the 3,800 extra sizes or extra sets that were down in that 2 percentile range, extra-small sizes. So we are fielding those now.    I would also mention that we are looking at how the load-bearing system integrates onto the smaller stature as well. What are the second- and third-order effects with regard to injuries and those types of issues?    So we have an organization within my command called the Marine Expeditionary Rifle Squad, or MERS, that exists in a place called Gruntworks where we have an exercise physiologist on staff that examines all of this data that we pull from the schoolhouses to look at the injuries that may be occurring and see how that can inform how we change any of our body armor and any of our load-bearing systems.    We just fielded a new pack in the Marine Corps and we are now looking at how does it ride on the body? Does it need to ride higher on smaller stature marines instead of on the hips, and those types of issues. So we are full steam ahead, ma'am, looking at those smaller sets.    Ms. Tsongas. Well, one of the more alarming things I learned after you all first began to develop--the Army first began to develop body armor for women, was I learned that in the previous armor that they were wearing, the male version, that often it compromised a woman's ability to lift her arm appropriately to fire or whatever she needed to do.    So there are real risks to not moving ahead in that very expeditious way, especially given the opening of all these combat positions to women. So I thank you.    I yield back.    Ms. Tsongas. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I wanted to ask a question about the soldier protection system. The 2017 budget request shows a significant research and development increase from about $5 million to $16 million, not a lot in the context of everything else you fund, but for this system, important. And it is for continued work on Increment 2 of the next generation soldier protection system.    Some of the planned work cited in the budget materials refers to work on integrating communications, continuing to reduce weight, which we have heard in general is an effort that you are paying a lot of attention to, and possible integration of other advanced technologies into this system in the future.    The Army's Natick Soldier System Center has been doing work for some time on future technologies. And while it is not in my district, I am aware of it and have visited there several times and have seen the extraordinary research that is taking place there.    And some of those future technologies would include communications, health monitoring. At one point I learned about injecting sensors so you could detect an injury and send some material to it to help stop the bleeding. Excuse me for my throat. In other areas it could be miniaturized. So can you provide some details? And I will drink some water. Sorry.    General Williamson. Ma'am, I will. So let me talk to the funding and the acceleration piece. So it goes back to your point about the nature of this integrated system. You have to start with the integration.    So five key components, right, the hard armor that protects the torso, the vest, all of those things associated with the torso, the extremities, the helmet, which will be lighter and also include upgrades to the blast detection as well as hearing protection. And then this integrated sensor system that you talked about, and I want to talk about that a little more. And then the eye protection.    And so although we are looking at these systems simultaneously, the way the funding was allocated it was going to take us starting in 2016 for the torso, but it wasn't until 2019 that we were going to get to the integrated sensor suite that you saw at Picatinny. It is a really important component because what that will allow you to do is not only measure things like heart rate, but it will also give you feedback on things like hydration. So when you put a load on a soldier and they are operating in a combat environment, how do we have the mechanisms to monitor?    In order to do that you also have to tie in the network communications systems. And so we start with this notion of integration, but how do we also--if you are going to add those five different components together, how do you make sure that you are continuing to lighten the load? The goal for the entire system is to make it 10 percent to 15 percent less weight than what the soldier carries today even with adding those capabilities.    But the last piece I would like to talk about is the eye protection. So one of the more impressive things that they are doing is building transitional eyewear that allows a soldier to move from a dark environment into the light and back and forth without the disorientation that occurs because of that change in environment while adding about 10 percent more fragmentation blast protection.    And so it is all of those components that make this system and soldier protection so important. So the additional funding helps to get us there sooner.    General Murray. Yes. I would just add that as a soldier that has carried two pairs of glasses for the last 15 years, been in--I was going to say that doesn't sound like much, but that is a huge deal to not have to worry about transitioning, physical transitioning eye protection. The actual lenses do it for you.    Ms. Tsongas. I have seen some of the plastics engineering that is going into that lens and it is pretty remarkable. And I am curious how the Marine Corps is working with--are you working across services? Are you part of this process?    General Shrader. Yes, ma'am. We are. And so I can tell you I have been working body armor systems, protective systems for the last 10 years within the Marine Corps Systems Command, and on a number of systems collaborating with the Army. For example, the enhanced combat helmet that we developed and now we are in the final stages of fielding the first 77,000 of those. We worked with the Army on that, and they are also fielding that helmet. So we are working with them.    We have formal forums that we meet quarterly with the Army and then informally. My program offices and their program offices probably a weekly basis if not more, and then monthly also. So yes, ma'am, we are working with them.    Ms. Tsongas. I don't want to keep you all, but I would encourage you, and I assume you are thinking about different climates because it is not only weight. I don't know what the temperature issues will be. And that you will also be mindful of women making their way, ever more women making their way into serving and to not leave that to an afterthought.    Thank you all.