    Mr. Sherman. Okay. I would like to comment on this over the next 5 minutes and I'll probably offend both political parties. The prior administration did release more terrorists than the current administration.    More of those released by the prior administration have been caught fighting us on the battlefield. The fact is, much as we like to fight as Democrats and Republicans, the policy has been the same in both administrations.    House them only in Guantanamo because we don't have the political guts to house them here in the United States and release as many as possible--far too many, far too quickly, and massively understate the costs of the release.    We are told that it is wrong to keep them there for the duration of the war because the war has lasted too long. That is their fault. They waged war against America and no, we never guaranteed them that the war would be short. The purpose of incarcerating POWs is not only to keep them off the battlefield but to deter their comrades.    When we tell the terrorists around the world if you get caught you'll get released while the war is still going on, we encourage their recruitment.    Now, we are told that there are only 12 identified circumstances when Americans have died because of this release. That is such a massive undercount. First of all, when we release somebody and they rejoin the battlefield, do they send us a report?    Are they listed on LinkedIn? New status, rejoined the terrorist movement? And then when one of them at least--when an American dies on the battlefield do we get a report from the terrorists, here's a list of the people who killed him--here's a list of the people who provided them with logistics--here are the people that provided the recruiting--here are the people that provided the financing?    So I would--unless we are certain that one of these released people is being monitored and is not doing anything to help the terrorists we have to assume that they are waging war against us as they did before and the cost of release is also the incredible concessions--Ileana Ros-Lehtinen brought this to our attention.    All the winks, all the nods. Every country in the world, especially small countries, no. Take one detainee. The President of the United States is personally indebted to you and when you've got a fishing concern or if you're seeking something from the United States now or later, the answer is yes. We'll never get an accounting of that because you can't account for the winks and the nods.    Now, we are told that Gitmo is a--that we get a tremendous propaganda advantage if Gitmo is closed. Of course, we only partially closed it.    We have no propaganda advantage. It's still a symbol the other side can use as long as it is open with one detainee. But we could bring these prisoners to the United States. That does not enhance their legal status.    The Supreme Court has ruled in the Boumediene case and the Hamdan case that they have just as many legal rights there as they would here.    But we--here's an America where we accepted nuclear bases in our States knowing that they were targets for the Soviet Union and now we can't even accept a prisoner and we whip up all this fury.    We have 443 convicted terrorists in American prisons right now. I'll ask our witnesses to raise their hands if they are aware of any of those that escaped. I see no hands going up. I am not aware and I've researched this.    We've got Moussaoui, we've got Tsarnaev, we got the shoe bomber, the underwear bomber, the World Trade Center in 1993 bombers, the Oklahoma City bomber, and the Unabomber, and we are trying to bring to the United States El Chapo, who escaped Mexican prisons twice.    We can incarcerate people here and obtain the political advantage that we are told can be achieved by shutting down Gitmo. But instead we constantly vote on ways to not do it. If the legal rights of these POWs in the United States is too great if they are on U.S. soil, that is the fault of Congress. We can pass laws identifying that these are POWs.    They're nonuniformed enemy combatants and entitled to less protection than those who would wear uniforms fighting against us. So we've got a lot of dead Americans as a result of this catch and release program.    We've got one party who says we can't house them here, although we are able to house terrorists here in our prisons, and we've got another political party so anxious to shut things down that we massively understate the cost of releasing, and I yield back.