    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you to my colleague from Washington.    And thank you to the panel for being here today for this very important hearing.    I thank the chairman for holding this important hearing.    We are here today to talk about protecting the life of the unborn and clarifying States' ability in their Medicaid programs to work with qualified providers. The legislation I have put forward provides States with greater clarity with respect to excluding those bad actors that perform partial-birth abortions.    Democrats have argued that the bills before us today and the bills on the floor would harm women's access to health care. This is false. As a nurse, I know these bills would protect the unborn, respect taxpayers, and preserve access to health care for millions of women.    If Planned Parenthood funding is put on hold or a State takes action against a clinic, women can still access care. Federally funded qualified healthcare centers provide healthcare services for over 22 million Americans. Planned Parenthood only provides services for 2.7 million individuals, only a portion of whom are women. And the only services Planned Parenthood offers that Federally qualified health centers do not is abortion. Yet health centers provide more types of important healthcare services than Planned Parenthood does.    Today and tomorrow we are not decreasing access for women. We are talking about legislation to protect the lives of the youngest and most vulnerable among us, babies, who have no voice to speak in their own defense.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the remainder of this time.    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    And, again, I thank the panel for being with us today.    Dr. Yoest, it is good to see you. And I want to ask you a couple of questions. And my colleague, Mr. Griffith from Virginia, was touching on some of the discussion and some of your testimony regarding Dr. Nucatola. In the quote that she had made, quote: ``The Federal abortion ban is the law and the laws are up to interpretation,'' unquote.    Now, I think you clearly state that that is not your view, that it is not just up for interpretation, that it is very clear. Am I correct?    Mrs. Ellmers. And I did want to touch back on the comment you made about the Supreme Court and their review of the current partial-birth abortion ban and upholding it. Is that correct?    Mrs. Ellmers. OK. So, you know, like my colleague Mrs. Blackburn, I have one of the bills. And, you know, just for the panel and the discussion of clarifying the situation for our States, I just want to state that I would like to say to the panel that my draft bill seeks to clarify existing State authorities over providers serving Medicaid patients so that those States who suspect a provider may have violated the partial-birth abortion ban can immediately end their State's relationship with that provider. If a provider was proven guilty under the draft law, he or she would also be mandatorily excluded from the Federal healthcare program.    I don't think that is unreasonable to allow States to provide that ability. I believe that States should have those rights.    Dr. Yoest, have you seen or read anything recently over these past few weeks that causes you to think that some providers are, indeed, violating the partial-birth abortion ban and billing Medicaid for it?    Mrs. Ellmers. You know, and I would just like to say, as a nurse and dealing with these issues of, you know, taking care of patients and dealing in the world of health care, I agree. As difficult as it is to watch the videos, and as difficult as it is to hear her describe in such a matter-of-fact manner how she kind of tallies up the day and moving forward--my husband is a general surgeon, and we have many discussions about the surgeries that he will have that day, and, you know, what his hopes are, obviously, to take good care of those patients and hopefully everything will go well.    That is what I hear her talk about, only from a perspective of, again, retrieving fetal body organs in the best possible manner that she can do that. And it is chilling to me, and it truly is sickening to hear that because of the matter-of-fact manner in which she does that.    Furthermore, Dr. Yoest, you noted in your testimony and I will quote what you had said: ``Planned Parenthood has a track record of opposing partial-birth abortion bans.'' And I do believe that you have stated that and that in the past that this is something that they have done. And I will just further quote you: ``States should be permitted to withdraw or deny Medicaid funding to individuals and entities that violate the letter and spirit of the widely supported laws against infanticide,'' unquote.    In addition to the bills that we are considering, that my colleague from Tennessee and I are moving forward in the committee this week, and, you know, with our chamber, what other Federal approaches would you recommend we consider to better protect the lives of our most vulnerable young Americans?    Mrs. Ellmers. Thank you so much.    And, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the remainder of my time. Thank you.