    Ms. Ros-Lehtinen. Thank you so much, Mr. Chairman, thank you, Ranking Member Engel, for convening this markup and bringing up all of these important measures in front of our committee in a bipartisan manner as always.    I am going to briefly speak about two of the bills. I am proud to be the Republican lead, alongside my good friend and the ranking member, Eliot Engel, on the U.S.-Caribbean Strategic Engagement Act, a bill which would help push the State Department to prioritize U.S.-Caribbean relationships. That is so important.    When not sharing the national stage with Hillary Clinton, Ranking Member Engel has long made the Caribbean one of his top priorities, and I want to thank him for his tremendous leadership on this issue.    This bill would require the State Department to develop a strategy to partner with our Caribbean neighbors on everything from counternarcotics to energy security and to broaden our outreach to the Caribbean diaspora community in our Nation. South Florida makes up a large segment of this diaspora, and I understand well the importance of both the Caribbean and the need for increased engagement by the United States with those countries.    Too often Caribbean nations are either taken for granted or are neglected by the State Department, leaving them with little to no presence of the U.S. or diplomatic engagement, and this course must and should be corrected. Deepening our strategic relationship with the Caribbean represents an extraordinary opportunity to expand our economic ties, cooperate on security issues, and advance our values and interests at places like the OAS and the U.N.    So I fully support this measure. I thank Mr. Engel for sponsoring it. I urge my colleagues to give this bill their full support as well.    And I would also like to offer my support for my dear friend Steve Chabot's resolution, which would reaffirm the importance of the Taiwan Relations Act and President Reagan's Six Assurances to the U.S.-Taiwan relationship. I am proud to be a cosponsor because I continue to believe that the Taiwan Relations Act and the Six Assurances should be unequivocal guidelines to which the United States must remain fully and firmly committed.    Taiwan is and remains an important ally, a friend, a strategic, economic, and security partner of the United States, and there should be no doubt about this commitment to her, and as the Taiwanese people continue to prove, their vibrant democracy, Taiwan must have the capability to defend herself from aggression from China, whether political, economic, or military in nature.    And it is critical that both China and Taiwan know that our commitment to Taiwan, to the Taiwan Relations Act, and to the Six Assurances, has not wavered one bit. Taiwan must be allowed to peacefully determine its own future, and I urge my colleagues to reaffirm this principle by passing this important Steve Chabot resolution here today.    I thank the chairman.