    Mr. Sherman. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for the bipartisan approach you are taking.    There are two, I think, noncontroversial--completely noncontroversial--bills. The first deals with Mongolia. I will, of course, support the bill and your amendment to it as well. Democracy has been thriving in Mongolia for 25 years. This bill recognizes the 25th anniversary of that democracy, and recommends the U.S. Government expand academic, cultural, and other people-to-people partnerships between Mongolia and the United States. It advocates and urges Mongolia to further develop democratic institutions, promote transparency, accountability, and community engagement. This is a country with a truly amazing history, and I join you in supporting the bill.    The other noncontroversial bill deals with Singapore. I commend Mr. Heck for being here and for offering this resolution. Singapore was established in its independence 50 years ago. The country's history began in a unique way, being expelled from Malaysia in August 1965. After that separation, the fledgling nation had to become self-sufficient and faced problems, including mass unemployment, housing shortages, lack of land, and a lack of virtually all natural resources. Not only does this resolution commemorate the 50th anniversary of Singapore's independence, but it highlights the strong bilateral cooperation between the United States and Singapore.    And I might add that Singapore is one of the very few countries in Asia where we have a trade surplus, and I look forward to looking at that trade relationship and seeing if we can replicate it with others in Asia.    Turning to the third resolution dealing with the Falun Gong, China's human rights record is abysmal. Its treatment of religion and those who wish to practice religion is abysmal. It appears that Beijing simply fears anything it does not control. If they were providing open government in which all could participate, they would have far less to fear. We should specifically condemn China's treatment of Falun Gong members, who have faced perhaps more discrimination and more retribution and more mistreatment than any other religion in China; though, there are many others that could argue that they, too, are subject to that abuse.    But there are parts of this resolution that do give me pause. In particular, the second full ``whereas'' clause on page 3 of the amendment in the nature of a substitute, which says: ``Whereas researcher and journalist Ethan Gutmann estimates that approximately 65,000 Falun Gong adherents''--and this is a strange phrase--``may have been''--and then it goes on to say--``killed for their organs from 2000 to 2008.'' I can't find anyone in the human rights community, any of the established human rights organizations, to lend their credibility to this as even a reasonable estimate.    It also gives me pause to say that a researcher determines that a certain number may have been killed. The chairman points out that he believes that people's organs were harvested when they were alive. This clause talks about them being killed. I think this resolution would be preferable if it simply deleted this ``whereas'' clause, or--and I may offer this as an amendment in the full committee; I will not offer an amendment here--if we said: Okay, it is indeed true that Ethan Gutmann has this estimate, but others concerned with human rights, those who are focused on human rights in Asia and in China, do not subscribe to that estimate.    Either way, I think that this resolution can be improved. And it is factually true that Ethan Gutmann does put out this estimate. But when you cite the estimate in a ``whereas'' clause in a resolution, you are not only making a statement of fact; you are citing it and giving it credibility. And I think that at a maximum, we should delete this. As a minimum, we should qualify it by indicating that others who are very concerned with human rights in China don't embrace this. Again, that would be something for the full committee and not the subcommittee.    And I will yield to the chairman.    Mr. Sherman. I will make that motion. I will make the motion that we simply delete that ``whereas'' clause beginning with the word ``whereas'' and ending with the word ``targeted'' as it appears as the second full ``whereas'' clause on page 3 of the Connolly amendment in the nature of a substitute. That is my motion.    Mr. Sherman. That is it.    Mr. Sherman. I commend Mr. Heck.    Mr. Sherman. But we didn't do it enough. You can never do it enough.