    Chairman Royce. The committee will come to order.    Pursuant to notice, we meet today to mark up two bipartisan resolutions. Without objection, all members may have 5 days to submit statements for the record and any extraneous materials on today's business that you want to include there.    As you were all notified yesterday, we intend to consider today's measures en bloc. And so without objection, the following items previously provided to members will be considered en bloc, and are considered as read: House Resolution 348, supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future. And with it, Cicilline amendment 200 in the nature of a substitute to House Resolution 348, and Cicilline second degree amendment 58 to the ANS.    Then we have House Resolution 354, expressing the sense of the House regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe, and Smith amendment 201 in the nature of a substitute to the House Resolution 354.    Chairman Royce. And after recognizing myself and the ranking member, I will be pleased to recognize any member seeking recognition to speak on either of these measures.    So first, I want to thank Representative Cicilline for introducing this resolution and for his commitment to the people of Ukraine. In 2014, Mr. Cicilline, along with Ranking Member Engel and committee members Poe and Lowenthal and Frankel and me, traveled to Ukraine. We traveled to as far east as we could fly, to Dnipropetrovsk, which is the Russian-speaking part of Ukraine, and we heard the stories from the perspectives of the local Russian-speaking Ukranians about this conflict.    And what they told us was that Russia was trying to recruit every skinhead and malcontent and bring them there. But they said the accent is different. So those with a Muscovite accent, we are arresting them, we are holding them in the brig until the cessation of hostilities.    But they said what we are really concerned about is not these Russian interlopers, what we are worried about are the Russian forces, when they take the patches off, and Russian Army. So what we need are anti-tank weapons, what we need is the ability to buy equipment that if they attack Dnipropetrovsk, which is on the border of Luhansk, if they attack us in the Donetsk region, then we will be able to defend.    And today, Russian aggression against Ukraine remains a daily reality along that border region. The ongoing conflict has taken the lives of 8,000 Ukranians. Moscow continues to provide weapons and support to the separatists who control large areas of eastern Ukraine. They feel they can deal with the separatists, but they feel that their problem is the regular Russian Army that is in that theater.    The so-called Minsk agreement lays out a series of steps to bring peace to the region, including holding local elections in Ukraine. The Ukrainian Government has scheduled those elections for October 25. But they will not be held in those areas of eastern Ukraine that are controlled by Russian-led separatists because free and fair elections are not possible in Luhansk and Donetsk.    However, the elections will go forward in the rest of the country with independent observers to ensure they meet international standards, and this resolution strongly supports the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government, urges the administration to expedite assistance for reforms to promote free and fair elections, and condemns efforts by outside forces, especially the Russian Government, from interfering in those elections.    And lastly, we turn to House Resolution 354, regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe. Anti-Semitism in Europe has been on the rise. The horrific loss of life that occurred in the Paris and Copenhagen attacks highlights the urgent need for European governments to better protect their Jewish communities.    This timely resolution urges those governments in Europe to consider several commonsense steps aimed at improving the safety of Jewish citizens there, such as establishing partnerships between law enforcement and Jewish community groups in order to improve security plans, and including training and the law enforcement response to anti-Semitic violence.    The measure also encourages European nations to improve communications among themselves, as well as with the U.S., and to analyze trends in anti-Semitic crimes, and to share best practices in combating extremism.    And I thank Congressman Chris Smith of New Jersey for authoring this important measure and for his long-time commitment to promoting religious freedom around the world.    I now recognize the ranking member for his remarks.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Engel. We go now to Mr. Smith of New Jersey.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Smith. Mr. Cicilline of Rhode Island.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. Mr. Chabot of Ohio.    Chairman Royce. We go to Mr. Gerry Connolly of Virginia.    Chairman Royce. And we go now to Mr. Dana Rohrabacher of California.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Mr. Rohrabacher. We go now to Lois Frankel of Florida.    Chairman Royce. Thank you. We go now to Congressman Poe.    Chairman Royce. Thank you, Judge. We go now to Mr. Brad Sherman of California.    Chairman Royce. Do any other members seek recognition? Hearing no further requests for recognition, the question occurs--oh, Mr. Trott.    Chairman Royce. Any other member seeking recognition?    Hearing no further requests, the question occurs on the items considered en bloc.    All those in favor, say aye.    All opposed, no.    In the opinion of the Chair, the ayes have it, and the measures considered en bloc are agreed to. And without objection, House Resolution 348 and House Resolution 354 are ordered favorably reported, as amended. And the staff is directed to make any technical and conforming changes.    Also, without objection, the Chair is authorized to seek House consideration of those measures under suspension of the rules.    And that concludes our business for today. I thank Ranking Member Engel and all of our committee members for their contributions and assistance to today's markup. The committee is adjourned.