    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. Thank you for calling this hearing. Ambassador Miller, Ambassador Bloomfield, Mr. Chollet, welcome to the Foreign Affairs Committee. We are grateful for your time and your expertise.    It has been nearly 70 years since the National Security Act created the National Security Council. Over that time, the council has proved to be a flexible and dynamic body. Every President has shaped the NSC staff in a way that has worked best for his purposes.    Congress intended for the NSC staff to serve as the President's advisory and interagency coordinated body. As the National Security Act put it, to ``advise, coordinate, access and praise'' policymakers relating to national security.    Obviously, over that time, national security politics and concerns has changed, as the world has changed and the NSC has had to keep pace. As we think about how the NSC might look under future administrations, we should keep in mind lessons learned in the NSC's first 70 years.    First, a selection of a National Security Advisor is one of the most critical appointments the President will make. This person sets the tone for the rest of the NSC and the National Security Agencies. The President should have full faith with the National Security Advisor as a trusted confident, a role that Congress has supported.    Secondly, the President's policy staff should be national security experts with experience managing interagency processes. Even though many of them are detailed from other parts of the government, their loyalty should be to our national security and not to any one agency or service.    And thirdly, while the NSC staff should certainly be in the business of advising the President on policy and ensuring the agencies are carrying out that policy, the NSC staff itself should not be carrying out the policy. That responsibility rests with the cabinet agencies with Congress' oversight.    It is essential to our discussion today how do we ensure that the execution of foreign policy stays where it belongs. One common explanation is that the NSC mission creep results from the NSC staff growing too large and the easy solution is to limit the size of the staff. I am sympathetic to that feeling because we don't want it to be too large and we don't want it to be usurping things that the State Department or the Agency should do. But it is not just that. That, in itself, in my opinion, is too simplistic. It fails to take into account why the staff is growing and ignores the bureaucratic demands placed in the NSC.    The real questions we should be asking are about the appropriate role of the NSC and how it is managed, issues that are important, regardless of the size of the staff. I do want to say that I am concerned about the size of the staff but I think these other things are at least equal of concern as well.    In a certain way, the NSC was set up as a clearing house. Seventy years ago, the cabinet agencies had relatively clear-cut missions with a minimal amount of overlap. When matters emerged that required cross-agency collaboration or tradeoffs, the question went up the food chain to the NSC and the NSC coordinated among agencies.    Today, we face so many more issues that are crosscutting and overlapping and they often involve a whole host of cabinet agencies. Just consider the Zika virus. State Department, HHS, and the Agriculture Department all have roles to play in addressing that problem but our civilian agencies are still essentially a stovepipe bureaucracy. So, when questions emerge about one of the many complex national security issues we face, those questions still get passed up to the NSC, often leaving policy-making decisions in the White House's hands. Over time, this pattern has forced the staff to grow as well. Past attempts to create so-called tsars to oversee overlapping issues have proved to be a Band-Aid at best, and at worst, totally ineffective. So, how do we empower our agencies to deal with a modern set of challenges without having their first phone call be to the White House? How do we modernize our agencies and, we think, decades-old bureaucratic structures ill-suited to the new challenges we face?    We know this sort of reform is possible. We saw it succeed decades ago when the Goldwater-Nichols Act forced our military services to work together in joint commands. That law promoted collaboration and a more unified approach to military concerns. Following the same approach, we need to make it easier for the talented men and women in our cabinet agencies to collaborate and arrive at policy consensus. That way, NSC staff could get back to their original mission, advising the President on policy, seeing that policy carried out, and facilitating coordination among agencies only in those instances when it is absolutely necessary.    Yet, we simply cannot expect our agencies to shake off decades-old procedures and habits if Congress isn't providing them with the tools and resources they need to become effective, modern organizations. It has been 15 years since Congress sent a State Department authorization to the President. I want to repeat that, 15 years since Congress sent a State Department authorization to the President. I don't think anyone on this committee, on both sides of the aisle, is happy about that. This committee recently marked up such legislation. It is sitting on the launch pad, waiting for House leadership to say go. I think the problem that we are discussing today is one more reason that the House needs to finish its work on the bill and I would encourage all the other National Security Committees to look at what needs to be done to bring their agencies into the 21st century.    To our witnesses: I am curious to hear your views on the structure of the NSC and how we can make our agencies more effective and collaborative when it comes to policymaking. Again, we are grateful for your time.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I yield back.    Mr. Engel. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I want to echo my concern along with you, the two questions you asked about the role of Congress. We are very anxious. Many of us feel that more and more things are slipping away from what Congress is supposed to do and we don't like it and don't think it is good for the country. So, I am very concerned about it.    I believe the chairman also spoke about tsars. And I wanted any of you who care to say what observation would any of you make about the usefulness of these tsars, the proliferation of special coordinators and special representatives that the State Department, these were created to shepherd initiatives into provide help with the coordination. And sometimes it has actually been an impediment to coordination. So, from the perspective of the NSC, do these types of structures help or inhibit effective interagency coordination? Anyone who cares to answer that?    And let me say, before you do, I want to thank all three of you for excellent testimony. And Dr. Miller, I am glad that you couldn't have put it better when you said that there is difference of opinion way all over the country and I think that is important.    The chairman and I have tried to conduct this committee as the most bipartisan committee in the Congress because we believe that foreign policy is bipartisan and differences need to stop at the water's edge.    So, I just want to let you know that in the 4 years we have been doing this, we have tried very hard. It doesn't mean we agree all the time, but we have tried very hard to work together. And my commendation to members, my colleagues on both side of the aisle, who have worked very hard, even when we have a disagreement, we have a good discourse and we try to find common ground.    So, if anybody wants to answer that tsars question, I would appreciate it. Ambassador Miller.    Ambassador Miller. I ended up----    Mr. Engel. If you could, pull the microphone toward you.    Ambassador Miller. I will get this. I ended up supporting one of our first tsars, when Bill Bennett was given the drug war. And so I have spent a good deal of time figuring out what support from the White House is appropriate and where it is damaging.    We, I think, have gotten to rely too much on Band-Aids and we appoint tsars, or special envoys, or administrators, when they are duplicative of functions that already exist but don't seem to be moving as fast as the White House would like or performing exactly what the White House wants.    So, my sense is that you need task forces. You need special envoys on occasion but your first examination ought to be is there an assistant secretary that already has this responsibility? Is there a competent Ambassador on-site? Because when you appoint a person with duplicative authority, it can really set things back. It is just confusing.    That said, there is going to be a need for these, as we go forward, but they ought to be led by the departments and agencies that have the lead stake in the issue and supported by the NSC.    Mr. Engel. Thank you. Mr. Chollet, you had your hand up. I don't know----    Mr. Engel. Ambassador Bloomfield.    Ambassador Bloomfield. Yes, if I may. My last position in government was as a special envoy in 2008. I came back part-time on an issue that the chairman knows about. I was to try to travel the world and quietly remove shoulder-fired missiles from circulation. And you had to be able to speak to heads of government, chiefs of defense, because no second in a ranking would ever give up a weapon, you have to go to the top. And so I took my orders directly from Steve Hadley and Condoleezza Rice and had very strong support from the NSC Counterterrorism Team. My observation, though, and this is a little bit of dirty laundry, is that there are lots of senior people walking the halls of the State Department looking for a job that is at their rank and that this is a way. They want these positions. It is not clear to me they are all necessary.    What I would do, and this is probably a little bit out of the ordinary but I have seen it in the past, is to identify prominent Americans in the private sector and in Congress who could be a well-received envoy to deliver a message to a head of state, somebody of prominence. And I include members of the House and Senate in that list on both sides of the aisle, which would add credibility to the President or the Secretary of State's message.    So, I hope we think about that and move in that direction.    Mr. Engel. Thank you. If the chairman will indulge me, I have a quick question that I would like to ask you, all of you.    The current House language in the fiscal year 2017 NDAA calls for Senate confirmation of a National Security Advisor if the NSC staff exceeds 100 employees, including detailees. I want to quote Stephen Hadley, who is former NSA to President George W. Bush. He said, and I quote him, ``If a President thought that what he or she shared with the National Security Advisor could be compelled in public testimony, the President would look elsewhere for a national security and foreign policy confidant.'' That is a quote.    So, do you think that Senate confirmation, any of you, of the National Security Advisor would inhibit this person from serving the President and does it also raise questions about the constitutional separation of powers?    Anyone care to try it?    Ambassador Miller. I suspect I speak for all of us but I will start off. And that is I don't think advice and consent for the President's personal staff makes sense.    That said, we are in a situation where the Congress needs to play a larger role and have a larger discussion with the President about how the NSC works and who is selected. Now, that doesn't mean a vote but I surely wish that you all and the Executive Office of the President have a more candid or active discussion about who is there and who is serving.    Mr. Engel. Thank you.    Mr. Engel. Yes, certainly.