    Mr. LoBiondo. Thank you for being here and for all that you do. General Murray, in the battle space whether air, land, or sea, it is always the tangible items that are given the most interest from the Department of Defense, Congress, and the general public because they are the things that we can reach out and touch and physically see.    However sometimes it is the invisible items, mainly C4ISR capabilities and resiliency that determine success in the modern battle space. So along those lines can you update the committee on the tactical radio programs, specifically HMS , and what the Army is doing to move this program along as expeditiously as possible?    General Murray. Sir, I will kind of cover it very broadly and then General Williamson has got much more depth into it, and I will pass it over to General Williamson.    And so I mean there is within our network, which General Williamson has said was, you know, the number two priority in terms of the 2017 budget. And the overall umbrella would be our WIN-T program. There are several layers we are talking about.    The HMS manpack radio is absolutely a key component within what we are trying to do in terms of pushing command or on-the-move capability down to multiple echelons as well as connecting lower and upper mid-tier echelons of command.    So connecting companies up to battalion, to brigade and then that on-the-move capability. And basically HMS is a critical capability within that, and then General Williamson will pick it up from there.    General Williamson. So sir, really appreciate the question. The radio program is something that I have been invested in for a number of years. So I am happy to report that the HMS handheld radio, so we just had a contract award on the 26th of February. And the reason I am pleased with that is that there were multiple vendors who are now qualified, which means that we will have competition that will allow us to get the best price for the taxpayer and give the best capability to soldiers.    And so when we talk about the HMS program it really represents two pieces. One, a manpack radio that is two channels that allows us to have satellite communications as well as direct line of sight. That program we have fielded roughly about 5,000 of those radios and we are going in now for a lighter version.    This gets to Ms. Tsongas' question is how do we lighten the load? So one of the things that we are doing with that radio is how do we make that smaller and increase range?    The radio contract that we just awarded last week will be for a smaller handheld radio that is used at the squad level. And we believe that will go through a series of tests with the three vendors and we will down-select. I can't tell you today whether that is one or two. My goal is always to maintain competition. So I think both programs are moving forward very steadily, sir.    Mr. LoBiondo. Okay. Thank you very much.    I yield back.