    Mr. Hice. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    Just as the previous conversation was going on, we're all here because of waste, fraud, and abuse, and we're not getting the information we have to to deal with the problem that we need to deal with.    Mr. Esquea, particularly HHS has failed, as these others as well, but HHS has not produced the documents from the subpoena. And, you know, I was--hearing Mr. Shelanski a while ago making a big deal about the reason for their delay and potential obstruction, whatever it may be, is because of review, it's just taking absolutely forever for them to review, and, quite frankly, that's made him an uncooperative and unresponsive witness here today. Do you use the same excuse that review is the reason that we're not getting the information requested?    Mr. Hice. Then why are we here? Why are you here? If you've provided all the information, why are you seated here? Why are we having this hearing? It's because we don't have the information.    Your excuse has been market sensitivities. What in the world is market sensitivities?    Mr. Hice. So what is the legal basis, then, for market sensitivities being the reason Congress can't get the subpoenaed information?    Mr. Hice. Are market sensitivities exempted from a subpoena? Is that reason enough to exempt the information we request?    Mr. Hice. We're not asking for in camera. We're asking for the information to this committee.    Mr. Hice. You're not providing the information; otherwise, we wouldn't be having this hearing.    Mr. Hice. Well, God forbid that you provide this market-sensitive information to the public market, free marketplace. I mean, you've got--we've got 23 CO-OPs: 12 of them have failed; 21 of them have incurred net losses; 19 have claims exceeding premiums; 13 are not meeting enrollment. It's an absolute failure in every direction. There is no reason to hide behind market sensitivities as an excuse not to provide this committee with that which has been requested through subpoena.    All right. Not only is it market sensitivity. I mean, you use that excuse, but the vast majority of documents have been withheld with absolutely no explanation whatsoever.    Mr. Hice. Well, if you are that clueless as to not even know why you are here, you're here because we have not received the documents that have been requested or they've been redacted to point they're worthless.    Mr. Hice. All right. Well, there have been no documents that have been produced to this committee relating to recoupment of Federal funds from failed CO-OPs and exchanges.    Mr. Hice. So when is that information going to be available?    Mr. Hice. It's just--so you don't have anything to do; that's out of your jurisdiction? Is that your testimony?    Mr. Hice. Well, that's not my question. Are you saying that it is outside of your jurisdiction to have that information for us?    Mr. Hice. Mr. Chairman, I'll yield back, but, again, it just seems that we have all three witnesses today--they're being totally unresponsive to what we're trying to get to. I feel like we're running circles and chasing rabbits and getting absolutely nowhere.    Mr. Hice. Yes, sir.    Mr. Hice. Yes.