    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Private ownership of property is vital to our freedom and our prosperity and is one of the most fundamental principles embedded in the Constitution. The Founders realized the importance of property rights by enshrining property rights protections throughout the Constitution, including in the Fifth Amendment, which provides that ``private property'' shall not ``be taken for public use without just compensation.''    However, despite the Constitution's robust protection for private property rights, today Federal, State, and local governments trample on Americans' property rights every day in countless ways. Local governments exact exorbitant fees from developers in exchange for permits, increasing Federal and State regulations prohibit Americans from using their property as they traditionally have, and after the Kelo v. City of New London case, the government is free to seize homes, small businesses, and family farms, and transfer the land to others for private economic development.    The Kelo decision in particular was met with widespread criticism across the political and socioeconomic spectrum. This controversial ruling expanded the ability of State and local governments to exercise eminent domain powers to seize property under the guise of economic development when the public use is as incidental as generating tax revenues or creating jobs.    As the dissenting justices observed, by defining public uses so expansively the result of the Kelo decision is ``effectively to delete the words 'for public use' from the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment . . . The specter of condemnation hangs over all property . . . The government now has license to transfer property from those with few resources to those with more. The Founders cannot have intended this perverse result.''    In the wake of this decision, State and local governments can use eminent domain powers to take the property of any individual for nearly any reason. Cities may now bulldoze homes, farms, churches, and small businesses to make way for shopping malls or other developments.    Hopefully, in this Congress we will finally be able to enact legislation to reverse the harmful affects of the Kelo decision. No one should have to live in fear of the government snatching up their home, farm, or business so that another richer, better-connected person may live or work on the land they used to own.    Eminent domain abuse is not the only troubling aspect of the state of property rights in America today. Regulatory takings--takings in which rather than physically invading a property owner's land, the government accomplishes the equivalent by severely restricting the use of property--are also wrongfully depriving owners of their property. As Federal, State, and local regulations increase both in scope and number, regulatory takings will only become more of a problem for property owners.    Under current law it is exceedingly difficult for property owners to recover the losses that result from regulatory takings, and thus property owners must bear the full costs of any public benefits that these regulations may create. However, as the Supreme Court has observed, the Just Compensation Clause is designed to ``bar government from forcing some people alone to bear public burdens which in all fairness and justice should be borne by the public as a whole.''    Unfortunately in the vast majority of regulatory takings cases, the property owner ends up receiving no compensation for the taking. In fact, according to one study, property owners prevailed in less than 10 percent of all regulatory takings cases. These are troubling statistics given the fundamental nature of property rights under our Constitution.    I look forward to the witnesses' testimony on this important subject. The Supreme Court observed in a 1795 opinion that ``possessing property and having it protected is one of the natural, inherent, and unalienable rights of man . . . The preservation of property then is the primary object of the social compact.''    I hope the witnesses can provide their insight into whether this primary object of the Constitution is being met in America today.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Mr. Echeverria, I'm not going to ask you what liberal organizations might have contributed to Vermont Law School. I'm going to assume that you do your work based upon what you think is right and that your intellectual----    Mr. Goodlatte. Right. Absolutely. And I'm sure you have donors as well as and that you, like other organizations, pride yourself on your intellectual integrity. And I'm sure----    Mr. Goodlatte. I'm sure that these other gentlemen pride themselves on their intellectual integrity as well.    But I do want to ask you about your defense of the Kelo decision. It appears that the economic development that brought about the takings in Kelo was a failure. And I wonder if you've seen other failed economic development takings where owners were forced out of their homes only to have the redevelopment plans fail.    In previous hearings we've had Susette Kelo here testifying. It's a very heartwrenching and compelling thing to have someone have their home taken away from them, not for the pipelines and so on that are referred to in your statement, where obviously in order to move electricity or natural gas or whatever the case might be, water, you need to have some things that transit property lines. But her property was entirely taken, not for a governmental purpose, but for a private economic development purpose. And the real basis for it was that there would be new higher tax revenues generated for that.    So I'm wondering if you have other examples like that where----    Mr. Goodlatte. Sure. Absolutely. But they connect people and they have a long history of doing that. But shopping malls don't have as long a history of using eminent domain powers to take private property from one individual and give that private property to another individual or corporation for the purpose of building something bigger and grander and more glorious than that person's home.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me interrupt you because my time is limited.It may not make a difference to the homeowner, but it does make a difference in terms of establishing where the line is on when government can take property and when they cannot. There are certain types of things that have historically been deemed to be appropriate for government to take for the broader public good and there are certain places where they have not. And that line, I think, was completely breached by the Kelo decision.    Do you disagree with the dissenting opinion that the public purposes aspect of the Fifth Amendment was nullified by the Kelo decision?    Mr. Goodlatte. Answer my question.    Mr. Goodlatte. You already did.    Mr. Goodlatte. No, you said you didn't know of any other----    Mr. Goodlatte. Well, I didn't ask you a question about that. I just told you that I knew the difference between infrastructure and others and asked you if you could draw the line.    Mr. Goodlatte. Let me ask Mr. Alban if he knows of other examples, other than the Kelo decision, where private property was taken and transferred for other private purposes and then nothing happened, the whole thing was a failure.    Mr. Goodlatte. Those people have been displaced from their homes in the meantime.    Mr. Goodlatte. They've lost their homes.    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    Mr. Groen, the Supreme Court has made it difficult, if not impossible to bring Fifth Amendment taking claims against State and local governments in Federal court. Can you think of any other situations in which a fundamental right written in our Constitution is left up to State courts to decide whether or not to enforce?    Mr. Goodlatte. Thank you.    My time has expired. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.