    Mr. Forbes. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Chairman Dempsey, we--the country owes you a great deal of gratitude. We thank you for your service, all you have done for this committee and for the country.    Mr. Secretary, we thank you for being here today and it was my full intention to come in here and applaud you and talk about how talented you were, which I believe that to be the case, and realize what a difficult job you have until I heard your opening remarks.    And let me just ask this question, because you heard Chairman Thornberry mention the phrase that if we get the--anything below the President's budget, that we would go below the lower ragged edge of what we need for national defense.    Do you agree with that?    Mr. Forbes. And would you therefore say if we are going below that lower ragged edge, that it would be a crisis for national defense if we went to sequestration, as opposed to the budget the President's proposed?    So that would be yes?    Mr. Forbes. Would you also say that that would be devastating to defense if we went there?    Mr. Forbes. Then help me with this, because what really took me back is when you said that you supported the President's position to veto any bill that didn't do away with sequestration, because you do understand that the President's position is that he would veto any bill that doesn't do away with sequestration, not just for national defense, but also for everything else.    Do you understand that is the President's position?    Mr. Forbes. So then what you are telling me as the Secretary of Defense, you would be prepared to support a veto that would end up with a crisis for national defense and be devastating to national defense, unless the President can also get all the funding he needs for EPA , IRS , and all the other nondefense items that he has proposed in the budget.    Is that your position?    Mr. Forbes. And that is not my question. I don't mean to cut you off. But as the chairman said, I only have 5 minutes.    I just need to have you tell this committee that as the Secretary of Defense you are coming in here today and saying that unless the President gets a full sequestration taking off the limits of spending that he has on EPA, IRS, and other nondefense matters, you would rather have a crisis when it comes to national defense funding?    Mr. Forbes. Then would you support a bill that this committee would pass that would do away with sequestration for national defense only?    Mr. Forbes. So then you would support----    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Secretary, you are not managing all these other agencies. You are coming in here today telling us that you would be prepared to accept a crisis for national defense unless the President gets the funding he needs for EPA or the Internal Revenue Service or all these other programs he has across the country?    Mr. Forbes. I am not saying that. But I am saying you don't necessarily need the Internal Revenue Service----    Mr. Forbes. Mr. Secretary you are the expert on defense and what we need is that testimony today.    And what bothers me is when you will come in here and say that you would rather have a crisis in national defense, which is what the President is saying, by the way, than to cut or have a cap on any nondefense spending that could be in anywhere else in the government. And I just find that a travesty.    Let me just say this----    Mr. Forbes. But you are the expert on defense.    Mr. Forbes. And we may argue on IRS or EPA but what we need is when you come in here as Secretary of Defense to tell us that you are not willing to accept a crisis in national defense if you can't get everything you want with the IRS or EPA, some of these other funding programs.    And just to put it on the line, when you talked about the flexibility that you need in Department of Defense, let's just recognize also, that sometimes Congress has to hold up flexibility. If we would have given it to the Pentagon in the 1980s we wouldn't have stealth platforms, we wouldn't have precision munitions, we probably wouldn't have jointness and also sometimes when you talk about these outside cuts to facilities, remember what we did to the Joint Forces Command.    Oh, we cut that down and said we are going to save all the money. All we did is take all those jobs and centralize them in the Pentagon and the Joint Staff. So we need to make sure, Mr. Secretary--and I just say this with all due respect, that we are dealing with a crisis we have in national defense. That is what this committee should be about. That is what the Pentagon should be about. And we shouldn't have to hinge all of that on what happens to the Internal Revenue Service or the EPA.    And, with that, Mr. Chairman, I yield back.    The Chairman. Ms. Tsongas.