    Mr. Mullin. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Ma'am, thank you for being here.    What I am wanting to focus on a little bit first is a bill that we have. My legislation, the SURE Act, would build that by qualifying additional portions of the policy statement. My goal is to provide more clarity as to the consideration at play in the unfairness cases without altering the FTC authority. It seems my bill simply clarifies current language.    My question to you, ma'am, how does codifying a statement that the FTC currently uses to guide its unfairness case take away any authority?    Mr. Mullin. Well, my legislation doesn't alter current statutory authority for the Commission to prohibit acts or practices that are likely to cause substantial injury. It doesn't alter any of that. It just helps clarify it.    Mr. Mullin. Well, my biggest concern is, ma'am, that all we are trying to do is clarify something. It doesn't alter it. And what we are afraid of is change. I mean, there is always room for an improvement. I have been in business my whole adult life. One thing we always do is look for better practices. And so, we are sitting here saying that it doesn't need change or there is no point in looking at it because we think everything is working perfectly, can you really tell me that your agency is working perfectly?    Mr. Mullin. OK. So, what we are trying to do----    Mr. Mullin. Well, effectively is OK, but improving is better. There is always room for improving. I mean, we used to do debriefs all the time in a different line of work I used to do, and we would do it after every situation because we always looked to tweak the practices we were using because there is always a better opportunity and a better way to do things.    And so, it concerns me when we are not even willing to change. Ma'am, I am not here getting onto you at all. I am just concerned about the FTC, by you simply saying that, ``No, we're good,'' because that is basically what I am hearing.    Mr. Mullin. There is already uncertainty out there.    Mr. Mullin. But it is so broad right now that people are left to wonder what it is; whereas, it is only within the agency's hands to determine to clarify. All we are trying to do is just to make sure everybody is on the same page. Is that wrong?    Mr. Mullin. How? What is it that you are saying? How could it impede it? Just give me an example of why you are concerned about it.    Mr. Mullin. Specifically, how does the language do that to you?    Mr. Mullin. In which way?    Mr. Mullin. OK.    Mr. Mullin. But, ma'am, in all due respect back, you are making an assumption, and we really don't know because there was already uncertainty. All we are trying to do is improve it. If there is already uncertainty in it and we are trying to improve the uncertainty, but yet, we are OK with the way that it is, we move nowhere; there is no change. When we already are trying to help a situation out, trying to make a subtle change to it, it doesn't hurt the situation. It tries to improve it. And next year or later on down the road, if we need to improve some more, we will.    Thank you for your time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back.