    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Madam Chair, and I appreciate the witnesses being here today.    In this Congress, the Science Committee has held half a dozen hearings on cybersecurity issues and vulnerabilities at federal agencies, and we continue to hear the concerns of millions of Americans who quite frankly don't trust the federal government to protect their personal information from cyber criminals. Too many federal agencies fail to meet the basic standards of information security. We've seen this with HealthCare.Gov and the cyber breach at the Office of Personnel Management. The same is true for the IRS.    According to a report published last November by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration), the IRS's identity authentication methods for online services do not comply with Government Information Security Standards. In other words, the IRS has not taken the necessary steps to ensure that individuals are who they claim to be before handing over Americans' confidential tax information. As a result of these vulnerabilities, the TIGTA report found that, ``unscrupulous individuals have gained unauthorized access to tax account information.''    The U.S. Government Accountability Office has identified a number of ongoing cybersecurity system gaps and IRS failures to fully implement certain security controls. The report found that of 28 prior GAO cybersecurity recommendations to the IRS, nine have not been effectively implemented. These gaps could open the door for cyber criminals to steal confidential taxpayer data.    The past year's IRS breaches are especially troubling. Taxpayer data was fraudulently accessed, not through a forcible compromise of the computer systems, but by hackers who correctly answered security questions that should have only been answerable by the actual individual. The hackers likely accessed the requisite data from prior high-profile hacks.    Last year's OPM and Anthem Health Insurance breaches compromised the information of over 100 million people. This included the names, addresses, dates of birth, and Social Security numbers of the victims. For cyber criminals, this information is similar to making duplicate keys to your house. It's a license to steal whenever and wherever the criminals find an opportunity.    The IRS security breach demonstrates once again that rigorous adherence to all cybersecurity protections must be the top priority for every federal agency. Slow responses and partial measures at the IRS do not protect innocent Americans from these cyber-attacks. The government should be accountable to the people and keep Americans' sensitive information secure.    Thank you, Madam Chairman, and I'll yield back.    Chairman Smith. Thank you, Madam Chair.    Commissioner, recently the GAO made, I believe, 49 recommendations as to how the IRS could better protect taxpayers from being hacked, having their information hacked. This is on top of 49 recommendations that were made previously. My question is, how many of the 49 earlier recommendations have been implemented, and when do you expect all these recommendations to be implemented?    Chairman Smith. How many of the 49 have you implemented so far, the earlier 49?    Chairman Smith. And the most recent 45 were just last month, and I realize you need some time to have them implemented, but I did hear you say you intend to implement them all.    Chairman Smith. In regard to the 49, how long will it take you to inform us as to how many have been implemented?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Why not in the next ten minutes?    Chairman Smith. Can some member of your staff sitting behind you get it for us before the hearing is over?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Thank you for that.    Chairman Smith. My next question, Commissioner, is this. I understand that the IRS issues refunds to individuals even when the names and the Social Security numbers don't match. Why does the IRS do that? It seems to me that you're catering to and perhaps even encouraging fraud. I understand there may be millions of individuals who are getting these funds to the tune of many, many millions of dollars. Why don't you stop doing that, or what can you do to correct it?    Chairman Smith. Okay.    Chairman Smith. Correct.    Chairman Smith. But again, if the name and the Social Security number don't match, you are not issuing any refunds?    Chairman Smith. But for example, I've heard--I don't know this is accurate--where someone would put in a Social Security number of 00000 all the way across and yet they are still getting refunds. Is that----    Chairman Smith. Right. I understand. But still no refunds when there's a mismatch?    Chairman Smith. Okay. That's good to know.    The next question is addressed to Mr. Wilshusen and Mr. George, and it is this. We've had a situation where something like over 700,000 people have had their tax information stolen, over 100,000 have had their Social Security numbers stolen, all in order to access an e-file PIN just this last year. What are the implications of that? What are the consequences of that? What does that say about the future and what can do about it? Mr. Wilshusen, we'll start with you.    Chairman Smith. Mr. George?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Last quick question, if you'll address it yes or no. I'll address it to all three of our witnesses today. Is an individual's tax return and their personal information on that tax return safer this year than last year? Commissioner, what would you say?    Chairman Smith. Mr. George?    Chairman Smith. Okay. Mr. Wilshusen?    Chairman Smith. It may be the same. Okay. Thank you, Mr. Chair.    Chairwoman Comstock. I now recognize Mr. Tonko for five minutes.