    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman. I appreciate it.    And thank you, Mr. Grim, for being here. I understand this is your first time doing it, and you are doing a great job, and I appreciate it very much.    I don't know if you are familiar with Maine, but not only is it the greatest State in the country and the most beautiful State in the country, it is also the oldest State in the country. We have the oldest average age in America. And we only have two congressional districts. I represent one, the real Maine, not northern Massachusetts, the real Maine, which is western, central, northern, and down east Maine, and it is highly rural, Mr. Grim. We have folks who are off the grid, we have folks who go through power outages on a regular basis, and a lot of folks who are just not online.    Now, at the SEC, you folks have a proposed rule 30e-3 which would allow investment management firms, primarily mutual funds, I believe, to no longer send out quarterly reports and annual reports to mutual fund investors, instead trying to get folks to log on and print that out or see it online.    Now, here is the problem with that, sir. First of all, 71 percent of investors around the country want to receive paper reports, and this is a study done by you folks, subcontracted by you folks in 2012. Forty-one percent of the seniors have no Internet. My mother is 87. She can barely use a cell phone. She doesn't use the Internet. Seniors also own about one-half, roughly, of all mutual fund assets.    So I am very concerned about making sure the SEC does its job, as you said here several times, of making sure small investors are protected. And the best way to protect them, Mr. Grim, and I think we can agree, is to make sure we continue to allow easy access to financial information in paper form, which our seniors want. Can we agree to that?    Mr. Grim. The rule that you are referencing was part of a unanimous proposal by the Commission, and I guess I would make a couple of points about it. One is that what the Commission and what we were trying to do with that rule proposal is allow investors to get their disclosure in the way that they prefer it.    Mr. Poliquin. Great. And you know something, I agree with you, Mr. Grim. And I want to move on to another topic. And so all I am saying is, let's make it really easy for our seniors who don't want to get it through the Internet to continue to receive it in paper form instead of forcing them to opt in by filling out a form that they lose, they never receive in the mail, and folks have a hard time reading.    So I know you have a lot of influence at the SEC, and I would really appreciate you advocating for that option to make sure our investors get the information they need.    I would like to move on a little bit here. I bet I spend in my congressional office, Mr. Grim, 25 percent of my time talking to taxpayers who want money from the Federal Government. And I always remind them of the same thing: We are borrowing to pay our bills, and we are $18 trillion in debt. Now, on top of that, we have a Social Security system that deals with retirement, of course, that has promised about $15 trillion more than the IOUs that are sitting right now in the trust fund.    This morning I talked to a mom with 3 kids up in Skowhegan, Maine, in the middle of our district. She is working two jobs, her husband probably is also, and I bet, like the rest of our seniors in Maine and across the country, they are scared that Social Security might not be there for them when they need it. So, they are trying to put aside a little bit of money to save.    We have about $24 trillion in retirement savings across the country, as you know. You are in this space. And a lot of this money is being managed in mutual funds and also in 401(k) plans and IRAs, and these asset managers are trying to help out the little investor.    Now, you have probably seen the study that was done not long ago by a fellow by the name of Douglas Holtz-Eakin, who used to be at the CBO, saying that long term, if asset managers are designated as too-big-to-fail, if they have the SIFI designation, that long term, because the cost will be so expensive for them, these rates of return will be about 25 percent less on these retirement savings.    So where is the compassion for the little investor? We are supposed to help these folks.    I want to hear from you, if I may, Mr. Grim, don't you think it is a good idea to expand upon the discussion we have already had here today, that asset managers who are trying to help small investors save for their retirement, knowing that Social Security is in trouble, to not penalize them, so if they don't have any assets on their balance sheet but they are managing money for other small investors, there is no systemic risk to the market?    Would you agree with that? And wouldn't you also agree that it makes sense for asset managers not to be listed as SIFIs?    Mr. Grim. One of the great things about my job and one of the--just the awesome responsibility of it is some of this stuff that you are talking about, right. There is over $18 trillion in--    Mr. Poliquin. Yes.    Mr. Grim. --registered investment companies. We have over 11,000 advisers with--    Mr. Poliquin. Mr. Grim, I am just about out of time. I don't mean to be rude, but when Chair Yellen came here, and Chair White came here, and Secretary Lew came here, I asked them the same question that I am asking you, and they all said, ``We are looking at this.''    Now, what I heard you saying earlier--I believe I heard this correctly--is that you think it is a good idea and it makes sense--    Mr. Poliquin. --for asset managers not to be list as SIFIs, therefore not penalizing our smaller investor with lower rates of return. Did I hear you correctly, sir?    Mr. Grim. I think, being that those folks you just mentioned are the members of FSOC, that is kind of where--because they are the ones that--they were the ones that make that determination.    Mr. Poliquin. I bet you have an office right next door to Chair White and I bet you can influence her.    Mr. Poliquin. Thank you very much, Mr. Chairman.    And thank you, Mr. Grim.