    Ms. Bacon. Good afternoon. It is an honor to appear before you today to discuss Pakistan's policies toward militant groups. Thank you very much for this opportunity.    After the terrorist attack on Easter Sunday in Lahore that killed 70 people, Pakistani leaders reiterated their pledge to cease their dual track policy of treating some groups as having utility and going after only those that opposed the Pakistani State. However, unfortunately, the opposite has occurred. These distinctions have grown hardened, and the Pakistani State is not willing to reevaluate them.    Most importantly, the calculus of the Pakistani Army, the primary institution in Pakistan that wields power over these policies, remains unwavering. It is evident that no terrorist attack in Pakistan is large enough to cause them to reevaluate their position vis-a-vis their militant proxies. Instead, relations with the four major proxy groups--Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohamed, the Haqqani Network, and the Afghan Taliban--will remain a deeply entrenched component of Pakistan's national security policies.    Today I would like to outline the Pakistani security establishment's three-prong calculus vis-a-vis these organizations, in part because in order to get Pakistan to truly change its behavior, the United States will have to effect all three of these aspects of its calculus.    First and foremost, as is well-known, Pakistan's security establishment judges groups based on their utility vis-a-vis India. This is not simply about Kashmir. This is also about deep-seated fears that India is inherently aggressive toward Pakistan. This extends to Pakistan's support to the Afghan Taliban and the Haqqani Network, which stems from fears of Indian encirclement and a desire to prevent India from expanding its influence on Pakistan's western border.    As the military's efforts to achieve conventional parity with India grows increasingly futile, and the security situation in Afghanistan continues to deteriorate, Pakistan will remain committed to these policies.    Second, the security establishment evaluates militant groups based on how they affect the threat within Pakistan. Though there is extensive cross-fertilization between groups hostile to Pakistan and those seen as having utility, the so-called good militants not only largely abstain from violence within Pakistan, some also discourage other groups from engaging in violence in Pakistan. Breaking ties with the proxy groups runs the risk that they will turn their guns inward, dangerously compounding the terrorist threat within Pakistan.    Third, the Army raised its capability to dismantle and defeat militant groups. Because the civilian institutions are still not capable of truly dealing with terrorism, this task will fall to the Pakistani Army. Unfortunately, a military approach alone will be insufficient to tackle these four groups, and possibly could be counterproductive in efforts to do so.    It is worth briefly noting that relationships have evolved, especially since the 1990s when the Army provided extensive active assistance to a number of proxy organizations. This included resources, weapons, training, and even cover fire to enable cross-border infiltrations. In essence, it operated in the trenches with militant groups. U.S. and international pressure has shifted the way these relationships function.    By far, the most important asset that the Pakistani State continues to provide is safe haven and protection. The amount of active assistance has decreased. However, in this current environment, safe haven is also the most important asset that Pakistan could provide for these groups. All four organizations are highly capable and almost entirely self-sufficient other than their need for safe haven.    They have other sources of funding and weapons and equipment, as well as a sizeable cadre of capable and experienced operatives. They no longer rely on the Pakistani State for these things. The Pakistani Army did its job well. The remaining asset that they need and that they receive is safe haven. Yet the Army's relationship with Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, Jaish-e-Mohamed, the Haqqani Network, and the Afghan Taliban have proven resilient. These are the relationships that survived the tremendous fallout from 9/11 and the aftermath.    While we have been deeply dissatisfied with Pakistan's counterterrorism efforts, once-friendly militants saw Pakistan's cooperation with the United States as a betrayal, and they turned their guns against their patron. For Pakistan, it has been the worst of both worlds.    While the first rationale still dominates, all three reasons--the proxy group's utility against India and Afghanistan, their mitigation of the domestic threat and ability to worsen it, and the Pakistani State's limited ability to confront them--mutually reinforced the security establishment's ongoing relationship with militant proxies and ensure that these ties will remain intact for the foreseeable future.    I admit that I am skeptical of Pakistani pledges that they will deal with the ``good militants'' once they have taken care of the hostile ones. The bad militants, in their view, are not going away, in part because they work closely with the good militants. In the meantime, the so-called good militants will grow stronger, and the Pakistani State will be even more--will have an even more difficult task confronting them in the future.    I hope that by shedding light on the situation it will help the United States to better respond and manage the challenges ahead.    With that, I thank you for your attention and look forward to your questions.    Ms. Bacon. When I was at the State Department--I left in 2013--there were a number of experts on political Islam.    Ms. Bacon. There were both. And within the intelligence community, there certainly are a number of people who are experts on it.    Ms. Bacon. Especially when it comes to the countering violent extremism efforts, there has been a number of people who have been brought on to focus on----    Ms. Bacon. I am no longer at the State Department, so I would defer to----    Ms. Bacon. There were several people in the Bureau of Intelligence and Research who were brought on for their expertise in Islam, but I don't know who is currently there.    Ms. Bacon. I will be very brief. It is by no means a rogue institution within Pakistan, and it is not operating independently or on its own. It is an instrument and an arm of the Pakistani Army, and it is implementing the policies of the Pakistani Army. So it is not just a few officers, and it is not making policy up. It is implementing on behalf of the Pakistani Army.