    Mr. Young. Thank you, Mr. Chairman.    Director, I am deeply concerned about this. I have been around here long enough to watch the CEQ work, and I am somewhat concerned about--we are trying to build a gas line in Alaska. We have five different agencies that will be involved. And you keep saying this is not a regulation, it is not a rule. But the gentleman just mentioned a moment ago, I have never seen an agency that goes through a recommendation from the White House, because the Secretary will get fired. It's that simple. So, they do follow it. Whether they do it subconsciously or consciously, I don't know, but I just know--go back to the court action.    Maybe something, if, let's say, an agency doesn't follow your recommendations--you say it is a recommendation. And the Sierra Club, one of my favorite agencies--I say it is an agency because they have more staff than your agency does, by the way--they will file suit against the Fish and Wildlife or against the Corps of Engineers or against FERC, and that delays the project. Why are we doing this, if that is the case? I mean is there any safety that says this won't happen?    Mr. Young. OK, but--it would allow. You can sue a skunk for crossing a road. But, in reality, will this give another legal--Mr. Martella, you can address this. You know what I am leading up to? I have gone through this. We had the past legislation in this committee to build the Trans-Alaska Pipeline that has given this Nation 17 billion barrels of oil, so there would be no lawsuits. It is the only time in history that happened, and we did it.    Now, what do you see happening if this supposed advice to the agency occurs?    Mr. Young. OK. Director, again, how are you funded?    Mr. Young. Where do you get your money?    Mr. Young. That is what I thought. Gentlemen, I think that is something we should look at. Because I just don't know why this extra layer is going in. You haven't explained it is not a regulation, it is not a law, and yet it is there. And I think it is a lawyer's dream. And, if I had anything to do--if I was a dictator, I would shut down every law school.    Mr. Young. We would be a lot happier, there would be more things done in the United States, instead of everybody worried about being sued. I just think this is a lawyer's dream. What you are proposing now will be used in the courts, and that is not what we are all about.    You know, take into consideration--go back to my gas line. You know, they can say, ``Well, it is going to add to the so-called climate change down in'' wherever we sell the gas. Someone didn't take that and consider it.    I am just concerned, Mr. Chairman. Thanks for holding this hearing, because it is another example, I think, of a continued overreach, unnecessary, not needed. Yield back.    The Chairman. Thank you. And if you go through with that, I will make you dictator after all.    Mr. Grijalva.