    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you, Chairman Kline and Ranking Member Scott.    I want to thank you all for bringing this panel to talk to us about something very, very important and concerns that we have in Congress.    The Centers for Disease Control tell us that over the past three decades, childhood obesity rates have tripled. Nearly one out of every five American children between the ages of 6 and 19 are obese. That is a national crisis that these programs are designed to address.    Nutrition is directly connected to how well those children do in the classroom, as stated before. Ask any teacher and they will tell you that if children don't have nutrition in the morning, if there is not food in their homes and they come to school hungry, they start to act out in class because they start to drift.    In addition to hunger, we are also fighting a national concern, the scourge of childhood obesity. This concern is found in all 50 states, in both young children and adolescents. It affects our social and economic levels.    The school breakfast lunchroom programs make a difference because they provide more than 50 percent of a student's food and nutrient intake on school days. Child nutrition is at the heart of our social safety net and the safety of all of our children, and these programs have been overwhelmingly successful and they have been cost effective.    Childhood obesity and diabetes are reaching epidemic proportions in both the Hispanic community and the black community across the nation. We must do more to help all young people develop healthy lifestyles.    I could speak about the Rio Grande Valley of South Texas where approximately 85 percent of the students in our region participate in free and reduced meals in our school meal program. According to USDA, one in every three Hispanic and black households with children is food insecure and may not know when the next meal will be available.    Twenty-seven percent of Texas children, as stated before, one in four, live in food insecure households, the second highest rate in the whole country. The source of this data is found in USDA/Feeding America.    I was born and raised in Hidalgo County where more than half of the residents are on food stamps, and they have all these children who are participating. That is why I fully support these new child nutrition programs and believe we should continue to strengthen them, not to weaken them.    My first question is to First Lady McAuliffe. What are the effects on children that Virginia has seen because of your efforts on summer food and school breakfast?    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you for--    Mr. Hinojosa. Thank you for your answer. My time is running out, and I want to make statement so it will be in the record.    Mr. Hinojosa. It was back in a past administration between 2004 and 2011 that we discovered that there had been some national food distributors to our national food program who were fixing prices, and, consequently, bringing the cost of much of the food to our school lunch programs. And Congress refused to remove those companies--national names that I won't name, but it is in the record that we wanted to remove them from approved national firms that could get the contracts for food distribution. And that, naturally, is something that we need to readdress again and see if we can bring down the food cost.    But let us not say that $1 billion increase as was pointed out by Ms. Bauscher is too much because I was voting to approve for many, many years, 12, 13 years, spending $10 to $12 billion a month in our war in Iraq and Afghanistan. So $1 billion is not much.