    Chairman Chaffetz. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will come to order. Without objection, the chair is authorized to declare a recess at any time.    We're meeting today to talk about the United States Secret Service and the accountability for the March 4, 2015, incident. On March 4, two senior Secret Service special agents--one had the title of Deputy Special Agent in Charge, the Presidential Protective Detail, that is Mr. Connolly, and the other one had a title of Assistant to the Special Agency in Charge for the Washington field office, that would be Mr. George Ogilvie--the allegation and the concern was that they drove through a criminal scene investigation of a potential bomb at the White House.    Following the incident, there were allegations that the two agents were intoxicated after being at a bar downtown for a retirement party. Most concerning, however, was the allegation neither agent was given a sobriety test, nor were the agents reprimanded in any way.    Part of the concern was what happened in this potential bomb scene, and what did they do about it, what did the supervisors know, when did they know it, and how did they report it up the chain of command? Instead, everyone involved was told to go home and pretend like nothing happened.    To get a better sense of what happened on March 4, Ranking Member Cummings and I met with Secret Service Director Clancy. Director Clancy could not answer our questions. Next, Mr. Cummings and I scheduled a public hearing on the incident. At the hearing, Director Clancy said he could not answer the questions. Instead, he deferred to the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, who was investigating the matter.    That investigation is now complete, and we're pleased to have Mr. Roth here with us today to talk about the conclusions of that investigation.    Now that the facts are in, it is time for accountability. The inspector general determined it was more likely than not both Agents Connolly and Ogilvie's judgment was impaired by alcohol. Since a sobriety test wasn't given to either agent the night of March 4, the inspector general came to the conclusion based on the facts. These included: Both Connolly and Ogilvie spent 5 hours in a bar running up a bar tab that included 14 drinks after 2 hours of an open bar, and the objective behavior of the two experienced Secret Service agents who should have known better.    The agents' impaired judgment resulted in them driving, ``into a crime scene inches from what the rest of the Secret Service was treating as a potential explosive device and which, under different circumstances, could have been----    Chairman Chaffetz. Let me read that quote again. Sorry for the disruption.    The agents' impaired judgment resulted in them driving into, ``into a crime scene inches from what the rest of the Secret Service was treating as a potential explosive device and which, under different circumstances, could have endangered their own lives and those of the Uniformed Division officers responding.''    If that had been true, if it had been a real bomb, these agents would have been lucky to be alive. They were endangering the lives of too many people by doing what they had done.    Following the incident, the story of the incident began making its way up the chain of command, where it eventually reached Mr. Connolly himself, for, you see, he is in the chain of command. Though required to report what happened, Mr. Connolly chose not to. Mr. Connolly even met with his boss, Special Agent in Charge Robert Buster, on March 6 to talk about the suspicious package incident, but made no mention of being involved with the incident himself.    Mr. Ogilvie, likewise, had a duty to self-report, and chose not to. As the inspector general found, their failure to report, ``reflects either poor judgment or an affirmative desire to hide their activities.'' Relying on the honor system for reporting this type of egregious misconduct does not work when agents do not act honorably.    Senior Uniformed Division leaders also violated their duty to report by failing to inform Mr. Connolly's boss, the head of the Presidential Protective Division.    Perhaps the situation would have been dealt with earlier if the agents were given breathalyzer tests that night. An officer on the scene told the inspector general the watch commander decided not to administer a breathalyzer to Mr. Connolly and Mr. Ogilvie because he was worried to do so would be a, ``career killer.'' The watch commander was probably right.    Additionally, as the inspector general stated, the watch commander's decision was likely influenced by the, ``Secret Service reputation for punishing or ignoring those who would further investigate or report violations.'' such as drunk driving.    And that is why the problems that led to this incident extend well beyond March 4, 2015. It is one of the ongoing concerns that the deep-seeded cultural problems within the Secret Service are pervasive and they continue. We have thousands of good men and women who serve this country honorably and patriotically, we appreciate them, but they are not above the law. The Secret Service has to abide by the law as well.    We've heard over and over again the source of morale problems within the Secret Service is that senior personnel are treated differently from the rank and file and that the Uniformed Division is treated differently from the agents. We have little doubt that because of this disparate treatment, Connolly and Ogilvie believed they could act in a way where they would be able to get away with it.    The culture of special treatment for senior agents must stop. It's an embarrassing and highly concerning pattern of misconduct and security incidents that need to end. The Secret Service mission is too important.    I want to commend Mr. Roth and his team for their good work on this report. They acted swiftly, they put a lot of people towards it, and it's produced a very worthwhile result, and it's why we're here today.    We look forward in the future to hearing from Director Clancy on this incident and learning whether the agency plans to take disciplinary actions against the individuals involved. I have a concern that just retiring or stepping aside doesn't solve the problem, that they don't truly have the consequences that would be associated with such egregious behavior. The job of the Secret Service is too important not to reprimand those who exercise shockingly poor judgment, which could put the President and his family at risk.    One of the other things that we're going to explore is how within the Department of Homeland Security there are different tables of penalties within the Department itself. While there's a standard for the Department of Homeland Security, there seems to be a different standard within the Secret Service and other agencies themselves, and yet this is the very reason we formed--one of the reasons we formed the Department of Homeland Security is to make sure that they have got best practices and management together so they could have this uniform across, but it's not.    In fact, one of the things that the inspector general found is that even the most senior people didn't understand what the alcohol policy was. Sort of an important thing to do and certainly an important thing to understand and know.    Again, we appreciate the good work of Mr. Roth and look forward to a good, vibrant discussion today about his findings from him and his team.    With that, I'll now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the ranking member. And it is true that I really do believe through experience that Director Clancy has been more than responsive to requests from Congress, and his availability is very much appreciated. We may disagree on some points, obviously, but his accessibility has been one of the best that we have seen.    I also want to highlight, just at this moment the Secret Service was evidently involved and engaged in apprehending somebody who was trying to fly a drone. I'm basing this solely on media reports. But every day these men and women are dealing with very exceptionally difficult situations. Something can go wrong at any given time. They do far more than we ever hear or see, and we greatly appreciate that.    It is not enough to just say we appreciate it. They need to know we love and care for them and we pray for them. And they have a no-fail mission. And that's why when something goes so terribly wrong, we've got to learn from it and make sure that we fix the problems, because some of this egregious behavior is just unacceptable.    I would also note that just literally happening here today, the Secretary's Award for Valor was given to one of the Secret Service agents, William Uher. I hope I'm pronouncing his name properly. Hometown of Scranton, Pennsylvania. His duty station is Washington, D.C. Let me just read the paragraph.    ``While en route to work on November 22, 2014, the U.S. Secret Service Sergeant Technician William Uher came upon a motor vehicle accident at the Baltimore-Washington Parkway and was the first to respond. After notifying 911, he went to the scene to offer assistance. When Sergeant Uher noticed flames originating from underneath the hood of the vehicle, he removed the occupant, who was would later determined to have a broken pelvis and unable to walk.''    And the men and women who serve as first responders, people like that, who do this great work, can't thank them enough. They're dealing with tough situations.    But we expect a lot. And we expect that people will make mistakes, but not of such egregious consequences that it puts the mission in danger, puts others in danger, and certainly can never, ever put the President in danger. He's our President. I don't care Republican or Democrat, I don't care how you feel about the President, he's our President, and he has to stay safe. And that's why it's so pivotal that we continue to investigate that.    I will hold the record open for 5 legislative days for any members who would like to submit a written statement.    Chairman Chaffetz. But we'll now recognize the witness who's here today, who represents a large, big group of people who have spent a lot of good time in innovative investigative work to come to this meeting today. So it's with pleasure that we welcome Inspector General John Roth. Mr. Roth assumed the post of inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security on March 10, 2014, after previously serving as the Director of the Office of Criminal Investigations at the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration. Before that, he had had a long and distinguished career with the Department of Justice.    Welcome.    Pursuant to committee rules, all witnesses are to be sworn before they testify. So if you will please rise and raise your right hand.    Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony you're about to give will be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.    Thank you. Let the record clearly reflect that the witness answered in the affirmative.    Mr. Roth, we will now recognize you. And don't even bother starting the clock. We'll hear your report, and then when you're done, we'll ask questions.    Mr. Roth.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize myself for 5 minutes.    Mr. Roth, there was an email about the incident forwarded up the chain of command on March 4. Can you tell me a little bit more about that email, what you found?    Chairman Chaffetz. The version I have is page 15.    Chairman Chaffetz. And why do you think the email was forwarded by Deputy Chief Dyson to Mr. Connolly himself?    Chairman Chaffetz. And how did Mr. Connolly respond to that email?    Chairman Chaffetz. So if Deputy Chief Dyson denied that he was aware that the email was about the vehicle containing Mr. Connolly, would you find that denial credible?    Chairman Chaffetz. So for him to suggest that he had no idea that Connolly was in the car, that couldn't possibly be true, could it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Did your investigators ask any questions about the video cameras being directed away from the area where Braun was questioning Connolly and Ogilvie? That was something that our whistleblowers, and there are concerns that the video cameras were actually moved away so that they could not see that interaction.    Chairman Chaffetz. And that's one of our deep concerns long term, is just that, A, why the policy, when you require an airport to retain video for 30 days and yet they only retain this for hours? There were a couple different potential crimes going on. You did have two people that were trying to detain this woman from driving away. They claimed to be injured and assaulted. That video is not necessarily all captured from start to finish. The bungling of how we were going to apprehend this person who had left a potential bomb.    Let me ask you, were there any officers in the JOC that night who outranked Braun, do you know?    Chairman Chaffetz. Yeah.    Chairman Chaffetz. One of the concerns is about when Director Clancy knew. You know, this thing was evidently spreading like wildfire, there's emails, there's telephone discussions, there are people who are asking to have videotape preserved because they were upset and irate about what was going on. You had former agents, you had retired agents, you had a newspaper reporter, you had members of Congress all heard about this before Director Clancy. Is that possible?    Chairman Chaffetz. So who's responsible? Where did it stop? Where did it not continue up the chain of command so that Director Clancy knew about it?    Chairman Chaffetz. But, technically, both should have happened, right? They should have self-reported and they should have reported it. They knew that misconduct had happened.    Chairman Chaffetz. So why didn't they do it?    Chairman Chaffetz. Anybody else should have reported?    Chairman Chaffetz. And my concern is that they did not preserve all the video that was germane to both the leaving of the package, the fleeing of the person, and the incident itself.    With that, I yield back and now recognize the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. Yes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Duly noted.    We'll now recognize the gentleman from Florida, Mr. DeSantis, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize Ms. Norton from the District of Columbia, 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I wholeheartedly agree, because what you see at Homeland Security issued by Secretary Johnson is different than what the individual agencies within his Department have in front of them. And there should be a uniform standard across the board, and there's not. And I think that is one of the fixes that we need to work with the agency.    Chairman Chaffetz. Amen.    All right. Let's now recognize the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. Walker, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you.    I now recognize Mr. Clay of Missouri for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. Now recognize Mr. Hice from Georgia for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize the gentleman from Massachusetts, Mr. Lynch, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. We are getting close to a vote series, so we want to keep hustling here. We are going to recognize Mr. Hice from Georgia for 5 minutes. Mr. Carter. I am sorry, my bad. Mr. Carter for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Glad to see Mr. Carter coming in under time. I appreciate it. I will now recognize the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cartwright, for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. We will now recognize Mr. Meadows of North Carolina for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. We will now recognize Mrs. Watson Coleman of New Jersey for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. Thank you. I now recognize Mr. Russell for 5 minutes.    Chairman Chaffetz. I thank the gentleman. I am going to now recognize myself for 5 more minutes. You mentioned that there were others that had been drinking that evening that went back to--where did they go? Did they go to the White House or did they go to the operations center?    Chairman Chaffetz. But this incident of this night we are talking about, some of the people in addition to Ogilvie and Connolly went back to work. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. How many people? Do you know?    Chairman Chaffetz. And that's the concern. This isn't just one person making a rookie mistake. You have two people here, Mr. Connolly with 27 years of experience, Mr. Ogilvie with 19 years of experience, some 46 years of experience. Are you telling me that they didn't know that it's wrong to drink? Look, it's not right to drink alcohol and work the french fry machine at McDonald's. It is certainly not right to drink and go into the White House, or the White House compound, or drive a vehicle when you are there to protect the President and the First Family. These people have guns. They have trust. They have people that they have to--they can blow past and say look, I am your supervisor, you are letting me through. And that's what is happening here.    And then when you did have that poor officer, you got officers there that are trying to do the right thing, and it is your testimony that these very senior people, with badges, guns, and alcohol on their breath told them, oh, I just came from headquarters. They didn't mention that they had come from the bar, did they?    Chairman Chaffetz. Was that a lie?    Chairman Chaffetz. So it is a lie?    Chairman Chaffetz. That's the problem is they are lying to themselves, because they did take a government vehicle. They should know after 46 years of experience that the reason they are doing it on taxpayer dollars is that they are there to respond at a moment's notice. We never know when something is going to happen. And this is the senior-most--she is these are the senior-most people in charge of protecting the White House. They are always supposed to be ready to go at a moment's notice. That's why they took government vehicles. They were taking advantage of the situation and making taxpayers pay for their little rides there to the bar. You know, that bar is so low. The only thing that is raising on the bar is their bar tab. And it has to change.    I appreciate the good work in ferreting this out. How long has Homeland Security and the Secret Service had your report? When did they get your first draft?    Chairman Chaffetz. And yet there has been no consequence yet. We get reports that maybe one person is going to retire. Who knows when that is going to be. What discretion does Secretary Clancy have in revoking their security clearance?    Chairman Chaffetz. But he could revoke their security clearance immediately, correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. They could be put on nonpaid leave. Correct?    Chairman Chaffetz. Do you think this is an aggravated situation?    Chairman Chaffetz. No, no, I think that's a fair situation. But as Mr. Russell just aptly pointed out, even if they weren't drunk and they interrupted a potential bomb scene, that's totally unacceptable. If they lied to somebody who also works for the Secret Service, that is unacceptable behavior. And if you look at what happened in the email chain, trying to protect themselves and making sure that the word didn't get out, there is plenty of evidence.    This is a pivotal moment for the Secret Service. This is the time when we find out what Director Clancy and Secretary Johnson, if they have the guts to do what needs to be done. Because in my opinion, these people should be fired. Today they should lose and have their security clearances revoked. That should have happened a long time ago. And those that didn't report this, I have got a list here of people who, at some degree or another, have, at least according to your report, violated policy that could lead to their potential removal. That's Marc Connolly, George Ogilvie, Kevin Simpson, Alfonso Dyson, and perhaps and probably, Michael Braun.    At the very least, those people, they need to be taken to the woodshed, and they should lose their security clearances, they should lose their job, and if I was the President of the United States, I would never want to see them again. I don't want to see them there. We got thousands of people, like the gentleman who was recognized for his valor, that should be protecting the President of the United States. But if you are going to go consume alcohol and then show up at the White House, disturb a crime scene, get out of here. Go home. Go find another job. Because you know what, you wouldn't be able to work at my McDonald's. You wouldn't even be able to run the french fry machine, because you are not going to drink and show up to work, and you are not going to do that if you work for the Secret Service.    That's what is happening. And they can continue to investigate and look at--your report is very conclusive. It was independent in its nature. And it's time for this Director and this Secretary to take some definitive, conclusive action and fix the problem and send a message to the rest of the workforce, we are not going to put up with anybody who is showing up to work drunk, inebriated, lying, trying to cover up, not reporting. I mean, how many things went wrong here today? But that's my opinion. I will yield to the ranking member, Mr. Cummings.    Chairman Chaffetz. I totally concur. My frustration is not with you, Mr. Roth, or the Inspector General's office. Without that information, we would still be left in the dark. And what you and your staff have done, good hard work, good investigative work, we are very appreciative on both sides of the aisle. And we do appreciate it. It's now our responsibility to hold the administration accountable and make sure that they fix the problem so we can stop having hearings like these. But we do wish you Godspeed. Thank you for this work, and look forward to the other reports that you are still working on. This committee stands adjourned.